===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. By pressing the star key. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kyra Yates, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kyra Yates: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation's first quarter 2025 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana, CFO, John Olin, and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastellers. Today's slide presentation along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties, and assumptions relating to our forward statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kyra, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide four. I'll start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the quarter, and progress against our long-term value creation framework, and then John will cover the financials. Before we get into the numbers, I'd say that we had a strong start to the year delivering results ahead of our expectations. While we had favorable business outcomes in the quarter, such as business mix and timing of expenses, more importantly, we have amplified our cost control levers as a direct result of the uncertain economic environment that we're anticipating to play out over the remainder of the year. With that said, we are approaching the remainder of the year with caution, with discipline, and the focus to take the necessary actions to deliver against our commitments in an uncertain and volatile economic landscape. Having that in mind, sales were $2.6 billion, which was up 4.5%. Adjusted EPS was up 21% from the year-ago quarter, and total cash flow from operations for the quarter was $191 million. The twelve-month backlog was $8.2 billion, up 6%, reflecting the continued momentum and visibility across the business. Shifting our focus to Slide five, let's talk about 2025 end market expectations in more detail. While key metrics across our freight business remain mixed, we are encouraged by the strength of international market activity in our current pipeline of opportunities across geographies. However, we are cautious with regards to our North American business as the current tariff activities play out over the remainder of the year. Despite this traffic growth, the industries and Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation's active locomotive fleets were largely flat when compared to last year's first quarter. As we look forward, we continue to see significant opportunities across the globe demand for new locomotives, modernizations, and digital technologies as our customers continue to invest in solutions that drive fuel efficiency, reliability, productivity, and safety. Looking at the North American railcar build, last quarter we discussed the industry outlook for 2025 to be about 35,000 cars to be delivered, which is down 17% from last year. This industry forecast has remained unchanged. Internationally, activity is strong across core markets such as Africa, Asia, and CIS, supporting a robust international locomotive backlog, significant investments to expand and upgrade infrastructure, and orders pipeline. In mining, an aging fleet continues to support activity to refresh and upgrade the truck fleet. Finally, moving to the transit sector, we continue to see underlying indicators for growth. Ridership levels are increasing in key geographies, along with fleet expansion and renewals. Next, let's turn to Slide six to discuss a few business highlights. In Kazakhstan, we continue making progress on finalizing orders associated with our installed fleet by signing a $300 million multiyear service agreement to increase the availability, reliability, and productivity of KTC's locomotive fleet. In North America, we secured a $140 million order from a Class one customer for new locomotives. This order demonstrates the need for our Class one customers to upgrade their aging fleet by investing in new locomotives. Moving to the APAC region, we secured orders totaling $130 million for new equipment and service contracts. This included orders for new locomotives and mining drive systems. These orders continue to highlight the growth opportunity we see in the region. Moving to our transit segments, TransitOne won two multiyear platform door contracts valued at $85 million for the Madrid Metro and the new Hamburg Metro U5 line. And finally, we secured a $50 million order to provide brakes and couplers for servicing the New York City transit authority. These wins signify the European and North America Transportation Authority's commitment to investing in solutions that enhance passenger safety and modernize metro networks. Overall, these successes continue to demonstrate our leadership in the markets we serve and the commitment of the Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation team to deliver meaningful results for our business and for our customers. Moving to Slide seven, before turning it over to John, I want to briefly discuss the positive momentum we have in our international markets. Over the last several quarters, we have highlighted that our international pipeline of opportunities continues to be strong. Our international revenue has grown over the last couple of years at a high single-digit growth rate and delivers a higher level of profitability than our North American region. The continued growth in our international locomotive installed base has enabled us to leverage our international footprint and has underpinned our share gains in services, components, and digital solutions. As we walk around the world, let's discuss some of these drivers. In Europe, our transit business is supported by urbanization trends and growing infrastructure funding, which has led to resilient and steady revenue growth while providing safer, cleaner, and more cost-effective commuting. The CIS region growth is driven by the locomotive fleet expansion, which has led to robust growth in services and digital products in the region. The Sub-Sahara Africa region is benefiting from new mining projects and volume growth. New equipment orders for the Siemundu mining project were secured in 2024 and are expected to provide further opportunity for services and digital growth in the region. Beyond Guinea, there are more opportunities for African expansion in 2025. Moving to the APAC region, we see trends supportive of growth for both freight and transit. Urban infrastructure investment and our growing installed base of equipment is driving transit growth while mining fleet renewals and a growing locomotive installed base supports freight growth, particularly in Australia. And finally, South America is upgrading fleets, exploring alternative fuel and automation technologies, as well as implementing various digital products such as strip optimizer, suite of onboard products, PTC2.0, digital mining, and our inspection technologies. This is in support of the region's needs for efficient transportation of goods to help with increased freight demand. We expect our execution, the strength of our business, and our leading products and technologies will result in Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation continuing to convert opportunities in our pipeline into orders and growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to John to review the quarter segment results and our overall financial performance. John?
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael, and hello, everyone. Turning to slide eight, I will review our first quarter results in more detail. Our first quarter results came in better than expected behind strong operating margin expansion. Drivers of the first quarter's operating margins were due largely to favorable timing of expenses and mix, improved operational execution, and as a result of our proactively taking a more defensive spending posture as we head into significant economic uncertainty. Sales for the quarter were $2.61 billion, which reflects a 4.5% increase versus the prior year. Sales growth in the quarter was driven by the freight and transit segments. Excluding the impact of currency, sales were up 6.2%. For the quarter, GAAP operating income was $474 million. The increase was driven by higher sales, improved gross margin, and proactive cost management. Adjusted operating margin in Q1 was 21.7%, up 1.9 percentage points versus the prior year. This increase was driven by improved gross margins of 1.7 percentage points and driven by operating expenses, which grew at a slower rate than revenue, increasing our Q1 margin by an additional two-tenths of a percentage point. GAAP earnings per diluted share was $1.88, which was up 22.9% versus the year-ago quarter. During the quarter, we had net pre-tax charges of $9 million restructuring, which were primarily related to our integration and portfolio optimization initiatives to further integrate and streamline Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation's operations. As you may recall in our Q4 earnings call, we introduced integration 3.0 of run rate savings as we exit 2028. And another round of portfolio optimization initiatives that are expected to eliminate roughly $100 million of low margin non-strategic revenue while reducing manufacturing complexity. In the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share was $2.28, up 20.6% versus the prior year. Overall, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation delivered another strong quarter demonstrating the underlying strength of the business. Turning to Slide nine, let's review our product lines in more detail. Before we discuss our business group sales performance for the quarter, I would like to point out that we have realigned a couple of our businesses within the Freight segment. Essentially, we have moved our Northco maintenance away and a freight distribution business to our components group from our services group. Prior year's results have been adjusted to make our presented financials comparable year over year. We believe that this realignment will improve focus and better match our group's competencies to deliver improved growth in the future. With that being said, first quarter consolidated sales were up 4.5%. Services sales were up 16.9%. This was driven by the timing of modernizations and overhauls. During the first quarter, we allocated additional capacity to our mods production, which was a reverse of what we experienced in the fourth quarter. Regarding our core service business, we experienced expected growth as our active fleets ran according to plan. Equipment sales were down 9.5% from last year's first quarter. This decrease was expected given the shift of capacity to mods during the quarter. In Q2, and the second half of the year, we are planning for a shift back to new locomotive production. This is expected to result in slightly lower year-over-year mod production in Q2 and a more pronounced reduction in the second half. Component sales were down 0.8% versus last year due to portfolio optimization efforts and a lower North American railcar build, which was partially offset by increased industrial product sales. Digital intelligence sales were up 2.8% from last year. This was driven by growth in our international sales, which was partially offset by a lower North American market. In our Transit segment, sales were up 5.3% and driven by our products. Foreign currency exchange had an adverse impact on sales in the quarter of 2.6 percentage points. The momentum in the transit segment remains positive due to elevated which accelerates the need for investments in sustainable infrastructure. Now moving to Slide ten, GAAP gross margin was 34.5%, which was up 1.8 percentage points from the first quarter last year. Adjusted gross margin was also up 1.7 percentage points during the quarter. In addition to higher sales, gross margins benefited from timing of expenses, favorable mix, and modest contract escalation. Mix within the freight segment was also favorable despite foreign currency exchange was a headwind to revenue as well as gross profit and operating margin in the quarter. During the quarter, we also benefited from improved operational execution into our proactive approach on cost controls. Our team continues to execute well by driving operational productivity. Turning to Slide eleven, for the first quarter, GAAP operating margin was 18.2%, which was up 1.7 percentage points versus last year. Adjusted operating margin improved 1.9 percentage points to 21.7%. GAAP and adjusted SG&A and engineering expenses were up versus the prior year with adjusted SG&A slightly lower as a percentage of revenues. Engineering expense was $46 million, slightly lower than Q1 last year. We continue to invest in engineering resources and current business opportunities, but more importantly, we are investing in our future as an industry leader in fuel efficiencies and digital technologies that improve our customers' productivity, capacity utilization, and safety. Now let's take a look at segment results on Slide twelve. Starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales were up 4.2%. GAAP segment operating income was $420 million, driving an operating margin of 22.1%, up 1.9 percentage points versus last year. GAAP operating income included $3 million of restructuring costs primarily related to our integration and portfolio optimization initiatives. Adjusted operating income for the Freight segment was $488 million, up 11.2% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin in the Freight segment was 25.7%, up 1.6 percentage points from prior year. The increase was driven by improved gross margin behind favorable business mix, timing of expenses, and improved productivity. Finally, twelve-month segment backlog was $6.07 billion. Our twelve-month backlog was up 9.1% on a constant currency basis. While the multiyear backlog of $17.85 billion was up 1.4% on a constant currency basis. Turning to slide thirteen, transit segment sales were up 5.3% at $709 million. When adjusting for foreign currency, transit sales were up 7.9%. GAAP operating income was $90 million. Restructuring costs related to integration and portfolio optimization were $6 million in Q1. Adjusted segment operating income was $103 million. Adjusted operating income as a percent of revenue was 14.6%, up 1.9 percentage points. The increase was driven by higher adjusted gross margin behind favorable mix and strong operational execution. Finally, Transit segment twelve-month backlog for the quarter was $2.13 billion, which was up 2.2% on a constant currency basis. The multiyear backlog was up 5.1% on a constant currency basis. Now let's turn to our financial position on Slide fourteen. First quarter cash flow generation was $191 million. We continue to expect greater than 90%. Our balance sheet and financial position continue to be strong as evidenced by first, our liquidity position which ended the quarter at $2.54 billion and our net debt leverage ratio which ended the first quarter at 1.5 times, leverage ratio was below our stated range in anticipation of funding the acquisition of Evidence and Inspection Technologies division we announced on January thirteen. Which is expected to close at the end of the second quarter. Upon closing this purchase, we anticipate that our leverage ratio will be roughly 2.3 times. We continue to allocate capital in a disciplined and balanced way to maximize returns for our shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased $98 million of our shares which was recently increased by our Board of Directors up 25% per share versus prior year. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rafael to talk about our 2025 financial guidance.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Now let's turn to Slide fifteen to discuss our 2025 outlook and guidance. As you've heard today, our team delivered a good start to the year. Our international pipeline remains strong, and our twelve-month and multiyear backlogs provide visibility for profitable growth ahead. With that being said, we are approaching the remainder of the year with caution. But with the discipline and focus to take the necessary actions to deliver against our commitments in an uncertain and volatile economic landscape. Consequently, we are increasing our previous adjusted EPS midpoint guidance and we now expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $8.35 to $8.95, up 14% at the midpoint. Our revenue and cash flow conversion guidance remains unchanged. Now let's wrap up on Slide sixteen. As you heard today, our team continues to deliver on our value creation framework thanks in large part to our resilient installed base, world-class team, innovative technologies, and our continued focus on our customers. With solid underlying demand for our products and technologies, and intense focus on continuous improvement and cost management consistent with our previous guidance, we continue to expect to drive mid-single-digit organic growth while delivering double-digit EPS growth through our planning horizon, thereby maximizing our returns to our shareholders. As we have discussed, the current economic environment is uncertain and volatile. We will be proactive with our cost control levers and drive actions to deliver against our commitment. With that, I want to thank you for the time this morning and I'll turn now the call over to Kyra to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kyra?
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys. If at any time your question has been addressed, and you would like to withdraw your question, the first question today comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks and good morning everybody. Rafael, you called out in your opening remarks just some of the obvious around North America. Wanted to ask just how that shows up in your business or in your pipeline or your pre-pipeline, whether it's less appetite for new logos, more than expected, more for mods, less for mods, more just kinda talk about what you meant by those comments and what you're saying. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Absolutely. Well, first, it's as we look into some of those dynamics, we continue to see North America lagging. Versus what we see internationally. And that's really part of how we're managing the overall business. We've got strong momentum internationally. It's more profitable. And those orders continue. We have a strong pipeline. We're continuing to convert. So it's good to see. We're seeing some other elements types both the transit and the mining business, which continue to be strong even on our components business, industrial, seems to be holding quite well. So I go back to the fundamentals for the business continue to be strong. I think the best way to look at it is the quality of the backlog, in which we've got not just better visibility at this point, but higher margins. With that, there's always going to be elements of lumpiness quarter to quarter. On both the elements of how we cut up those orders, but how we go about delivering on down. So we continue to approach the year with caution. But very focused here on what we can control. And ultimately, we're going to continue to take the actions to number one, deliver on the 2025 guidance, but most importantly, make sure that we're driving profitable growth into 2026 and beyond.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. And so you're saying, basically, both the profitability and the order flow from international is currently anyway offsetting any hiccups or weakness or softness or hesitation of America. But are you seeing, like, less appetite for mods in North America right now? Or just any color there on what you mean by that? Stop there. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: It's very customer specific at the end of the day. I think what we're seeing is not necessarily customers migrating from one to the other. It's customers that maybe were not investing as much. You see them now investing in some new fleets. So we've certainly seen tier four locomotives growing. In North America. I think the other elements here to keep in mind is very often we're focused on North America and dynamics between new vocals and mods. We're managing ultimately a global business and there's elements here of how we make some of those shifts and moves between the global volumes we see in North America. We'll very often look at that continue to expand and expand on some of these agreements. So it's very dynamic from that perspective. And I go back to the comments I made, which is taking every action to deliver on the 2025 guidance, which we've just given you and making sure that we're driving profitable growth. Into 2026 and beyond.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Adam Roszkowski: Hey, team. It's Adam Roszkowski on for Ken Hoexter. Thanks for taking my question. So maybe Rafael or John, I think the 2025 guidance assumes tariffs with the exception of reciprocal tariffs. So can you just clarify kind of what you're expecting there? Is that just assuming that after the ninety-day pause, there's no further impacts? If you could clarify. Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Adam. So as we put our guidance together, we looked at all the tariffs that have been, I would call, the first round of tariffs and that would include, Adam, 25% in Canada, 25% in Mexico, 25% steel aluminum, and 20% in China. So those are they've been initiated in February and March. We're currently paying on those tariffs today and that's been built into our forecast, both the impacts on cost as well as revenue. We have not built in the reciprocal, which is 125% to China and 10% on all the other countries. And that's simply a factor of there is so much volatility in those in kind of the forward look at those tariffs, whether they'll be on or off. And as you mentioned, Adam, there's a ninety-day reprisal on lifting them higher. So we're gonna continue to read that situation. Now those tariffs don't won't start to affect us financially until the end of May because there's an on-water exemption for them to hit. So we're gonna take some more time and understand where they land and the impact that they'll have on the economy.
Adam Roszkowski: Thanks, John. And then just following up on kind of the cadence and shape of this year. I think last quarter you noted that you expected balanced revenue growth but two h would be a little bit more heavier weighted on the EPS side. So maybe just think talk about how you're thinking about margin progression in both transit and freight? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Adam, again, going back to this incredible amount of uncertainty and volatility, I don't think it helps much to kind of go out a couple of quarters. Maybe to bring it in a little bit and let's talk about the second quarter. In relationship to the first quarter. We do expect a strong solid quarter in the second quarter. However, a couple of things that you should note as we do move into the second quarter, is the a lot of the mix favorability that we had and drove a fair amount of margins in the first quarter. We'd not expect this to be the same level in the second quarter. Remember, our first quarter revenue mix I'm sorry, mix was driven by strong revenues out of the services group at up 16.9% and somewhat given back with regards to the equipment group being down 9.5%. And again, this is just how we allocate the capacity that we have. In the second quarter, we expect our equipment group to be up a fair amount and our services group be up but at a much more moderated pace. So that will be a headwind with regards to mix in the second quarter. And the second thing is we had mentioned there's some timing items that impacted our first quarter that we'd expect not repeat in the second quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. And congratulations on the strong start to the year. I wanted to ask in terms of on the feedback from customers, Rafael and John, that you're hearing, on the tariff side. Can you just talk about are there any customers that are essentially opting to age their fleet or any specific feedback that you're seeing? And as you think about integration 3.0, to what extent are you thinking about potential pivot in that strategy if you were to, let's say, increase capacity in the U.S.? As you think about that multiyear plant, to what extent does the tariff situation impact your planning process?
Rafael Santana: Yeah. Sure. A couple of things. I mean, there's clearly what I call a balancing act here. It's we've been working quite constructively with both customers and suppliers to ultimately make sure that we're managing the supply chain shifts in a way that's fair and that minimizes disruption. I think a large part of our focus here is ultimately making sure that we're protecting what I call the reliability and availability of our customers' fleets. That's key. That's how they ultimately support the service levels. And ultimately how we support demand. So I think it's important to start there. We're actively evaluating a range of labors, things like USMCA. We've looked at alternative sourcing strategies. Of course, you got to evaluate inventory positioning. And broader supply chain adjustments. But at this same time, I think we've taken cost. You asked specifically with regards to integration to the auto and 3.0. We do have the offering to accelerate those, and those are the kinds of things that we're gonna actively and proactively manage it. And we've taken pricing actions that help offset additional pressures we're facing there. And Jerry, you also asked about any pivot on integration 3.0. Or our strategies direction there. And the answer is no. Our strategy remains the same. There's plenty of opportunity for us to reduce cost by that $100 to $125 million. As we get into the execution piece, we'll look at we do an IRR on every project that run. And as the economics change, you know, some of that may change. But overall, the direction remains the same, and our ability to take out $100 to $125 million is not gonna be affected by the tariffs.
Jerry Revich: Super. And then can I ask the international installed base is growing really nicely? I think you're also going to have more locomotives entering the sweet spot from a service standpoint. Based on your models, what kind of growth rate do you expect in international aftermarket service just given the age profile 2025, 2026 what do your models tell you as those fleets age?
Rafael Santana: Jerry, we certainly see an acceleration of that. The way I would answer you there, if mature service businesses that we have running out there, if you look at the core of services and that excludes things like modernization, you'll see those growing at what I call 6% to 7% rate. That's what we've seen in the past. I think one of the things that's important here is we're seeing not just that transition that you spoke about of fleets that were under warranty entering to a normal service, our fleets are running. They're running hard. And what I mean by that, we have over 18,000 units that we monitor regularly. When you look at the megawatt hours that really translate into how much work those units are doing. Those hours are up. They're up in the first quarter. Of this year as well and we haven't really seen any change on that.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Dan. Maybe follow-up on the tariff backdrop, John, I appreciate the color on maybe what you're including, what you're not including, but can you maybe actually expand on what the impacts are from these tariffs? I think back in 2018, there was a it was a few million dollars of a gross margin headwind. Quarter. But can you maybe expand on how many of your freight components are imported, what that import you know, map looks like, and what the actual packs will be starting on May one.
John Olin: Thanks, Daniel. Hey, Daniel. We're not gonna disclose the impact of the tariffs on the business due to the fact that timing, volatility, uncertainty continues to change on a daily basis. Don't think that would benefit. Again, we've got a great competency going here of putting them on and taking them off and delaying them. So I'm not gonna provide any of that guidance at this point. Suffice to say, we are collaborating with our stakeholders to minimize the impact of incremental tariffs on our businesses. We're also working multiple work streams to minimize the tariffs and we've adjusted our prices of the tariffs that are currently in place again with the exception of the reciprocal tariffs. I think as you mentioned, I mean, with Dundas over the last six years, and we'll continue to manage this dynamic environment. There could always be an element of specific impact into quarters, but we'll continue to navigate these challenges and continue to really make sure that we drive profitable growth over time. For the business.
Daniel Imbro: Great. That's helpful. Appreciate it. And then maybe my second or a follow-up on just free cash flow. The first quarter, I think it was down year over year, John. I think the receivable securitization slowed if we read that right. Was that just a timing issue or something in the ABS market different or it was less receptive given the volatility? Just any thoughts on how this should trend through the year? You reiterated the 90% free cash flow conversion guidance, but just curious what's gonna make that get better given the timing there?
John Olin: Thanks. Yeah. Daniel, thanks for the question. In the first quarter when you adjust for that securitization. Financing that happened a year ago. So what you're seeing is we ended the year last year with a balance of $230 million of outstanding securitization. In this quarter, the first quarter of this year, we have zero. So with that, you're seeing that that change. And that's driving the $143 million lower. Actually, a fair amount more than that. And if you adjust that out, we would be up over 20% in terms of cash flow for the quarter. As we go forward, Daniel, we have amended our securitization trust and will now recognize all changes in securitizations in the financing section of the cash flow statement. So they won't be flowing through operating cash anymore. Now it doesn't mean we still have a prior year quarter that we'll have an impact on the growth rates. But going forward, there'll be no more cash from securitization or changes in securitization in working capital. I'm sorry, Ian, cash.
Daniel Imbro: Great. Thanks for all the detail. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hello? Your line is open. You can answer your question.
Angel Castillo: Hello? Good morning. I guess, go ahead.
Rafael Santana: Can you can you hear me?
Angel Castillo: Yes.
Angel Castillo: Hey. This is Angel Castillo. I'm on from Morgan Stanley. I'm not sure why it came up as Vincent Andrews. Anyway, just thank you for taking my time. Just wanted to ask about the margin backdrop. You talked about the two q dynamic. Hoping you could quantify that a little bit better just in terms of you know, how much of that mix favorability, how much of an impact that is maybe on a sequential basis? And same thing with the timing dynamic that you talked about and any other kind of factors that may be surprised on the first quarter, if you could kinda help quantify the magnitude of the move.
John Olin: Thanks, Angel. And Joe and I not going to quantify in terms of percentage points, I think that we'd like to do is make sure the understanding of you know, we had four dynamics that really drove our first quarter margin. And certainly came in over our expectations. Mix being the biggest piece of it. And we would expect that not be the same in the second quarter. On a full-year basis, you know, mix is more of a timing element on the full-year basis. The other one is we talked about some timing of expenses. And again, that's just more the way the timing works out. I think the other two though are areas where we will see them continue on and that's why we took our guidance up. And that is with the strong productivity that we've experienced, again led by integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization. They came in higher than expected and we'd expect that to stick on a full-year basis. And then finally, this idea of proactive cost management. Right? As we've seen the tariffs come in and we are getting incredibly prudent on every dollar that we spend to make sure that we can deliver on our commitments to our shareholders. So some of that favorability is what we're taking our guidance up for as well.
Angel Castillo: And maybe to that point on just the margin side and the ability to kind of respond to the tariff dynamic, curious for the reciprocal side, were there still a little bit of uncertainty and as we go into kind of the May first time frame. Could you talk about your ability to kind of respond and quickly kind of pivot to whatever the ultimate kind of normalized level of tariffs is, is meaning should we expect somewhat of a lag in terms of any kind of your ability to kind of pull levers beyond, you know, to kind of reflect the kind of new environment or is there an ability to kind of pass that through and reflect the kind of May first of immediately as soon as we know?
Rafael Santana: Like I said before, I think it's going to be a balancing act here with managing through a number of variables. I think it's important to really highlight some of the comments John made here with regards to second quarter, which we've got more visibility into it. We're taking every action to make sure we deliver on the guidance for the year. But down from that perspective, it's really making sure that we're managing the business here, most importantly to drive profitable growth into 2026 and beyond. And there's an element of shift on suppliers. There's an element of really looking at our inventory positioning. We have, as I mentioned, not just taken cost actions, we've also taken pricing actions. That help us offset those additional pressures there. We'll always be some element of variability quarter to quarter, but we're taking every measure here to continue to drive profitable growth over time.
John Olin: Hey, Andrew. I've been checking a couple times, May first. The reciprocal tariffs won't start hitting us or we won't be charged at the border until the end of May.
Angel Castillo: Sorry. Yeah.
John Olin: The earlier of that or May twenty-sixth. An on-water exemption. So we got a little bit more time before the financial impact start to hit us.
Angel Castillo: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Kyra Yates: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: I understand the concern about being too precise on the receivables tariffs when a lot of that is still influx and you've got some time to see how that plays out. But can you give us a little qualitative help on your supply chain, you know, for example, some of the locomotives you're assembling internationally and Kazakhstan or maybe India. You know, how much of that content do you support with, you know, kits and engine and other key components? Shipped out of the US. Just, you know, understanding the back and forth of what's coming from the US, if those negotiations end up in escalation rather than the Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Let me start with just North America. I mean, we have a large footprint in North America. We're largely localized in North America. And even as you look into the aspects of USMCA, we're quite balanced from that perspective. As you go into, I'll call those international markets, we'll balance the elements of what I'll call what's competitive locally. And at the same time, you gotta make sure you're leveraging the scale on some critical components that will ultimately be imported. So it's a balancing act here between global and local. I think we do that quite well and that's one of the elements that we'll continue to manage through that franchization.
Bascome Majors: But, you know, your term balanced. Or are you suggesting that the content, if a locomotive built in Central Asia is actually similar in value to what's coming locally and what's coming from the US just wanna understand how literally we should take the word balance when we think about you know, the puts and the takes of what's coming from each direction in some of your international supply chains.
Rafael Santana: I'm being generic here because some of this is gonna depend even on the maturity of some of this supply chains and the scale that we use them. Internationally. But take for instance, like in Kazakhstan, we only have a lot of the fabrication, a lot of the elements tied to the platform and all of that. It's done locally. I mean, why do you ultimately shift to some of the very specific controls some of the onus tied to the engines and things like that. So it's what I'll call how you go about leveraging the elements of things that you can acquire locally on competitive terms at the same time. You leverage the scale of concentrating some of these specific components well balanced from that perspective. in certain markets. And I think we're very well, we don't we wouldn't expect a huge amount of we haven't seen much retaliatory tariffs at all around the world with the exception of China. Our biggest impact continues to be in North America. From that perspective.
Bascome Majors: I'm asking we didn't catch that.
Rafael Santana: I'm sorry, I said thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
James: Good morning. This is James on for Saree. Thanks for taking questions. I guess I just wanted to touch on the margin. You talked about like in international margins being higher than North American margins. So I just wanted to understand when did the crossover occur like, and what are, like, primary, like, drivers behind, like, that shift? Is it, like, mixed pricing, like or structural, like, cost advantage? And kind of, do you expect, like, international to continue to outpace, like, North America on margin basis?
John Olin: James, this is John. It isn't something that just happened. We just haven't disclosed it. So this is the first time we're really talking about the margin differential between international and North America. This common question that we get and, basically, the margin structure that we have in our international business yields a higher overall margin than our North America business does. And we would expect that to certainly continue on into the future. I think if you go back five years ago into business towards a number of markets, that we were still at the stage in some cases of developing a platform to compete. You're still on the early stages of standardizing some of the elements of the product, which certainly made, I think, a lot of progress in terms of the productivity on some of the international footprint we have out there. I think that has ultimately helped us really transform this over time. But think John's comments that it hasn't changed overnight I mean, this is something we've been working at it. And it's good to see reflected in the business. That it's more profitable internationally than in North America.
James: Great. Yeah. I guess then another follow-up question here. You guys talked about, like, amplified cost control measures. Like, can you provide more color here? Is this, like, structural and kind of included in integration 2.0 and 3.0 efforts? Or will they kind of reverse once kind of uncertainty and, like, inflation and everything kind of?
John Olin: Yeah. This is certainly in addition to that, our more structural efforts of integration and portfolio optimization. This is, James, just getting down to blocking and tackling. Right? Is things that's traveling glass holding positions open. Again, scrutinizing all investments. I'm accepting higher return capital projects and so on and so forth. What we're doing is again to provide a more opportunity and a certainty that will hit those guidance that we delivered today. But I wanna assure you, James, that it has nothing to do with anything that would have an impact on the future of our business. But these are just things that we can tighten up. And as we get a little bit more defensive on the risk profile that we have through the remainder of 2025.
James: Got it. Thanks for the color.
John Olin: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Thanks. To follow-up on the international margin difference, is that positive variance pretty consistent across regions and product lines? And I know you're focused on margin expansion continually, but do you feel like there's still room to run on international?
Rafael Santana: I think it's consistent, the growth we've seen in our market. Internationally. Of course, it'll vary country to country based. Number one, on some of the maturity of some of the products we sell, it varies also depending on what the mix is in some of this. Seen consistent improvement in the margin and that's driven a lot by some of the integration work that we have done and just really being very focused on our lean efforts and productivity efforts across the board. We feel like we have a good portfolio to compete for the opportunities we have out there. Even on the most recent opportunities like any, we were able to ultimately adapt some of the existing platforms to be able to competitively compete in these products, which I have ultimately translated into I think really positive margins on the equipment side of the business.
Steve Barger: That's great. And I know it's an uncertain environment. You don't wanna look too far ahead, but just to ask it again directly, have you heard anything from your emerging market customers about international trade policy changing how they think about building rail or mining infrastructure? Like, would you do you think that there's a negative reaction to that, or are those countries just focused on what they're doing?
Rafael Santana: I mean, tariffs are certainly not good, but the projects we talk about here, I mean, those are decade-long projects in a lot of ways. You think about Guinea, it's not about price of iron ore right now or not about any elements of specific tariffs that we're transitioning here. With that, some customers are more mature out there. I think we've also seen the dollar weakening. So there's so many elements moving and in transition here that can make the business more competitive are some other ones that are more headwinds to this. So right now, as I said, I think a lot of them are just really focused on running their business and making sure that we're taking the necessary actions to mitigate some of the things that we can control. In that regard. And those were some of my comments in terms of how we really have this balancing act on looking at supply chains and making sure we are being constructive and proactive with our customers.
Steve Barger: Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Oliver Holmes with Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead.
Oliver Holmes: Hi, guys. Thanks for having me on. Just a quick one from me on pricing pass through. Just as a comment you made earlier about passing through or maybe just actually repricing for tariffs and I'm correct, your contract is able to pass that through to customers. Just wondering how customers are reacting to that pass through. Is there a risk that perhaps they wanna keep their CapEx budgets flat and maybe they extend their delivery cycles? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Well, I'd go back to really the posture we've been having, which was want to make sure I meant that we look into this managing the supply chain shifts, we do it in a fair manner and we minimize disruption. I mean if you look at it, I mean fleets are running, so the needs to make sure that you're supporting those fleets is there. You want to make sure you support reliability and availability of those fleets. And that's prime time to make sure you're ultimately supporting the demands you have from the customers of our customers. In that case. We're continuing to take a number of strategies. I mentioned USMCA because we're working quite actively there to qualify more items in that regard. We are certainly looking at our inventory positioning. We've taken ourselves cost actions that have also helped us through that process, but we're also taken pricing actions. So it's not a one-way stream of cost and price go through. I think there's a number of levers that we've been working through it. And that's what really keeps I think more constructive dialogue with not just customers, but with suppliers. That context as well.
Oliver Holmes: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Ivan Yi: Hey, good morning guys. This is Ivan Yi for Scott. First, quickly going back to tariffs. I know you're not quantifying the exact impact, but can you roughly estimate how much can you pass through? Can you pass through 100% of this? Through higher pricing? Just any additional color. Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Ivan, we will work with our customers. Again, first of all, we're going to do everything we can to minimize those tariffs through USMCA exemptions as well as moves that we can do in our supply chain. But at the end of the day, we expect to come out of this hole and margins intact and deliver the margins that we've signed up for.
John Olin: I'm sorry, the guidance that we've signed up for.
Ivan Yi: Thank you. And then my follow-up, any additional color on the new Class one local order many units? When does it start? Over how many years? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Again, I'm not going to comment on any specific business with any specific customer on that regard. To your question earlier, I mean, we certainly manage a basket of opportunities and different projects with various customers. So this is ultimately a discussion that's very customer specific based on really the impact that you see the elements you're able to mitigate and how you ultimately translate that into any price changes into those projects. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much. I actually appreciate all the comments you gave on Terrence earlier. Given how fluid the situation is. I think I heard you talk about pricing. I just wanted to clarify. Are you able to reprice the backlog if needed, or would pricing actions be primarily focused on new orders going forward if tariffs escalate from here?
Rafael Santana: Again, I'm not going to go into specifics, I mean, as I said, we do have a basket of business. We do a customers, those involved not just sometimes new locomotives, modernizations. There's a number of multiyear agreements that sometimes we have. We've got customers who are more transactional in nature in terms of the parts. So this is ultimately about managing that basket of business and making sure that through that process we're both were fair we're smart as we're looking to balancing all the elements of the things that are at stake here and that's what we're really managing. And I think to the comments we've made earlier, we feel strong about being able to manage that. Despite of any specific impact on any given quarter we expect to be able to manage this through and continue to really make sure we deliver on the guidance. We've provided to the year, but more importantly make sure we're constructing profitable growth into 2026 and beyond. I think those were really some of the comments here John made.
Tami Zakaria: Understood. That's fair. That's very helpful. It seems it was a headwind in the first quarter, but the U.S. Dollar strength has reversed. From earlier in the year. So is there any FX headwind embedded in the revenue guide for this year?
John Olin: We've again, the guidance takes everything that we know right before we issue it, so earlier this week. Tami. So it would include our view of what revenue or what currency would be over that period of time.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kyra Yates for any closing remarks.
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Betsy, and thank you everyone for your participation today. Look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtecs Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kyra Yates, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Kyra Yates: Thank you operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Wabtecs Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures, were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab. Some statements we are making are forward looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kyra, and good morning, everyone. Before John and I get into the details of the fourth quarter, I would like to share some thoughts on the past year, this year and the next five years. Overall, the Wabtec team has delivered another very strong year. We saw top line growth of 7%, operating margin expansion of 190 basis points, cash conversion of 117% and adjusted EPS growth of 28%. The team continued to lay a solid foundation for us to build on as we look to realize the full potential of our company. Looking ahead, I'm excited by the underlying momentum of our business and the team's unrelenting focus on driving continuous improvement and delivering for our customers. I believe Wabtec is well positioned to drive continued profitable growth ahead. To that end, our 2025 financial guidance includes mid-single digit revenue growth and margin expansion, which will deliver our fifth consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth. Finally, we are currently three years into our five-year long-term guidance that was issued in early 2022. I'm pleased to report that we have largely achieved our five-year goals in just three years. Consequently, we are announcing our new five-year long-term guidance and we have even more opportunities to drive value today than we did three years ago. These opportunities are evidenced by the launch of Integration 3.0 and our continuing efforts to optimize our portfolio, which will support over 350 basis points of margin improvement over the next five years. Our financial position remains strong. We continue to execute against our capital allocation framework to maximize shareholder value by investing for future growth and returning value to our shareholders. And as a result of our performance in '24, and our confidence in the future, our Board of Directors has increased our dividend by 25% and has authorized another $1 billion for share repurchases, which we announced in December. Let's move to Slide 5 to discuss our Q4 results. I'll start with an update on our business, my perspective of the quarter and progress against our long-term value creation framework, and then John will cover the financials. We delivered a strong fourth quarter. Sales were $2.6 billion which was up over 2% and adjusted EPS was up 9% from the year ago quarter. Total cash flow from operations for the quarter was $723 million representing a strong cash conversion of 212%. The twelve-month backlog was $7.7 billion signifying continued momentum and visibility across the businesses. Shifting our focus to Slide 6. Let's talk about our 2025 end market expectations in more details. While key metrics across our freight business remain mixed, we are encouraged by the strength of our business, international market activity and our current pipeline of opportunities across geographies. North American carloads continue to be up for the quarter. Despite this carload growth, the industries and Wabtec's active locomotive fleet were largely flat when compared to last year's fourth quarter. Looking at the North America railcar builds, demand for new railcars was down compared to 2023 and landed at approximately 42,000 cars for 2024. The industry outlook for 2025 is to be down nearly 17%. Internationally, activity is strong across core markets such as Latin America, Africa, Asia and CIS. Significant investments to expand and upgrade infrastructure are supporting a robust international locomotive orders pipeline. In mining, commodity prices and an aging fleet continued support activity to refresh and upgrade the truck fleet. Finally, moving to the transit sector, we continue to see underlying indicators for growth. Ridership levels are increasing in key geographies along with fleet expansion and renewals. Next, let's turn to Slide 7 to discuss a few business highlights. This quarter, we converted over $1 billion of pipeline in new locomotive and modernization orders. With that context, in North America, we secured $355 million in mods within the quarter, including the first mods order with Ferromex. These orders demonstrate the need for our Class 1 customers to continue to invest in their fleets over time. Fourth quarter was also a strong quarter for international orders. We won orders for new locomotives totaling $649 million with several customers. These locomotives will help support the mining and agricultural growth in various international markets. In this context, we would like to highlight Africa, where we continue to capture significant growth opportunities in that region. We won another order to support the Simandou project which is the largest mining project ever undertaken in the region. This project will be worth over $1 billion when you combine the equipment and services opportunities. These international wins demonstrate continued demand for our best-in-class solutions that drive productivity, reliability and durability for our customers. Moving to our Digital Intelligence business, we signed significant orders with Class 1 customers for advanced automation train handling solutions. And finally, we won signaling contracts for over $100 million with our North America transit customers. This year is our Digital group's strongest year for orders totaling approximately $1 billion. All of this demonstrates the underlying strength across our businesses, the team's relentless focus on execution and the strong pipeline of opportunities, which we continue to execute on. Moving to Slide 8, before turning it over to John, I want to briefly discuss our ability to deliver strong and sustainable results. Over the last five years, Wabtec has demonstrated a solid track record of managing through challenging markets, geopolitical issues, hyperinflation and other significant disruptions. We believe our dedicated management team, favorable end markets and our leading technologies and solutions will enable us to remain resilient and more profitable. Our twelve-month backlog of $7.7 billion provides visibility and support for growth. The twelve-month backlog has consistently grown over the past four years despite a weaker North American rail market and a volatile macroeconomy. This is in part due to the high level of recurring revenues that our products command in the marketplace. Our track record of strong operating margin expansion across the business is the evidence of our ability to deliver productivity, manage costs and price for value we deliver. And finally, we have also demonstrated our ability to consistently generate strong cash flows with cash conversion averaging 98% over the last five years. We expect that our execution, combined with the strength of our business, leading products and technologies will result in Wabtec being resilient through economic cycles, delivering profitable growth and driving superior shareholder returns. With that, I'll turn the call over to John to review the quarter, segment results and our overall financial performance. John?
John Olin: Thanks Rafael and hello everyone. Turning to Slide 9, I will review our fourth quarter results in more detail. Sales for the fourth quarter were $2.58 billion which reflects a 2.3% increase versus the prior year. Sales growth in the quarter was driven by the Transit segment. Excluding the impact of currency, sales were up nearly 3%. For the quarter, GAAP operating income was $334 million. The increase was driven by higher sales and improved gross margin as we focus on continuous improvement and productivity. Adjusted operating margin for Q4 was 16.9% which was largely flat to prior year. GAAP earnings per diluted share was $1.23 which was up 2.5% versus the year ago quarter. During the quarter, we had net pretax charges of $32 million for restructuring, which were primarily related to our Integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization initiatives to further integrate and streamline Wabtec's operations. In the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share was $1.68 up 9.1% versus the prior year. Overall, Wabtec delivered another solid quarter demonstrating the underlying strength of the business. Turning to Slide 10, let's review our product lines in more detail. Fourth quarter consolidated sales were up 2.3%. Our services sales were down 15.9% as expected and as we discussed in our third quarter call. This was driven by the timing of modernizations and overhauls and was a reverse of the growth that we saw in the third quarter for our services business. For the full year, services had revenue growth of 3.6%. Equipment sales were up 41.8% from last year's fourth quarter. This increase was expected and was also the reverse of what we saw in the third quarter. For the year, equipment sales were up a very strong 17.5%. Component sales were up 4.8% versus last year due to a higher international Freight Car sales and Industrial Products growth, which was partially offset by the lower North American Railcar build. Digital Intelligence sales were down 1.4% from last year. This was driven by softness in North America, which was partially offset by our international sales of PTC, next generation onboard products and digital mining products. In our Transit segment, sales were up 7.1% Moving to Slide 11. GAAP gross margin was 30.9% which was up 0.6 percentage points from fourth quarter last year. Adjusted gross margin was up 0.8 percentage points during the quarter. Our team continues to execute well by driving operational productivity and lean initiatives. Turning to Slide 12. For the fourth quarter, GAAP operating margin was 12.9% which was up 0.7 percentage points versus last year. Adjusted operating margin was largely flat year-over-year at 16.9%. GAAP and adjusted SG&A expenses were up versus the prior year. Engineering expense was $51 million, $10 million lower than Q4 last year. Now let's take a look at the segment results on Slide 13, starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales were largely flat during the quarter. The fourth quarter sales were impacted by a shift of our locomotive and mod production to the first half in an effort to level load our quarterly production. GAAP segment operating income was $273 million, driving an operating margin of 15.2% up 1.6 percentage points versus last year. GAAP operating income included $9 million of restructuring costs, primarily related to our Integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization initiatives. Adjusted operating income for the Freight segment was $348 million, up 0.9% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin in the Freight segment was 19.4% up 0.1 percentage points from prior year. The increase was driven by improved gross margin, even despite significant mix headwinds and largely offset by a similar increase in our operating expenses expressed as a percentage of revenue. Finally, segment twelve-month backlog was $5.58 billion. Our twelve-month backlog was up 5.4% on a constant currency basis, while multi-year backlog of $18 billion was up 3.2%. Turning to Slide 14, Transit segment sales were up 7.1% at $789 million. When adjusting for foreign currency, transit sales were up 7.5%. GAAP operating income was $103 million. Restructuring costs related to Integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization were $21 million in Q4. Adjusted segment operating income was $130 million. Adjusted operating income as a percent of revenue was 16.4%, up 1.5 percentage points. During the quarter, adjusted gross margin was up behind favorable mix and Integration 2.0 savings. Gross margins were partially offset by operating expenses being higher as a percentage of revenue. Finally, Transit segment twelve-month backlog for the quarter was $2.1 billion. Our twelve-month backlog was up 5.6% on a constant currency basis, while the multiyear backlog was up 5%. Now let's turn to our financial position on Slide 15. Fourth quarter cash flow generation was very strong at $723 million resulting in total year cash from operations of $1.83 billion an increase of 52.7%. During the year, cash flow benefited from significantly higher net income, improved working capital and the receipt of a tax refund. Our balance sheet and financial position continue to be very strong as evidenced by first, our liquidity position which ended the quarter at $2.21 billion and our net debt leverage ratio which ended the fourth quarter at 1.5 times. The increase of our year end cash and the reduction in our year end leverage ratio was in anticipation of funding the acquisition of Evidence Inspection Technologies division that we announced on January 13. Which is expected to close in the first half of the year. During the year, we repurchased nearly $1.1 billion of our shares and paid $140 million in dividends. As a result of our performance in 2024, and our confidence in the future, our Board of Directors approved a 25% increase in the quarterly dividend and in early December increased our existing share repurchase authorization by $1 billion. We continue to allocate capital in a disciplined way to maximize returns of our shareholders. Moving to Slide 16. I would like to touch on the progress we made against our Integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization initiatives. With regards to Integration 2.0, recall that this was a restructuring program that anticipated one-time expenses of between $135 million to $165 million that would yield an incremental $75 million to $90 million of run rate cost savings by the end of 2025. With the program to date restructuring expenses of $146 million, we achieved $87 million of run rate savings as we exited 2024. And we now expect $97 million of run rate savings as we exit 2025 at an estimated cost of $161 million. Regarding our portfolio optimization initiative, we have executed against all planned dispositions of the non-strategic product lines that were identified to help improve our focus and profitability while reducing manufacturing complexity. Under the program, we have incurred $56 million of expenses versus an expected $85 million. Overall, we could not be happier with the progress our team has made against our Integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization goals. It helped position Wabtec to realize the multi-year margin expansion that Rafael mentioned earlier. Now moving to Slide 17 to quickly recap the year. Overall, the team delivered a great year for all our stakeholders. We drove revenue growth of 7.3%, expanded our operating margins by 1.9 percentage points, generated robust cash flow and grew adjusted EPS by 27.7%. The resiliency of the business and strong execution provides us with a solid foundation for profitable growth as we enter 2025. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Now let's turn to Slide 18 to discuss our 2025 outlook and guidance. We believe that the underlying customer demand for our products and solutions continues across the business. Our international pipeline remains strong and our twelve month and multiyear backlogs provide visibility for profitable growth ahead. The team is committed to driving top line growth and margin expansion in 2025. With the factors in mind, we expect 2025 sales of between $10.7 billion to $11 billion which is up 5% at the midpoint from last year. And adjusted EPS to be between $8.35 and $8.75, up 13% at the midpoint. We also expect cash flow conversion to be greater than 90% despite delivering 117% cash conversion in the prior year. I'm confident that Wabtec is well positioned to drive profitable growth and maximize shareholder returns in 2025 and beyond. And because of our confidence in the future, I'd like to take the opportunity to update our long-term guidance. Moving to Slide 20, let's discuss our new five-year plan in more details. Over the last three years, we executed our previous five-year plan ahead of expectations. We generated strong cash flows and applied that cash towards maximizing shareholder returns. We strengthened the balance sheet and invested in the business for future growth. Looking forward, our priorities and our value creation framework remain unchanged. As we look forward, our team will continue to leverage our leadership position. We expect to grow our business faster than the industry and to deliver mid-single digit organic top line growth. We are committed to driving over 350 basis points of margin expansion and we expect to achieve double digit EPS growth over that period. Finally, we also expect to generate strong cash flow that will average greater than 90% cash conversion through 2029. Now let's move to Page 21. Let's spend a minute to discuss what we expect to achieve in terms of organic revenue growth and incremental margin expansion over the next five years. Starting with revenue growth. We expect our revenue to grow at an average annual growth rate of mid-single digits. We see three drivers to reach this mid-single digit growth. First is the underlying industry's organic growth rate in the low single digits. Second, North America has one of the oldest suites in the world. This combined with growing international opportunities will drive locomotive and modernization sales over the next five years. Finally, the innovation that we provide to our customers enhances life cycle value by driving improved efficiencies and ultimately delivering an attractive return for their investment. Next let's talk about margin expansion. As mentioned earlier, we see even more cost opportunities in the next five years than we did three years ago. Through our strong focus on simplification and continuous improvement, combined with capital investments in high return projects and pricing for value, we expect to drive margin improvement of greater than 350 basis points over the next five years. Moving to Page 22, I'd like to discuss our new Integration 3.0 and portfolio optimization initiatives as they enable us to the greater than 350 basis points margin expansion. As we have discussed, Integration 2.0 was a success and we have momentum as we move into our Integration 3.0 initiative. The details of this effort are seen on this page and will focus on simplifying, streamlining and consolidating our operations. To achieve these goals, we will take what we learned from our first program and leverage our strong execution and continuous improvement mindset to deliver on a goal of between $100 million to $125 million of additional run rate savings by 2028. We're also announcing today our second phase of portfolio optimization. We will continue to prune product lines that are not a strategic fit. By exiting those product lines, we will improve our focus and profitability while reducing manufacturing complexity. Sales from these product lines totaled about $100 million sales in 2024 and represented a lower-than-average margin profile. Now let's wrap on Slide 23. As you heard today, our team continues to deliver on our value creation framework, thanks in large parts to our resilient installed base, world class team, innovative technologies and our continued focus on our customers. With solid underlying demand for our products and technologies, and rigorous focus on continuous improvement and cost management, we feel strong about the company's future, thereby maximizing our shareholders' returns. With that, I'd like to thank our team for their great work this year and their continued commitment to drive top quartile returns. I will now turn the call over to Kyra to begin the q&a portion of our discussion. Kyra?
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, thanks. I actually wanted to start one out with a strategic question on your long-term framework. Just for clarity, you have 350 bps now. I think it was 275 at the midpoint on the last framework and the base year is updated, right, from 22% to 25%. So, you sort of stack the margin improvements from that period along with the 350 versus the 275. That's one question. And then more strategically, you look at that walk on Slide 21 and you have 80 bps, 85 bps of margin expansion from revenue growth. I guess that's where pricing is embedded. I'm not sure if that's all pricing. And so how are you thinking about your pricing power strategically? Do you feel like that's fully embedded in the guide? Do you have room to flex? I'm just curious about anything about pricing. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Rob. Good morning. Let me start and then I'll pass it on to John here. But I'll start with fundamentals of the business are strong. We finished '24 with every single one of our businesses driving profitable growth. Orders in '24 were 20% higher than 23 and we have strong coverage going to 2025. The quality of our backlog has continued to improve. I'd say there's a sense we can drive further simplification cost out across the business. The momentum is there and this will drive another cycle of profitable growth for Wabtec. I think we've got a portfolio that's well positioned to provide customers a significant payback. We're seeing fleets are old. So, we have here a significant opportunity to continue to price for the value that we deliver out there. And we continue to expand that visibility in terms of coverage. The coverage for this year is aligned with the coverage we've had for the previous three years. And as we provide this guidance, we see us starting some of that really margin expansion stronger by ahead here of the first year. John?
John Olin: Rob, let's talk about margins in the long-term plan. So, you're absolutely right. When we look at the first five-year plan that we kind of truncated at three years, we were expecting a midpoint of 275 basis points. We overachieved that in a three-year period of time versus the five. And now we're looking to deliver another 300 more than 350 basis points for the next five years and that's using 2024 as the base, Rob. I think the biggest point here is to point out that we see more opportunity today than we did three years ago in terms of our ability to grow margins. We've got a lot of experience with it and we see more of that opportunity now that we've been through the last three years. So, we feel real good about that. Rob, you asked a little bit about how we're going to deliver the 350 basis points. You started out with -- on the pricing, but I'd like to go back and talk a little bit about the cost side, is when we look at it, the way we're going to do it is similar to the way that we did the first 300 basis points over the last three years. Is about two thirds of it is going to be driven by our focus on cost management and that comes in several flavors. One you're very well aware of and that's Integration will now be 3.0. As well as continuous improvement and our further propagation of lean throughout the organization. And then finally, we get the absorption benefit and we also expect SG&A to grow at a slower rate over that period of time than our revenue. So, that leaves the other third. And I would say, Rob, that the other third is really driven by innovation. And our ability to continue to innovate and bring products out to our customers that will drive value for them and a return on investment that they're looking for. And with that, it allows us to drive increased value. And what we would call, Rob, is pricing for value. The other part of pricing is really cost recovery from inflation. And as we've talked about, a lot of that is automatically built into price escalators that we have across over 60% of our revenue. So again, we feel real good about where we're at today. What we see today versus what we saw three years ago and our ability to drive over that 350 basis points in the next several years.
Operator: The next question comes from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Angel Castillo: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my question. I wanted to just maybe go back to when you think about the kind of margin opportunity to focus more so on the plus side. What kind of leverage do you see or buckets to kind of drive incremental upside? I know it's early, you just announced the $110 million to $125 million, but just to the extent that you see incremental opportunity as you noted to drive more margin expansion? Can you just kind of lay out those buckets for us?
Rafael Santana: Andrew, let me just start with the strong pipeline of opportunities we have, which really provides not just strong coverage in 2025, but really strengthening the visibility beyond that. As you saw, I mean, in the fourth quarter alone, we've got over $1 billion of orders for new locomotives and modernization. So, that demand continues. International growth, it's really a very strong market for us. We're winning, were winning in Africa, winning in Kazakhstan, in Brazil, in Chile and Australia, and we're continuing to drive momentum, a lot of that growth especially on international strengthens the visibility here into 26, '27 and moving forward. In North America, we continue to see demand on the new locomotives and mods. Our customers continue to invest for improved costs. North America is sitting on one of the oldest fleets for relevant markets we serve. And the need to invest here for continued reliability and reducing cost is there. I think the other piece is the quality of the backlog. It's stronger. I think the margin rate in the overall business will benefit from that. On the top of that, you add the fact that I mean we've really been keen on driving lean efforts, cost actions driven by simplification. John spoke about like really renewed and stronger sense of cost out opportunities. And with Integration 3.0 and portfolio optimization, I think this will drive another cycle of significant profitable growth for Wabtec. So, with that, we'll continue to see variation on quarters, but we see strong progress and momentum continues.
Angel Castillo: That's very helpful. And maybe just to clarify on the strong North America locomotive demand. Are you seeing any step change in terms of the activity or desire to kind of replace equipment there? And the 1% to 2% is that the renewal, is that just basically a continuation of what you've seen in the last couple of years? Or do you anticipate it returning to kind of historical levels of replacement?
Rafael Santana: Let me be just very specific there. If you look at some mods and new locomotives combined, that's still growing at high single digits as we go into 2025. I think what it changes there is really some customers that are investing now and investing for new, but that's not a change from going from mods to new, it's really an element of when customers buy in the volumes they are in that context. So, the combination of both for North America continues to grow in the high single digits. In terms of, as I look forward, we're continuing to invest in technology. As John described, what he saw in terms of the modernization of the FDL Advantage of locomotives. You got to see a bigger and better value proposition going to the EVO platform, which you're going to get like up to 7% of fuel efficiency. So, we see that as an opportunity to actually continue to build momentum there.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just kind of turning a little bit to digital. Your outlook contemplates slower demand in North America. Maybe just what the feedback has been on digital and why North America has been softer here? And what can drive this market for long term growth?
Rafael Santana: Yes. Well, first, I think a strong close for our business. As I think about how we've really been churning that around with a softer North America market, but I think we've continued to talk about stronger international demand. The business closed the year with $1 billion in orders, that's one of the strongest in the last five years. And we see higher demand for onboard locomotive products, digital mining technologies despite the softer demand in North America. And we continue to see a pipeline here with higher demands from international and that's both PTC, the onboard locomotive products. And when you think about it, the softer demand in the US, is really the discretionary element of OpEx. And some of the impact we've had from the computer signaling business. I think recurring revenues and short-term convertibility continue to be the focused area. But this business has really grown profitably last year and it's off to growing profitably again in 2025. So positive dynamics there, international really leading the growth here.
Saree Boroditsky: And maybe just a little bit of freight margins. You have been guiding them weaker in the fourth quarter. So, I guess it's not that surprising, but it does fall really strong results in the first 9 of the year. Can you just talk about how you think about the step up in freight margins since the first quarter and full year 2025? And how do you think about mix given the expectation for higher new locomotive shipments and lower mods?
John Olin: This is John. Saree, I'm glad you pointed out. We've certainly been kind of following along in the cadence of the year that we expected and that had a fair amount of the profitability in the first half of 24. And so, as we get through the fourth quarter, it's exactly what we expected. But, Saree, I would also encourage everyone to divorce kind of the financial growth from the underlying momentum. The underlying momentum as we exit the fourth quarter is very strong. And with that, it gets back to your question with regards to kind of where does margins go from here? We finished this quarter at what 16.9% We would expect that to pop back up. Remember why the margin is down this quarter, again it goes back to that cadence as we pulled forward a fair amount of mix with our production schedule into the third quarter and into the third quarter and out of the fourth quarter. So, we saw that sequential decline from the third to the fourth quarter, which we expected. And we would expect that to pop back into the first quarter of next year.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Good morning. So, I want to talk about the 2025 outlook, not the five year, which I think you've delved into a bunch. But maybe the upside downside given the range you've talked about and given the 12-month backlog, I think you said just over $7.5 billion which is now about I guess 70% of the midpoint of your revenue range. Maybe talk a little about those the upside downside of that? And then just on the last question, maybe the move to smooth out your base through the year. You just gave kind of 4Q, 1Q thoughts, should we see a more level throughout the year? Or do you still have kind of anticipated dips in any given quarter based on that mix flow? Thanks.
John Olin: Hi, Ken. This is John. Let's start with the cadence of our earnings next year. And I'm glad you pointed that out, is we spent a lot of time and energy in 2024 kind of level loading our factories more for, in particular mods and locos. And we did a great job and the operation team did a fantastic job. So, what does that mean going forward? As we look at the cadence of revenue kind of first half, second half of 2025, we would expect that growth to be very equal or balanced between the first half. We're always going to have variation, but we would expect a very balanced level of revenue growth. When we look at earnings, earnings are going to -- first half is going to be more tempered. The growth will be more tempered in the first half than the second half. A couple of reasons for that as we look at a year ago, we had very strong margin growth in the first half of 3.1 percentage points and 0.8 percentage in the back half. And the second reason is, as we look at our programs, such as Integration 3.0 and other productivity programs, we'll see that continue to build margin throughout the year. So, again first half, we'll see growth but more tempered than the second half. When we look at the first quarter, you should expect first quarter margins to be in line with what they were a year ago. And again, going back to Sarees question that we'll see margins on a sequential basis rise quite significantly between the fourth and the first quarter.
Ken Hoexter: Great. And thoughts on the backlog versus the total? I guess the upside downside right in terms of your backlog is about 70% of the total. So, maybe your thoughts on what's the upside downside to that?
John Olin: Yes. So, with the coverage, well, number one, the 12-month backlog, we feel very good about as we look forward. We're at 5.5% on a comparable basis of that backlog. 72% of that, Ken, is kind of set in orders, right? So, that will provide some of that stability against that and some of the variation that we could have in that number. The other 28% is our flow business, right? And we've got various things that flow through that business. And when we look at the big piece or a part of that is the freight car build. And with that, we expect in the industry, expecting that to be down a little bit. So, a little bit of headwind there. And there may be some variation depending on how the car build comes out. The other part of the flow business is largely in various aftermarket parts and whatnot and we expect growth out of So we feel very good about the guidance that we put out there in the midpoint, which is around 5%, but we're going to see normal variations, but we feel real good with the backlog that we have as we move into 25.
Ken Hoexter: And can you just clarify, did you exclude the Evidence Inspection revenues or the acquisition from your outlook as well?
John Olin: Yes. Thanks, Ken. Evidence is not included in the guidance that we provided this morning at all. There's nothing in there. What we will do is we will update our guidance after we close on that transaction and we would expect that to be probably toward the latter part of the second quarter. With that, you could expect a fair amount of adjustment in revenue, because the asset that we're buying in 24 has revenue of over $430 million. So, we get about a half a year in there, plus the growth on that. In terms of EPS, Rob, wouldn't expect that much growth, right? The first year, the fair amount of interest. We're very pleased with the transaction and that we'll have a treat EPS in the first year, but even more so in the first half. But again, that will be more of a slight increase to EPS.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. Rafael, John, if we could dig a little more into the revenue growth side. So, in the fourth quarter, it does look like organic growth decelerated a bit here. When we look at that deceleration, is that just pricing growth slowing as we lap inflation or kind of what was behind that in the fourth quarter? Then similarly, I know you just talked about the backlog, but ending the year up 3%, another bit of a decel. Is that you guys walking away from lower margin business? Rafael, you mentioned that quality has improved. If you could just expand on maybe why that has slowed and what you think the right level of growth should be if we were to ex out some of those factors?
John Olin: I'll take the first part. With regards to the revenue growth slowing in the fourth quarter, we are not seeing revenue growth slowing. We're not seeing the business momentum slowing. What we're seeing is simply the cadence of how we have produced our products. In particular, the mods and locos on production and delivery. And so, all of those were expected, actually they were expected four quarters ago when we knew what we were going to be producing in the fourth quarter of this year. So, what you're seeing on our top line growth is simply the sales that we have off the production largely on mods and locos. But the underlying momentum of the business has been very consistent throughout the four quarters that we have and we feel real good about that moving into next year. And those lead indicators of future growth are the backlog that you mentioned. And the headline is at 3% but the underlying comparable growth is at 5.5% That's right in line with what we would expect at this point of the year. And going back to the comments that we talked about in terms of coverage. We've got a strong coverage that's very comparable to the way it has been the last three years. So, that gives us a lot of confidence as we move into 2025. And as Rafael had mentioned, the orders were up 19.7% this year. So, that gives us that forward looking momentum. And as we mentioned in the key highlights, we had over $1 billion of mod loco orders in the fourth quarter alone. So, everything's moving in the direction that we would expect to continue on with that underlying momentum that is growing in that mid-single digit range regardless of what you're seeing in the fourth quarter with regards to the kind of the accounting view of what we shipped versus what's gotten being consumed.
Rafael Santana: If you take a little bit of the view on the specific businesses, yes, as per my comments, the backlog, the margin keeps improving there. And it's really across the board. Take transit, I think early last year I got a question on was there still room to improve margins. So that goes with 90 basis points of margin improvement last year. Growth was maybe a bit ahead with 6%. We'll continue to be prudent there and selective, but the team is off to another strong profitable growth year in transits. You look at digital, the strength is there in the orders despite of the volume last year, which was still slight graph, a significant margin graph and that team has got a die on the ball there. On the service front, locomotives are running. They are running hard. We have over 18,000 locomotives connected. So, we understand that very well. It's reflected in both the parts that we sell. It's reflected into the maintenance service agreements and that's well above the graph that you saw for the total business. Last year, so it was strong there. International fleets are growing. I think we've highlighted before 4.5% CAGR there. So, that's a positive. I think the only change there was really the combination of mods and CapEx there. And even components with all that pressure, we saw business that grew last year. The team continues to really balance the business based on the realities they face. And we're going after another profitable growth year on that business despite the market pressures. So, all in all, I think really strong momentum and the business is ready to really drive another strong and significant profitable growth cycle.
Daniel Imbro: Thanks for that color. And then John, a follow-up or maybe I'll fill in the pricing strategy question earlier. You talked about pricing for value. I guess, as you increase the technology and you increase your differentiation versus peers, why would that not support just higher levels of organic pricing growth over time since the value you're adding is increasing? And then on the cost side of that equation, I guess, obviously, CPI and inflation remain stubborn, but what do you think is the right underlying cost level of inflation before the cost takeouts you're doing? But what is underlying cost growing at?
Rafael Santana: Okay. Let me unpack that in a couple of times. And first part is, when we say we price for value and piece of that is, you're improving the product. So, you're not delivering the same product you did in the previous year. And the value delivered there is really tied to, I'll call, the core fundamentals that drive return for our customers, which is better fuel efficiency, ready to haul more, reliability is up and that's why customers invest. It's not because necessarily we're seeing carload growth especially when you think in North America. And when you think of it internationally, it's just where the lifecycle cost of our products stands against competition. And really, I think its very positive to see. We're winning. We're winning really against various competitors that are out there and that's very positive. When you talk about inflation, and how we price there, John did mention the elements of our contracts and agreements having escalation. When you look at those escalation causes and efforts we do on driving productivity, cost out efficiency, designing for cost. We come ahead of inflation through that and we feel strong about continuing to do that. We've got a number of actions. As you see, based on the long-term guidance, we started very strong in terms of the margin expansion. We drive 425 and that's really just a function of the teams continuing to really go out there, identify cost out projects, simplify the footprint and we continue to build off of that. So, 350 basis points plus is really a direction here that the team now will continue to execute towards.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good morning, everyone. Can we just talk about the margin performance in transit fourth quarter? It tends to be your strongest margin quarter generally, but you folks delivered really outsized gains this quarter. How should we be thinking about the sequential cadence for that line of business in 25 and then relative to the 350 basis points that you folks laid out, do you expect outperformance in transit over that five-year timeframe relative to the 350 basis point total?
John Olin: Jerry, let me take the question with regards to Q4 margin performance and then Rafael can share more on kind of the move of transit into the future. You're absolutely right, Jerry. Businesses tend to have over time cadences and within our transit business, the Q4 operating margins tend to be higher. And that's partly due to the fact that some of our customers, a fair amount of customers are government or quasi government agencies and they get their budgets and they end up spending what's left and typically on higher margin products. So, that's why we see that. Having said that, the more important part of that discussion is the fact that we grew that by 150 basis points in the fourth quarter, up to 16.4% and the drivers of that Jerry were mix. Well, a couple fold. One was mix. And if you look on when we showed the aftermarket, aftermarket was up about 11.5%. And while OEE was still up a good amount, where you'd see some of that selectivity that Rafael talked about very favorable mix dynamics. And so that pushed the margins up and part of that 150 basis points was due to that. The other is, has been what we've been talking about for some time on Integration 2.0. We're in that ramp, that really that sweet spot of the ramp and about two thirds of that is lodging in the transit business and we're enjoying that margin lift, which certainly will hold as we move into the future.
Rafael Santana: Teams are continuing their significant work to simplify the footprint and further improve margins. The business is becoming more and more competitive. As described before, I mean, we're going to continue to see variation quarter to quarter. As John mentioned, it could be mix, it could be timing of projects. We'll continue to be selective about growth in the segment. But this team is committed and they are continuing to take action and you're going to see some significant profitable growth again in 25. The backlog is stronger. The business is on track to full year margins and this will benefit from Integration 3.0, portfolio optimization and wealth book to bill was positive as well as we close the year. So, we're continuing to execute the playbook for that business.
Jerry Revich: Can I ask you on services, the seasonality has been a little bit different in '23 versus 24, can you just talk about the variation that we see quarter to quarter? What does that look like for the core services business if we were to strip out mods? Has that stayed relatively constant? And how are you thinking about '25 seasonality relative to '24? Again, just for services ex mods, just so we can see how the baseline is performing?
John Olin: Yes. When we look, Jerry, when you look at the core 80% of the growth or 80% of the business, that's our parts business. And that's got a very normal and more measured cadence to it. What you are seeing when you look at the numbers on a total services basis is some of that kind of rebalancing that we've done in particular between the third and the fourth quarter. So, that's driven by the other 20% which is our mods revenue coming out of services. As we move into the next year, we expect that underlying growth to be steady across the four quarters. However, we're still going to see variation depending on how we manufacture the mods. Overall, our manufacturing, when we look at combined with mods and locos, we would expect that to be very consistent. But we're still going to have times because we like to do customer runs as much as we can with the same product. We're going to see times that what we saw in the third and fourth quarter is where we'll see a little bit more flip flopping between the equipment P& L with new locos and the mods. But overall, the underlying piece is a consistent and well performing business.
Operator: The next question comes from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Rafael, earlier you talked about a high single digit contribution to growth this year from the combination of new locos and mods. Can you roughly break us out what that looks like between pricing units and how each are growing this year? And more midterm, I believe both of your largest mod contracts in North America are through the end of this year. Can you talk about where you are in the cadence of extending those agreements and how you feel about a steady to accelerating pace of growth in 2026 and beyond? Thank you.
John Olin: I'll start with, we've got active discussions with customers in North America for both new units and for mods. So, that's continuing and that's very much connected to what I described What you're seeing specifically going to '25, which is different than you saw is, I've got some customers especially on the new unit side, investing in a more heavy framework than on the mod side. So, it's less about specific customers shifting from one to the other than it's just an element of mix in North America. We continue to see strong interest there and that's really tied to the return they get on that investment. A piece of it is some of the elements of really just cost to operate the product, there are piece of also assets. If you think about the electronics and all these elements, so we see that demand continuing. Earlier on, I did mention and we talked about innovation. That's going to take it into the next level, especially as you start looking to modernizing the evolution fleet. And I did mention here fuel savings up to seven points. So that's very significant and that's where we're taking the business next. Now on the element of specific numbers, we have traditionally not commented on the number of mods or a number of new units, but the combination of both still translates into high single digit growth for this year.
Bascome Majors: And to your point of the Evolution fleet, where are you in the testing? How are the results? And when do you expect to launch that fully as a commercial product?
John Olin: So, we expect by the end of next year that to be fully commercialized. So, seeing really the full impact of that going to 27. So, product is currently being tested. We're expanding the number of units and really making sure that ultimately you translate the same reliability and availability of the products as we continue to really modernize the fleet that's out there. And continue to drive value for customers. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ivan Yi with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Ivan Yi: Yes. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. First on the long-term guidance, you're calling for 70 basis points of average annual improvement. Is that a good annual run rate target or is it more front end loaded or more back end loaded through 2029? Thank you.
John Olin: I'll start there. It's clearly more front end loaded. You see it always starting. The guidance for 2025 and it has to do with, again, this is a continuous improvement process So, the team has got a clear deck that's been operationalized. So, we translate into delivering on the guidance that has been provided, but that's a work that continues and we'll continue to expand on that deck of projects as we look into it.
Ivan Yi: Thank you. And then how much of your raw materials are imported? What impact would tariffs from Canada, Mexico, China and potentially other countries have on your COGS and ultimately your gross profit? Thank you.
John Olin: Yes. So, the tariff plan continues to be, I'll call, quite fullish. It's changing on a day-to-day basis. That's not included in our guidance. With that being said, over the past five years, we've successfully managed inflation. We've got tariffs as well, but while all that was happening with expanded margins. So, I think we've demonstrated and we continue to be committed on really on our ability to drive positive outcomes in very dynamic environments. So, while there could be an impact on any specific quarters as we've done before, we would expect to navigate these challenges over time in collaboration with various stakeholders with positive outcomes throughout.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hey, thanks for sticking me in. Rafael, with digital intelligence growth shifting towards international, how do you think about the market size for international digital? And can you talk about your penetration rate in North America versus international?
Rafael Santana: Yes. So, a couple of points there. Number one international, it's very significant. PTC is a very compelling offer. We're seeing customers really with a strong interest on that. We've got a number of discussions really going across all the geographies that I typically discussed here and we continue to see really momentum picking up there in terms of how you drive automation. With all that being said, and there's still, of course, more significant opportunity here, especially for adoption of the most, I'll call, traditional products that we have high penetration in North America, including Trip Optimizer and zero to zero and other things. One thing that we've really seen more recently in North America and really goes back to the last couple of weeks is I think we're seeing some positive progress And I think that's encouraging. I mean, we've seen really at least one waiver here going to the FIA, which is really a positive for us and it speaks to not just the safety plan for the railroads. It speaks to us ultimately continue to expand on that platform that we have. And in this case, is the Trip Optimizer Air Brake Control product, which is again a next step on that evolution of products that will allow customers not just to run it safer, it will advance also the elements of automation and ultimately efficiency for our customers. So, it's good to see that progressing after a couple of years.
Ivan Yi: So, do you expect the same progression that North America had, which is PTC's kind of the landing point and then you sell incremental technology applications? And if that's right, what is the long-term target for recurring revenue as you think about the legacy products and maybe include the inspection acquisition that you just did evident?
Rafael Santana: Yes, if you think about it, I mean, we started this journey on digital lawn and I'm not going to mix with that than at this point, we started really with recurring revenues below 20% business, I mean over this past horizon has really grown to be in the 30% range. And I think the goal there is to ultimately get to, I'm going to call a goal of 50% of higher. And that's going to be a function of more software services, which is very much connected. I mean, if you think about how the next generation of PTC and how that's being commercialized. If you think about a number of products that we can build on the top of that, which is speak to movement planner, it speaks to a lot of the automation, the railroads can do in terms of driving efficiency, in terms of driving, really I'll call ultimately, a lower cost into their operation. So, we're exactly on that path and that's the direction that business has got to go. I think as you look into some of the opportunities here for capital allocation, whenever we're looking at any element of M& A as we discussed before, digital is certainly an area that we look at it. And it's got a goal with the fundamentals that continue to make our business strong, which is high margin recurring revenues and a really significant graph ahead. All those elements will grow business with our end markets. Our business group will unlock significant opportunity from that business on serving end markets. And we've got significant opportunity here to leverage a lot of the capabilities we have in house.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Thanks for the follow-up question. Rafael, I guess the stock's bid down 8% this morning. Think there's a concern on the mid-single digit revenue growth outlook versus what you've been generating, which has been maybe closer to upper single digit or even double digit. So, did you take away this as a conservative outlook? Is it missing the opportunity on M& A. I think that's why you're getting a lot of backlog at 3% growth and questions on pricing. Maybe you want to just take an opportunity to kind of throw your thoughts on that?
Rafael Santana: Okay. So, two things. Number one, M&A is not being incorporated on this. I want to be very clear. I mean, we're looking at Australia as a function of what I call organic growth. So, I just want to start there. The second piece, which I think is also important not to be missed. We've continued to do our portfolio optimization. There is probably $100 million of impact that goes right into the top line. You're seeing it there. So, hopefully that's not being missed as well in that context. When we provide guidance, it's ultimately aligned to the operating plans we have from each one of the businesses and that's what guys -- to what we're providing as we said it, coverage is very much aligned with the coverage we've had last year. If you think about how we've guided for the year, I think we continue to have opportunities here to drive, I think increased share of wallet from our products and that's what our teams are really fighting to do every day. With that, we're very much committed to deliver on guidance we've provided, and as we look into the long-term guidance, we are starting that in an accelerated form and we have no intention to slow down in that regard.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kyra Yates for any closing remarks.
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Betsy, and thank you everyone for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Wabtec Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I now would like to turn the conference over to Kyra Yates, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kyra Yates: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtecs third quarter 2024 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastelers. Todays slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kyra and good morning, everyone. Lets move to Slide 4. I will start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the quarter and progress against our long-term value creation framework and then John will cover the financials. We delivered another solid quarter, evidenced by sales growth, margin expansion, increased earnings and strong cash flow. Sales were $2.7 billion, which was up nearly 4.5% versus the prior year. Revenue growth was driven by both the Freight and Transit segments. Adjusted EPS was up nearly 18% from the year ago quarter driven by increased sales and margin expansion. Total cash flow from operations for the quarter was $542 million. We continue to execute against our capital allocation framework to maximize shareholder value by investing for future growth and returning cash to our shareholders. The 12-month backlog was $7.6 billion, up 7.5%, signifying continued momentum and visibility across the business. And the total multiyear backlog was $22 billion. Overall, the Wabtec team delivered a solid third quarter behind an intense focus on execution. Looking ahead, I am encouraged by the underlying strength and momentum across the business and believe Wabtec is positioned for continued profitable growth ahead. Shifting our focus to Slide 5, lets talk about 2024 end market expectations in more details. While key metrics across our Freight business remain mixed, we are encouraged by the underlying momentum of our business, the continued strength of our international markets and the robust pipeline of opportunities across geographies. North American carloads continued to be up in the quarter despite this carload growth. The industries and Wabtecs active locomotive fleet was largely flat when compared to last years third quarter. Looking at the North American railcar build, last quarter, the industry outlook for 2024 was 38,000 cars to be delivered, which has now been raised by the industry sources to 41,000 cars, down from last years build of 45,000 cars. Internationally, we are seeing significant investments to expand and upgrade infrastructure, which are supporting a robust international locomotive borders pipeline. This is the strongest it has been over the last 5 years. In mining, commodity prices and an aging fleet continue to support activity to refresh and upgrade the truck fleet. Finally, moving to the Transit sector, we continue to see underlying indicators for growth. Ridership levels are increasing in key geographies, along with the fleet expansion and renewals. There also continues to be a strong push with regulation and customer initiatives on decarbonization and sustainable transportation solutions. Next, lets turn to Slide 6 to discuss a few business highlights. Last year, in the third quarter, we announced the signing of a strategic MOU with KTZ, the National Railway Company in Kazakhstan, for over $2 billion. Since that time, we have worked to finalize orders associated with that MOU, a multiyear new locomotive order with KTZ for $405 million. These locomotives will provide the efficiency, reliability and operational savings to effectively support the growing demand on the Trans-Caspian international route that connects China to Europe. Moving to North America, we secured the long-term parts agreement with a Class 1 railroad for over $300 million. In Transit, we signed a contract for $70 million with Siemens Mobility to supply passenger information systems for 90 Munich S-Bahn trains. And earlier in the quarter, we expanded our service contract with Indian Railways for another $30 million. This agreement expands Wabtecs locomotive service capabilities into the southern part of the country. All of this demonstrates the underlying strength across our businesses, the teams relentless focus on execution and the strong pipeline of opportunities, which we continue to execute on. With that, I will turn the call over to John to review the quarter, segment results and our overall financial performance. John?
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael and hello everyone. Turning to Slide 7, I will review our third quarter results in more detail. Our third quarter results played out largely as we planned with revenue and better than expected with our operating margins. As we discussed in the last quarter call, we expected both revenue and margin growth to be higher in the first half than in the second half, with the second half growth to be at a much more tempered pace than we experienced in the first half. We also noted during the last call that within the second half of this year, we expected the third quarters growth to be greater than the fourth quarters growth. This is still the case. Sequentially, we expect margins in Q4 to come down from Q3, driven by the reverse of what we saw in Q3 regarding business group revenue mix. In Q3, we saw robust services growth, which comes at a higher margin while the equipment business, which comes at a lower margin, was down versus prior year. This was largely a result of the timing of our production between new locomotives, modernizations and engine overhauls. In Q4, we expect a significant mix headwind, which will temper Q4 adjusted operating margins to be modestly higher than year ago levels. We expect double-digit sales growth in our Equipment Group due to increased locomotive deliveries, while services sales are expected to be down double-digit on a year-over-year basis, basically the reverse of our production timing in Q3. Sales for the third quarter were $2.66 billion, which reflects a 4.4% increase versus the prior year. Sales growth in the quarter was driven by both the Freight and Transit segments. For the quarter, GAAP operating income was $433 million. The increase was driven by higher sales, improved gross margin and an unrelenting focus on continuous improvement and productivity. Adjusted operating margin in Q3 was 19.7%, up 1.8 percentage points versus the prior year. This increase was driven by improved gross margin of 1.8 percentage points. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.63, which was up 22.6% versus the year ago quarter. During the quarter, we had net pre-tax charges of $18 million for restructuring, which were primarily related to our Integration 2.0 and our portfolio optimization initiative to further integrate and streamline Wabtecs operations. As you may recall, Integration 2.0 is expected to drive $75 million to $90 million of run-rate savings by 2025. And our portfolio optimization initiative will eliminate roughly $110 million of low margin, non-strategic revenue while reducing manufacturing complexity. In the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share, was $2, up 17.6% versus the prior year. Overall, Wabtec delivered another solid quarter, demonstrating the underlying strength of the business. Turning to Slide 8. Lets review our product lines in more detail. Third quarter consolidated sales were up 4.4%. Our quarter results were driven by growth in our services, digital intelligence and transit businesses, partially offset by our equipment business. Equipment sales were down 17.3% from last years third quarter. This decline was planned and driven by the timing of new locomotive deliveries. As mentioned earlier, we expect this to reverse in Q4, with equipment sales expected to be up double-digit. Component sales were up 1.0% versus last year due to higher international freight car sales and industrial product growth, which was offset by lower North American freight car build. The industry is forecasting the 2024 Freight car build to be down 9% from last year. Digital intelligence sales were up 12.7% from last year. This was driven by growth in our international sales of PTC, next-generation onboard products and digital mining products. Our services sales grew 16.5%. Sales growth was driven primarily by higher year-over-year modernizations and overhauls. As mentioned earlier, we expect the timing of our mods and overhaul production and deliveries to reverse in Q4 resulting in our year-over-year service revenue to be down double-digits. In our Transit segment, sales were up 9.6%. During the quarter, we saw our OE revenue grow 13.3%. On a constant currency basis, sales grew 8.4%. The momentum in the Transit segment continues to remain positive as secular drivers such as urbanization and decarbonization accelerate the need for investments in sustainable infrastructure. Moving to Slide 9. GAAP gross margin was 33.0%, which was up 2.0 percentage points from the third quarter last year. Adjusted gross margin was also up 1.8 percentage points during the quarter. In addition to the higher sales, gross margin benefited from favorable mix between business groups. Mix within the Freight segment was better than expected due to growth in our services business behind the timing of mods and overhauls in the quarter, partially offset by a planned decline in locomotive production and deliveries. Foreign currency exchange was a slight headwind to revenue as well as gross profit and operating margin in the quarter. During the quarter, we also benefited from increased productivity and the benefits of our Integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization efforts as well as lapping last years Erie strike that ran through a portion of the third quarter of 2023. Our team continues to execute well by driving operational productivity and lean benefits. Now turning to Slide 10. For the third quarter, GAAP operating margin was 16.3%, which was up 1.8 percentage points versus last year. Adjusted operating margin improved 1.8 percentage points to 19.7%. GAAP and adjusted SG&A and engineering expenses were up versus prior year, but largely flat as a percentage of revenues. Engineering expense was $50 million, slightly lower than Q3 last year. We continue to invest engineering resources and current business opportunities. But more importantly, we are investing in our future as an industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customers productivity, capacity utilization and safety. Now, lets take a look at the segment results on Slide 11, starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales were up 2.6% during the quarter. GAAP segment operating income was $390 million for an operating margin of 20.2%, up 2.9 percentage points versus last year. GAAP operating income included $10 million of restructuring costs primarily related to Integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization. Adjusted operating income for the Freight segment was $467 million, up 17.6% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin in the Freight segment was 24.1%, up 2.9 percentage points from the prior year. The increase was driven by improved gross margin behind favorable business mix, strong operational execution, Integration 2.0 savings and as we lap last years manufacturing inefficiencies caused by the strike in Erie. At the same time, SG&A and engineering expense were slightly lower as a percentage of revenue. Finally, segment 12-month backlog was $5.59 billion, up 6.4% from the same period a year ago. The multiyear backlog was $17.76 billion, up 1.1% from prior year. Turning to Slide 12. Transit segment sales were up 9.6% at $733 million. When adjusting for foreign currency, Transit sales were up 8.4%. GAAP operating income was $79 million. Restructuring costs related to Integration 2.0 were $8 million in Q3. Adjusted segment operating income was $93 million. Adjusted operating income as a percent of revenue was 12.8%, up 0.3 percentage points. During the quarter, adjusted gross margin was down modestly behind unfavorable mix, partially offset by Integration 2.0 savings. Margins also benefited from SG&A and engineering expenses being lower as a percent of revenue. Finally, Transit segment 12-month backlog for the quarter was $2.04 billion, up 10.8% versus a year ago. Now, lets turn to our financial position on Slide 13. Third quarter cash flow was another highlight for the quarter, with operating cash coming in at $542 million. During the quarter, cash flow benefited from higher earnings and $95 million of higher securitization borrowings. We continue to expect greater than 90% cash conversion for the full year. Our balance sheet and financial position continue to be very strong as evidenced by: first, our liquidity position, which ended the quarter at $1.9 billion; and our net debt leverage ratio, which ended the third quarter at 1.7x, which was lower versus the same quarter a year ago at 2.1x debt leverage. We continue to allocate capital to maximize returns for our shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased $599 million of our shares and paid $35 million in dividends. With that, Id like to turn the call back over to Rafael to talk about our 2024 financial guidance.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Now, lets turn to Slide 14 to discuss our 2024 full year guidance. As you heard today, our team delivered a solid third quarter, which was ahead of our expectations. Consequently, we are increasing our previous adjusted EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $7.45 to $7.65, at the midpoint, up 27.5%. Our revenue and cash flow conversion guidance remain unchanged. Looking ahead, I am confident that Wabtec is well-positioned to drive profitable growth into 2024 and beyond. Now, lets wrap up on Slide 15. As you heard today, our team continues to deliver on our value creation framework, thanks in large part to our resilient installed base, world class team, innovative technologies and our continued focus on our customers with solid underlying demand for our products and technologies and rigorous focus on continuous improvement in cost management, consistent with our previous guidance, we continue to expect to drive mid single-digit organic growth while driving double-digit EPS growth through our planning horizon, thereby maximizing our shareholders returns. With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning. And Ill turn the call over to Kyra to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kyra?
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: Yes, thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And todays first question comes from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley.
Angel Castillo: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the strong quarter.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Angel Castillo: I wanted to maybe start on maybe preliminary thoughts. I know you wont necessarily provide guidance for 25. But just curious, as you see your backlog continuing to grow and you are getting these contract wins are turning MOUs to orders. What does that tell you in terms of preliminary thoughts on 25 in terms of price, volume kind of margins, at least directionally, any sense that you could provide based on your backlog?
Rafael Santana: Well, first, its certainly early to be providing guidance into 25. But the fundamentals for the business are strong. We are finishing 24 with really every single one of our businesses are growing. Year-to-date, orders are up double-digit. Profitability is up across the board as well. And Ill finish with consistent with what we have given on previous guidance we continue to expect to drive mid-single-digit organic growth while delivering double-digit EPS growth through our planning horizon.
Angel Castillo: Understood. And maybe switching over to Integration 2.0, I just wanted to maybe get a little bit more color on maybe whats the run-rate thus far versus that $75 million to $90 million target and just kind of how thats shaping out?
Rafael Santana: Great. As you know, Integration 2.0, I mean, as we came out of last year, savings were $22 million and we were looking to get to a midpoint of $82.5 million. So that leaves a ramp of $60 million over 24 and 25. And what Ill tell you, Angel, is that we are on track and actually exceeding our expectations a bit. Not only are we getting a little bit more than we anticipated, but its coming a little bit earlier. And we are really seeing that inflection in the third quarter. And as you see, we are raising our guidance. Part of that is driven by the over-delivery on Integration 2.0 in the third quarter and we expect that to kind of compound into the fourth quarter. So we feel real good about where were at today. Most of the spending is behind us. We finished the quarter program to-date with $140 million of spending. Thats on the low end of our range. We will have a little bit more spending to go, but tracking well on the expense side and I am a little bit ahead on the savings side.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies.
Saree Boroditsky: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. Maybe just kind of talking a little bit more about freight margins, obviously, very strong again at 24% better than your expectations. So maybe just walk through what drove the upside surprise? How much did mix contribute to this? And then just maybe a little bit on the sustainability at Freight margins at this level and how that sets you up for 2025?
John Olin: Saree, this is John. When we look at the margins up being up 1.8 percentage points, it was higher than our expectations and it was driven in two areas, Saree. Number one is on mix and the other is on cost. First, on mix, while we knew there was going to be favorable mix, because of the services production coming in at a higher margin at the expense of some of the locals produced in the equipment group that we planned on. What we didnt  was there was additional mix favorability in our overhauls, which come at a pretty good margin as well as in our mining business, we lean more towards the aftermarket in our sales in the third quarter than OE. And we were expecting a little bit more on the OE side. So, thats on the mix side. And we dont expect that to transcend from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. The second piece of it is on the cost side and there is two elements to that. One is productivity. Everyday, continuous improvement productivity was very strong during the quarter and we certainly got a nod to the manufacturing and the supply chain folks. They are running the system extremely well. And for that, we are getting rewarded on additional productivity. The second area on the cost side is what I just spoke to Angel about is the Integration 2.0 is coming in better and faster than expected. That  both of those cost items benefited the third quarter and will benefit the fourth quarter. And those two combined are  I am sorry, the mix and the cost combined is what got us the increase in EPS at the midpoint of $0.20. When we look now to the fourth quarter, we are going to see a reverse of what we saw in the third quarter between the production of mods, locals and overhauls. And with that, we expect in the fourth quarter that equipment will be up in the double-digits and services at a higher margin will be down in the double-digit. So, we are going to have a significant amount of mix pressure. And this is nothing new that weve talked about. The second half would be unfavorable in mix and this is whats going to drive it as the fourth quarter. And with that, we would expect overall margins to be higher on a year-over-year basis, but slightly and  but down sequentially by a fair amount as we move into the fourth quarter. Again, this has nothing to do with the underlying demand. Its really all about how we produce the year so that we could more level load our factories.
Saree Boroditsky: I appreciate the color. And then just one more, the Transit backlog grew in the quarter despite you focusing on some higher margin products projects there. Can you just update us on the margins in Transit that are coming into the backlog versus the current margins that are in the P&L and how that translates to Transit margin expansion?
Rafael Santana: Ill take this one. And Ill start with we continue to be pleased with the overall progress in the business. Our teams are continuing to really drive significant simplification on the footprint. They are further improving and sustaining margins. I think youre going to see variation quarter-to-quarter. Some will be driven by mix and timing of projects. But I expect Transit to continue to deliver on profitable growth. You asked about selectivity on projects, I think the best way for us to look at it is when we look at the profitability of the backlog, and thats up. So that business is on track to continue to expand on margins. And they are not starting as mid-teens and continue to improve from there. So we feel strong about the plan they have ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you. Congrats on the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Good morning. And Ill echo that great job building the backlog back and intra-quarter contract announcements. Can you maybe talk about the kind of  a lot of international announcements on some locomotives recently? Can you talk about the  how we should think about gross margins on international versus North American margins? I know you dont break it out by contract, but maybe just in general to understand the splits. And then just to clarify, John, when you mentioned service revenue down double-digit, is that balancing out the mods production? Is that why we are seeing that down so much?
John Olin: Yes. Starting with the first question, Ken, is we get the question often is international margins, whether international versus North America, it is really specific to the country and the contracts that we are working off of. And we have some international that are higher than North America, some that are lower, some areas that we are investing in, others that were not. So its not as simple as saying that international is this when we get revenue, its going to come at that margin. It really is with regards to the various contracts that we have. I think suffice to say that we couldnt be more pleased with the growth that we are having from our international business from a revenue perspective as well as a margin perspective. And our view across everything is how do we continue to deliver more value to our customers and get that built into our backlog as we go forward. The second question, Ken, is on the service revenue in the fourth quarter. Lets take the third quarter and the fourth quarter together. We  as you know, and you have been down to the facility down there, we do mods and locos on the same production line. So, we have level loaded those, but there is still  because these fall into different groups, mods falls into the service group and new locos falls into the equipment group, we are going to have some variation as to how we run the product. We typically like to run a customer order as much as we can together or consistently for the productivity and quality aspect of it. And it just happened in the third quarter that given the orders that we had, we produced more mods on a year-over-year basis and less new locos, and thats simply going to reverse in the fourth quarter. But with that, we are going to see that shift from more favorable mix in the third quarter to less favorable in the fourth quarter. But there is nothing more than just how we plan the production. There is nothing different with the demand for the products, just how we are fulfilling that demand.
Ken Hoexter: Okay. And just to understand the  whats left to shutdown on the portfolio optimization?
John Olin: So, we talked about this in February that we were going to do $110 million. A good portion of that is  well, its mostly all executed. We got a little bit more to execute in the fourth quarter and we will see the lower revenues, both in this year, 24, and some lower revenues into 25 as a result of it, but thats all tracking very well.
Ken Hoexter: Thank you. Thanks for the time.
John Olin: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc.
Daniel Imbro: Hey. Good morning everybody. Thanks for taking our questions.
John Olin: Hi Daniel.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: Rafael, maybe want to dig into international markets more specifically. It does feel like these contract wins are becoming more and more frequent. And the backlog you mentioned is growing. I am curious how we should think about why this is accelerating. Is it something you guys are doing differently? Is it just a maturation of those markets? And then understanding your answer to the last question that all countries are different, but is it fair to say that as you add density in these countries, incremental margins should improve as you add more scale and lever your cost there, or how should we think about that as you keep accelerating this international growth?
Rafael Santana: So, we  when we think about just the dynamics of the business, internationally growth really continues. So, I think we are bullish on key international markets. We have got some elements of projects taking place in Africa. I think you are going to continue to see some wins from us there. So, thats a positive. We are continuing to expand on the Caspian routes and demand continues there in Kazakhstan as well. And the good news on some of these projects, and I speak here to South America and Australia. I mean some of the discussions here go well into 26, 27. We are discussing locomotive deliveries into 28. So thats, I think a positive in that regard, and it comes down to the experience customers are having with our fleets driving both productivity, availability and reliability. So, we see that really continuing. Some of the investments we have done in technology, I think you are going to continue to see a significant opportunity here for us to actually accelerate some of the modernization, we will talk more about this early next year, but there is certainly an element of innovation on how we continue to drive that. We mentioned Kazakhstan. We talked about locomotive order what we often sometimes dont give the same emphasis is on the opportunity we have with digital here. And we are expanding on not just the Trip Optimizer, some of our kinetics products are being brought as well into this mix. We often talk about PTC thats, an area that we will continue to expand. So, we see it as a positive. And I think we will continue to see profitable growth there, some of those markets I mentioned. Our markets were more mature. So, we have got a lot of products that are really best-in-class to compete.
Daniel Imbro: Helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up, just on the balance sheet side. So, cash conversion this year has driven accelerated buybacks year-to-date in 24. But as we bounce low in the bottom of the freight market, has that brought any more sellers to market? And just curious how you are seeing the M&A markets evolve in terms of the targets that you are looking at and what you would like to maybe spend some of that cash on the M&A side. Thanks.
Rafael Santana: I think the best way to answer this is when we look at our capital allocation strategy, that hasnt changed, right. We continue to focus to be on making sure we are driving profitable organic growth for the business. We are certainly very much focused on M&A as well. When I think about the inorganic, this is the strongest pipeline we have had on M&A, and we will continue to look at us. We will be opportunistic here. And just a question of returns, the returns are there. We are going vast on it. If they are not, we wont be shy about doing share buybacks.
John Olin: And then, Ken, within the quarter, the $600 million that we repurchased is really a function of that cash flow you mentioned. We have had year-to-date cash of $1.1 billion and thats up over 100% versus a year ago. So, in the absence of M&A, which we would prefer, we returned the value to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases, and we couldnt be more pleased to do that.
Daniel Imbro: Thanks so much guys. Best of luck.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Bascome Majors of Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: Good morning. Yesterday, one of your Class 1 modification customers suggested, they were interested in either stretching out or reducing some of their locomotive CapEx near term. I wonder if you could comment maybe not specifically on that. But more broadly, are we at the point in the North American locomotive replacement cycle where thats kind of starting to plateau in the short-term and international is going to drive the bulk of the growth over the next 2 years, just any thoughts on that market? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: North America, we continue to see mixed. I mean you have got to be looking at specifics on customers here. But we continue to see demand. Thats for both new locomotives and for mods. I think our customers overall are continuing to invest if you think about customers investing. Its most of the time for improved costs, its for reliability, its for efficiency. Its not for car loan growth. Its not for necessarily revenue growth. So, thats where I think we are excited about. And coming back to some earlier comments I made is the opportunity we have here to continue to innovate and make sure that they are investing for a return at the end of the day, getting more efficient product that will help, improve their OR and improve the service levels in the railroad. Thats how we look at it at the end of the day, but you have got to really look at customer specifics here.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning everyone.
John Olin: Hi Jerry.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: Hi. I am wondering if we just talk about your receivables for a moment. So, really interesting, your total receivables, including securitizations are down mid-single digit year-over-year. Your top line on an LTM basis is up nearly 10%, thats a really significant improvement in DSOs. Can you just talk about whats driven that improvement? And how much more opportunity do you folks have to continue to drive DSOs lower?
John Olin: Actually, receivables on a year-to-date basis are up about 6.5%. I dont think you are picking up all the receivables there, but they are up 6.5%. But to your point, we have got  overall, revenue on a year-to-date basis, up 9.1%. And if you adjust for some of that the securitization, you would see the receivables more nearly matching the rate of the growth of the company.
Jerry Revich: Okay. I guess, John, maybe you securitize more than I thought in the quarter because a year ago, you were at $1.9 billion in receivables, including securitization, so you are saying you are up over that third quarter number because obviously, there is seasonality 4Q versus 3Q?
John Olin: Yes. So, for the securitization, we ended the quarter at $95 million securitized. And the reason we do that, Jerry, is its a lower cost of funds for us, and we would prefer to borrow with that, but we ended the quarter at $95 million. We started the quarter at zero. So that was a headwind  I am sorry, that was a benefit to our cash flow in the quarter of the $542 million. Now on a year-over-year basis, the receivables of the securitization borrowings are down quite a bit. They are down $140 million from where we were at the end of the third quarter last year. But within the quarter, it did provide some benefit to that cash flow number and the cash conversion ex the securitization would have been 106%.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Yes. Lets follow-up offline, because I am looking at it on a year-over-year basis. And separately, as we look back at your long-term plans, Rafael, you folks are well ahead of plan in terms of the margin performance for the organization. And I think you had spoken about a steady 50 basis points, 60 basis points per year margin improvement. I am wondering since we have already achieved the Analyst Day targets a couple of years early here. How are you thinking about the opportunity to continue to drive margin expansion at that same clip off of these levels as we think about the next 12 months to 24 months?
Rafael Santana: I think we have significant momentum here still. Our teams continue to simplify the business. They are driving continuous improvement actions across the business. And with that, I think we have the opportunity here to continue to drive margin expansion. So, margin rates in our overall business, I think we will continue to benefit from not just as lean efforts with productivity integration to that all. John mentioned portfolio optimization. So, I think we have significant opportunities here to continue to drive momentum and we are committed here to drive profitable growth as we go into 25 and beyond.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
John Olin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Robert Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: Hi there. Good morning guys. So, questions on backlog and pipeline. In the backlog, just to clarify, is the Kazakhstan order in the backlog number that you reported kind of on the slide for the quarter. And I dont know if you have the ability or willingness to say whether the big order you had in North American rail in July. It came into backlog at all this quarter much. I think its for 25 and 26 delivery setups in the 12-month backlog. And then Rafael, not to make you repeat your prepared remarks, but your thoughts on kind of pipeline preorders and where you stand after having had a bunch. I mean is that activity still as good as ever, or how would you characterize it? Thank you.
John Olin: Let me start with the backlog question. So, the $405 million, which is the first order we have received against a $200-plus million MOU that is in backlog for the third quarter. So, all the backlog numbers that we read to you is inclusive of that $405 million. We will continue to work on the rest of those orders and that will come over time.
Rafael Santana: With regards to, I guess the fundamentals of the business, I mean we are finishing 24 with, again, every single one of our businesses are growing. Orders are up double digits. The pipeline is strong. We feel especially strong about the international growth, some of the markets I mentioned here, and that all translates into momentum, not just it goes into 25 to 27. So, thats really a positive there for us. So, the pipeline is strong. And even in North America, as I have said, the demand is there, but customers are investing for return. And what makes me really feel positive about the momentum is that innovation. As we will talk to you in more detail and start of the year is the ability to drive that next level of efficiency into the existing fleets and making sure that customers are accelerating and improving their operating ratios through that process, improving productivity, availability and reliability of the fleet. So, all-in-all, as I have said, we continue to expect to drive mid-single digit organic growth while delivering double-digit EPS growth through the planning horizon.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you, Rafael. Excellent.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey. Thanks. Good morning guys.
John Olin: Good morning Scott.
Scott Group: So, I totally get there is quarterly volatility in mix, and its helping Q3 and hurt in Q4. When we think about  and again, I know its early, so it may be hard to answer. But like do you think  is there a reason to think 2025 in aggregate has either a mix tailwind or headwind, or is it more, hey, there is going to be some quarters it help, some quarters it hurts, but net-net, its not a big swing next year?
John Olin: Yes, Scott, it is a little bit early to talk about the components of 2025. We probably had more shifting  not probably, we have had more shifting in 24. We wouldnt expect as much activity from a production standpoint in 2025. I think the way to think about the overall margins are really where we are expecting or where we were guiding to, and thats how we will take into 2025 and work to improve against.
Scott Group: And then the $400 million were KTZ, the $300 million parts, any color on duration of those two contracts? And then just separately, I dont know if there is any update or anything you are hearing on car BPA worth highlighting. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Okay. The backlog of the $405 million KTZ order will be largely delivered over 25 and 26 timeframe. And the service agreement is a longer term. That will be over a longer term. I am not sure exactly how many years, but. On the EPA, Scott, we havent really had, I am going to call substantial change since we last talked. But I guess what we are saying is if you look at the heavy truck fleet, which is now really expected to have to drive 25% reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The EPA is also defined liquid hydrogen for internal combustion engines would be classified as a near zero or zero emissions. And we see that as a validation of the strategy we have pursued with really making sure our engines are ultimately agnostic, and we are able to run alternative gases like hydrogen, with biofuels, renewable fuels and we see that as a validation for really making sure we are the best-in-class product to help our customers achieve their goals on decarbonization in various parts of the world. So, the fuels that might be available in Brazil might be different than in California and other parts of North America. So, we see that as really a validation and we feel very strong about having the best-in-class products here to play given any regulation changes and things like that. So, thats a positive for us.
Scott Group: Helpful guys. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger: Hey. Good morning. Thanks. John, you said M&A was a preferred use of capital. As you look at the portfolio today, are you primarily focused on freight additions, or do you want to build out the transit portfolio, just  or is the overall strategy more opportunistic in returns based? Can you just talk about how you are approaching it?
John Olin: I think there is a couple of areas, Steve, that we are focused on. One is the digital area and others are near-in adjacencies. Of course, we are always interested in bolt-ons to our existing business. But other than that, it would be near-in adjacencies. And when I say near-in adjacencies think about things such as mining, right. We have got a good foothold in that market. L&M was a great example of a near-in adjacency that we did a year ago. And we had four key elements or vital organs to a mining truck, and now we added a fifth with the L&M acquisition. And then again, on digital, we have done a couple of digital acquisitions over the last couple of years. We would expect to see more.
Rafael Santana: Our focus here ultimately is maximizing returns, and we will be opportunistic, but just to add additional color here right recurring, high recurring revenue streams, bolt-ons, digital service related. Those are certainly, I am going to call the bulk of the preference that we have. And with that, I think we have a strong pipeline. Its making sure that ultimately, the best returns reside on those. And if not, making sure we are not only shy about returning to your share buybacks.
Steve Barger: Yes. And I think everyone would like to see more digital in the portfolio. And you had said that, that was stronger in international this quarter. Was that a one-off, or do you see the beginnings of a more consistent trend in digital internationally?
Rafael Santana: I think there is two elements there. I think we continue to see a softer North America market. Internationally, we continue to see gaining momentum there. PTC is certainly one of those products and the kinetics also portfolio is very strong there. But there is also an element within digital of making sure we move from what I will call one-time sales to more recurring revenues. So, thats the element of transformation about the business. I think we are happy to see the business has moved into growth since second quarter, but its an element of transforming that business and we are committed to it. We see it as a big element of driving efficiency, productivity. And we are seeing, to some extent, North  international markets as you think about the opportunity to automate and drive that, potentially gaining momentum ahead of North America given regulation and given some other things. So, its all-in-all, a positive, and we are highly committed to continue to grow that business.
Steve Barger: Great. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back to Kyra Yates for any closing comments.
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Keith and thank you everyone for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note that this event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Kyra Yates, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Kyra Yates: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtec second quarter 2024 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics, and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kyra. And good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 4. I'll start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the quarter and progress against our long-term value-creation framework. And then, John will cover the financials. We delivered another strong quarter, evidenced by robust sales and earnings per share growth. Sales were $2.6 billion, which was up nearly 10% versus prior year. Revenue growth was driven by strong performance from the Freight segment. And adjusted EPS was up 39% from the year-ago quarter, driven by increased sales and margin expansion. Total cash flow from operations for the quarter was $235 million. The 12-month backlog was $7.3 billion, and the multi-year backlog was $22 billion. Overall, the Wabtec team delivered a strong second quarter. With the first half behind us, we are focused on executing against our second half deliverables. Looking forward, I'm encouraged by the underlying strength and momentum across the business. Shifting our focus to Slide 5, let's talk about 2024 and market expectations in more details. While key metrics across our Freight business remain mixed, we are encouraged by the strength of our business, the strength of our international markets and our robust pipeline of opportunities across geographies. North American car loads were up 2.1% in the quarter. Despite this car load growth, the industry's active locomotive fleet was down when compared to last year's second quarter, while Wabtec's active fleet was higher. Looking at the North American railcar builds. Last quarter we discussed the industry outlook for 2024 to be about 36,000 cars to be delivered, which has now been raised by industry sources back to the original forecast of 38,000 cars. This is still down, however, from the 45,000 in the previous year. Internationally, we continue to see that significant investments to expand and upgrade infrastructure are supporting a robust international orders pipeline. In mining, commodity prices and an aging fleet are continuing to support activity to refresh and upgrade the truck fleet. Finally, moving to the Transit sector, the megatrends of urbanization and decarbonization remain in place, driving the need for clean, safe and efficient transportation solutions around the globe. Next, let's turn to Slide 6 to discuss a few business highlights. In North America, we secured a multiyear order for greater than $600 million. This is one of our largest orders for new Tier 4 locomotives ever. It demonstrates customer demand for a best-in-class solution to improve productivity, reduce fuel usage, improve reliability and to significantly reduce emissions. I would also like to share with you a key international services order, a 10-year agreement in Brazil for which Wabtec will manage the servicing of Vale's locomotives fleet to increase availability, reliability and safety. In Pakistan, we recently won a strategic order for 15 modernizations for Pakistan Railway. This is a great example of the opportunities that we have to modernize locomotives in our international markets. And finally, our Transit segment announced that our Green Friction braking solution is ready to begin commercial fleet operations in the Greater Paris metropolitan area. This innovative solution will improve air quality in the transit's authority tunnels and underground network by reducing particle emissions from braking by up to 90%. All of this demonstrates the underlying strength across our business, the team's relentless focus on execution and the strong pipeline of opportunities we continue to deliver on. Wabtec is well-positioned to continue to capture profitable growth with innovative and scalable technologies that address our customers' needs. With that, I'll turn the call over to John to review the quarter, segment results and our overall financial performance.
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael. And hello, everyone. Turning to Slide 7, I will review our second quarter results in more detail. Our second quarter results played out largely as we expected. We expected both revenue and earnings growth to be overshared versus our full-year growth expectations, but slightly tempered from our first quarter results. The primary driver of our first half results growing faster than our expected second half results is due to a shift in the combined production of our new locomotives and mods to the first half of this year from the second half, in an effort to more evenly load our manufacturing production across the four quarters. It is also important to note that we expect our second half revenue and margin to grow, but at a more tempered pace than we experienced in the first half. Within the second half, we do expect to grow revenue and earnings year-over-year in each quarter. However, we expect the third quarter's growth to be greater than the fourth quarter's growth. Sales for the second quarter were $2.64 billion, which reflects a 9.8% increase versus the prior year. Sales growth in the quarter was driven by the Freight segment, especially by equipment and components. For the quarter, GAAP operating income was $430 million, driven by higher sales, improved gross margin and an unrelenting focus on continuous improvement in productivity. Adjusted operating margin in Q2 was 19.3%, up 2.9 percentage points versus the prior year. This increase was driven by improved gross margin of 2.9 percentage points. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.64, which was up 54.7% versus the second quarter a year ago. During the quarter, we had net pre-tax charges of $6 million for restructuring, which were primarily related to our Integration 2.0 and our portfolio optimization initiative to further integrate and streamline Wabtec's operations. As you may recall, Integration 2.0 is expected to drive $75 million to $90 million of run-rate savings by 2025. And our portfolio optimization initiative will eliminate roughly $110 million of low-margin non-strategic revenue while reducing manufacturing complexity. In the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share was $1.96, up 39.0% versus prior year. Overall, Wabtec delivered another strong quarter, demonstrating the underlying strength of the business. Turning to Slide 8, let's review our product lines in more detail. Second quarter consolidated sales were up 9.8% as we expected. Our quarter results were driven by solid growth across all our business groups and further aided by a year-over-year increase in the combined new loco and mods as we have shifted our production and deliveries more to the first half versus the second half in order to more appropriately balance or level load our factories, thereby allowing us to be more consistent with our labor staffing, improve our quality and to gain manufacturing efficiencies. Equipment sales were up 36.4% from last year's second quarter, driven by robust deliveries of new locomotives and increased sales of mining equipment. Component sales were up 17.5% versus last year, largely driven by increased sales of industrial products, higher international sales and the acquisition of L&M in late Q2 of 2023, partially offset by lower North American railcar build. Digital Intelligence sales were up 2.1% from last year, where we continue to experience growth in international sales aided by higher PTC revenues, partially offset by lower revenues in our North American market. Our Services sales grew 2.3%. Sales growth was driven primarily by higher year-over-year overhauls and parts sales. Our customers continue to recognize the superior performance, reliability and availability of our fleet. In our Transit segment, sales were up 2.0%. During the quarter, we saw our aftermarket revenue grow 10%. On a constant-currency basis, sales grew 3.4%. The momentum in the Transit segment remains positive as secular drivers such as urbanization and decarbonization accelerate the need for investments in sustainable infrastructure. Moving to Slide 9. GAAP gross margin was 33.0%, which was up 2.9 percentage points from last year. Adjusted gross margin was also up 2.9 percentage points during the quarter. In addition to the higher sales, gross margin benefited from favorable mix between segments. Mix within the Freight segment was also favorable despite higher combined new locomotives and modernizations in the quarter. Foreign currency exchange was a headwind to revenue as well as gross profit and operating margin in the quarter. During the quarter, we also benefited from favorable fixed-cost absorption, increased productivity and benefits from Integration 2.0, as well as lapping last year's start of the Erie Strike in late Q2 of 2023. Our team continues to execute well by driving operational productivity and lean benefits. Now turning to Slide 10. For the second quarter, GAAP operating margin was 16.3%, which was up 3.4 percentage points versus last year. Adjusted operating margin improved 2.9 percentage points to 19.3%. GAAP and adjusted SG&A expenses were up versus prior year, but largely flat as a percentage of revenues. Engineering expense was $57 million, moderately higher than Q2 last year. We continue to invest engineering resources in current business opportunities, but more importantly, we are investing in our future as an industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customers' productivity, capacity utilization and safety. Now, let's take a look at segment results on Slide 11, starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales were up 13.1% during the quarter. GAAP segment operating income was $391 million for an operating margin of 20.4%, up 4.5 percentage points versus last year. GAAP operating income included $5 million of restructuring costs, primarily related to Integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization. Adjusted operating income for the Freight segment was $462 million, up 34.3% versus prior year. Adjusted operating margin in the Freight segment was 24.1%, up 3.8 percentage points from the prior year. The increase was driven by improved gross margin behind strong operational execution, favorable mix, Integration 2.0 savings, and as we lap last year's manufacturing inefficiencies caused by the strike in Erie. At the same time, SG&A and engineering expenses were lower as a percentage of revenue. Finally, segment 12-month backlog was $5.50 billion, up 4.0% from the same period a year ago. The multiyear backlog was $17.93 billion, down 2.0% from the prior year. Turning to Slide 12, Transit segment sales were 2.0% at $724 million. When adjusting for foreign currency, Transit sales were up 3.4%. GAAP operating income was $82 million. Restructuring costs related to Integration 2.0 were $5 million in Q2. Adjusted segment operating income was $91 million. Adjusted operating income as a percent of revenue was 12.7%, up 1.6 percentage points from last year, driven by Integration 2.0 savings and favorable mix. Finally, Transit segment 12-month backlog for the quarter was $1.83 billion, down 5.0% versus a year ago. The decrease on a year-over-year basis was expected due to our focus on being more selective on the orders that we add to backlog, thereby expecting to drive improved long-term profitability. Now let's turn to our financial position on Slide 13. Second quarter cash flow was another highlight for the quarter, with operating cash coming in at $235 million. During the quarter, cash flow benefited from higher earnings and improved working capital, partially offset by a reduction of $230 million of securitization borrowings. We continue to expect greater than 90% cash conversion for the full year. Our balance sheet and financial position continue to be very strong as evidenced by, first, our liquidity position, which ended the quarter at $2.09 billion. And our net-debt leverage ratio was 1.6 times at the end of the second quarter, which was lower versus the same quarter a year ago at 2.4 times debt leverage. We continue to allocate capital in a disciplined and balanced way to maximize returns for our shareholders. During the quarter, we purchased $200 million of our shares and paid $35 million in dividends. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rafael to talk about our 2024 financial guidance.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Now let's turn to Slide 14 to discuss our 2024 full year guidance. As you heard today, our team delivered a very strong second quarter, which was slightly ahead of our expectations. Consequently, we are increasing our previous adjusted EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $7.20 to $7.50 at the midpoint, up 24.2%. Our revenue and cash flow conversion guidance remain unchanged. Looking ahead, I'm confident that Wabtec is well positioned to drive profitable growth into 2024 and beyond. Now let's wrap up on Slide 15. As you heard today, our team continues to deliver value for our stakeholders, thanks in large part to our resilient installed base, world-class team, innovative technologies and our continued focus on our customers. Overall, we believe we have an opportunity to continue building significant long-term momentum with growth in equipment, services, components, digital solutions and transit systems. With solid underlying demand for our products and technologies and intense focus on continuous improvement in cost management, consistent with our previous guidance, we continue to expect to drive mid-single-digit organic growth while delivering double-digit earnings per share growth through our planning horizon, thereby maximizing our shareholder returns. With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning, and I'll now turn the call over to Kyra to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kyra?
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do, and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: And our first question today comes from Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Daniel Imbro: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking our questions.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: Rafael, maybe I'll start on the new locomotive side. I think you mentioned in your remarks that the $600-plus-million order, one of the bigger Tier 4 orders you've had in a while. It's coming over multiple years from the slides. Any color you can provide just on how many years that contract is, when it should start up as we think about modeling it? And then to clarify, was that included in the 2Q backlog or was that assigned July quarter-to-date?
Rafael Santana: No, that was not included in the previous backlog, so it's in the second Q backlog. The second piece is this is an order that will largely be executed between '25 and '26. And the other piece is I think it just speaks to the strength of our pipeline of opportunities. We continue to see good momentum there internationally and that expands really across different geographies. We continue to see it mixed in North America, but with opportunities here. We have a number of sizable opportunities that are being worked in the current pipeline. The current total backlog is healthy and overall it's a positive. We're progressing. We're continuing to grow and our pipeline supports it.
Daniel Imbro: Great. Really encouraging. And for my follow-up, John, maybe just something on the guide, if we can dig into it a little bit. I think you're expecting, you said, revenue and earnings growth in the back half. I think the previous assumptions had been that margins would moderate through the year, but it looks like sequentially revenue is relatively flat. So can you talk about maybe what's changing on the cost side? Are costs increasing to drive that sequential deleverage on the margin piece on the operating margin? Is there some conservatism in that? How are you thinking about the operating margin outlook for the back half of the year after a strong first half?
John Olin: Thanks, Daniel. And certainly, the last couple of quarters, we've talked about kind of our -- how our halves are going to unfold, and they're certainly unfolding the way we expected. And Daniel, that is with the first half having significantly higher year-over-year growth as well, I'm sorry, for both revenue and margin growth. Revenue was up 11.7% and margin up 2. -- or 3.2 percentage points. With that, we've also talked about the back half being up and growing in both those measures, but at a more significantly level -- tempered level. And the reason for that, Daniel, is what is driving some of the first half growth is not going to be there in the second half. So let's talk about a couple of those things. One is mix, and we talked about this on the last call. Our first half mix is a good tailwind for us and we expect that to turn into a slight headwind in the second half. So that's one of the reasons. The other is really around absorption, right, fixed-cost absorption. With the growth that we have in the first half, again, up being -- being up almost 12%, we are getting much more absorption on a year-over-year basis in the first half versus the second half. So again, that won't be there. Now there's some common things in there, right? Integration 2.0 is benefiting both halves at a similar rate. And we've got some one-time benefit both in the first half and the second half. But the answer is, is really on mix and absorption in the second half.
Daniel Imbro: Great. Appreciate all the color. Best of luck.
Rafael Santana: Thank you, Daniel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angel Castillo from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Angel Castillo: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one on the kind of revenue. You've kind of touched on it, but you didn't change that guidance and it sounds like there's some kind of mixed factors, some getting better. You talked about car loads and railcar deliveries, but just if you could unpack that a little bit more and maybe the thinking around keeping that unchanged versus the EPS guide?
Rafael Santana: Angel, we are tracking right on our revenue plan. We adjusted that in the first quarter, brought it up a bit largely for some of the things that we're seeing in the parking arena. That's right on track. Everything is tracking well. And I would kind of look at what we did in terms of EPS as fine-tuning the quarter. We brought it up $0.15 at the midpoint. Again, revenue is on track, but we did see a little bit of favorability in mix in the first half and the tax rate came in a little bit favorable. And I would say, Angel, that about, half that $0.15 is in the actuals in the second quarter and a little bit of favorability that we're expecting in the back half, and that is due to the same two reasons. Mix is going to be a little bit more favorable than we expected. However, still a headwind to the half. And then the tax rate is favorable. And we've also re-guided on the tax rate, bringing it down from 25 -- 25% to 24.5%. But, we're seven months into this thing and we feel very good about our overall guidance and how the back half is going to unfold and really in line with what we've talked about the last couple of quarters.
Angel Castillo: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then just given the level of conviction and optimism on how things are unfolding, your first half cash flow has been very robust and you have guided to continued expectation for greater than 90%. And I think second half typically is -- sees better kind of cash generation. So could you talk about just your thought process? You talked about kind of disciplined balanced capital allocation, but it seems like your cash flow generation should be quite robust and allow for perhaps a little bit more aggressive deployment of capital. So, if you could just kind of touch on that and your expectations for cash flow in the second half.
John Olin: Well, Angel, thanks for pointing out the very strong first half, much appreciated. Yeah, the first half was up $469 million on a year-over-year basis. And what we're seeing there and why we're seeing that is if you recall a year ago, our working capital was still rising as most industrial companies were because of the supply disruptions. And we had a little bit of added in there with regards to the inventory we were building on with regard to a potential strike at the time. So in the back half of last year, we brought that inventory down quite a bit. The team did a fantastic job on managing it back down after the supply disruptions. And so what we're seeing in the first half is really lapping that higher working capital, so we're seeing significant strength there. Overall, we are expecting the guidance that we've had of over 90% cash conversion and we're looking to continue to deploy that, Angel, as we've talked about in the past. We're going to favor M&A. And with the excess cash, we'll buy back shares.
Angel Castillo: Could you maybe expand a little bit on the M&A front in the pipeline and what you're seeing?
Rafael Santana: Let me take on that. I mean, we're continuing to be really looking at M&A. The pipeline is as robust as it's ever been. We're going to be opportunistic here. What's going to drive decision-making is really making sure that we drive higher ROIC for the business and faster profitable growth. But we're going to be opportunistic here. And as we continue to see opportunities to return value to shareholders through share buybacks, we'll do so. And we feel we're very well-positioned here to drive long-term profitable growth.
Angel Castillo: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bascome Majors from Susquehanna. Please go ahead with your question.
Bascome Majors: Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to start internationally. Can you expand some on the 15 mod orders you talked about from Pakistan Railway? What's the scale of that business? Where are you doing those modifications? And is there an opportunity to see either the installed base or breadth of geography that you can cover from those facilities to expand to something more like you see in North America over time? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So, we see a strong pipeline of opportunity internationally. When we talked about Pakistan, I think one of the things that we've talked about is the opportunity to continue to modernize the fleets that are out there. We often emphasize the age of the fleet, and we have continued to invest on significant innovation that allows customers here to significantly reduce fuel by upgrading those engines. They can improve both reliability and availability of those units through those. When you think about modernizations, we largely -- we have a kit thats shipped and we ultimately work with the customers on doing some of that internationally. But as you know, we have some of our locations around the world that we're very much equipped to do so, whether if it's in Brazil, whether if it's in Australia, whether if it's in Kazakhstan. And we'll leverage those as we work through. But I think what's exciting about the international opportunities, they're not concentrated in one single location. We're seeing our business be very competitive. If customers are looking for reliable, efficient power, if they're looking for value, we are seeing the business winning. I think we highlighted in the first half of this year, a significant order for us in West Africa. That's the kind of orders that's going to be executed in '26 and '27. So it's good to see the strength of international, especially I'm going to call -- bringing broader and broader visibility into conversion going out into '26 and into '27. So overall, I think good dynamics internationally, and we've seen that business grow between 4% and 5% -- our fleets grow 4% to 5% over the last five years and we continue to see good dynamics there.
Bascome Majors: Thank you for that. And to follow-up domestically, can you talk a little bit about the inquiry levels and discussions with your North American rail customers and specifically, how they're operating within regulatory uncertainty, both with who's going to be in the leadership in Washington and who's going to be in the leadership at the EPA come next year, and if it's just realistic for us to expect to not see extensions of some of the large multiyear orders that you've got in both the mod and new locomotive backlog until after we get into 2025 with a bit more certainty there? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: So I think we continue to see it mixed in North America. It's very customer-specific. So it really varies different levels of, I'm going to call fleet redundancy some customers might have or not. And I think you see that reflected on the significant order here we got in the second quarter. So it's customer specifics. I don't think -- when I think about what will make our customers invest, it's ultimately the value, the returns they obtain on really modernizing their fleets. What I'm happy to see is the innovation we're driving the business. A lot of the growth you saw here over the last few years, which was tied to the modernizations, largely connected to in a lot of ways what I'll call the 7FDL fleet, which is an older engine we have. We're doing the same thing now for the EVO engine. So in fact, we're going at the end of this year into really commercializing the EVO product, which will drive another five-plus-percent fuel efficiency and improvements for that fleet, and we're doing the same thing on Tier 4. So it's that continued innovation that's going to make customers come, modernize their fleets before they get to 25, 30 years of age. And that will drive both an element of a reduction in cost, which will improve OR on how they operate the fleets, but will also improve services with availability and reliability of those fleets. So all in all, I think we see strong coverage here as we progress forward for the business with the backlog we have.
Bascome Majors: Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saree Boroditsky from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is James on for Saree. Thanks for taking the questions.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: So I just wanted to follow-up on the Tier 4 locomotive orders in North America. What was the driver behind the customer ordering new locos versus modernization? And I believe Class 1s are generally fine with the number of locos they have, so I just wanted to understand like the conversation that you had with the customer and why they decided to go with the new locos. Thanks.
Rafael Santana: I think it's very much tied to, again, value. It's how customers see an opportunity here to improve both cost of operations, how they see the improved reliability and availability. So think about just the speed in their network, just think about the services levels that they're able to sustain. And with this specific fleet of Tier 4s, also the capability of taking what I'll call alternative fuels. That's a fleet that we have very much talked about the opportunity to take on not just biofuels, but also that's fleet ready to take on what I'll call a mix that could come with things like hydrogen and so forth. So those are some of the elements. In addition to that, I got to highlight to you the fact that -- I mean, you've got very much obsolescence taking on on older fleets, especially if you think from an electronics perspective and the challenge on maintaining some of those fleets over time. So I think very much aligned with the dynamics of customers investing to lower their cost, to improve serviceability. And in some cases, you'll also see customers with an opportunity to grow here. So those, I think, are some of the elements that will continue to drive demand from our customers in North America and everywhere else.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks for the color. And as a follow-up, I want to touch on the digital, like North America kind of remained weak for a while, while international kind of continued to show strength. Can you talk about when you expect North America to recover and the driver behind the weakness here?
Rafael Santana: Yeah. I think some of what you saw in the quarter, which is really, I think, ultimately connected to higher demand for what I'll call onboard locomotive products, we also saw a good demand on the digital mining technologies. I think ultimately those were and continue to be offset by lower sales in the North American market. I think in the second quarter, you saw that tick to a positive, so the business grew 2.1%. But moving forward, I think we're continuing to see here through the second half a pipeline, higher demand from international. That calls for things like PTC, the same onboard products that I discussed in mining technologies as well, but it continues a softer demand in the US driven by fundamentally what I'll call discretionary OpEx in that regard. With that, our businesses are -- or our teams are very much focused on making sure that we continue to drive order convertibility with recurring revenues. And I feel we continue to progress here to ultimately drive a growth here in '24 for this business.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning. One -- just one more on the guidance. So I totally get the first half, second half comps. I just want to sort of look a little bit more on just like on an absolute basis. So op margins were 19.5% in the first half. If we're looking at the model right and guidance right, it sort of suggests that margins go a little bit below 18% in the second half. And I thought the message was more, hey, we're smoothing out mods and deliveries. And so I think we're seeing the revenue smoother. I guess, why aren't the margins smoother? And ultimately, I'm trying to figure out, right, is there sort of upside to the -- to sort of the implied margin in the back half of the year?
John Olin: Yes, Scott, it's the same -- the same thing we talked about. It's mix, right? Mix is lifting it in the first half and is going to pull it down a little bit in the second half. And also the first half on that 19.3% is aided by a fair amount of absorption that we don't expect in the back half.
Scott Group: And so ultimately, when we start thinking about '25 margins, maybe it's just too early to go there, but like should we -- is there -- is the first half or the second half you think more representative of like what the business should be as on a go-forward?
John Olin: Well, I -- it's too early to get into what 2025 looks like. We'll certainly be looking at it from where we're launching in terms of the margin that we have at the end of the year. And, we have 27,000 people waking up every morning to improve upon that. And so, you know, we'll be in a position in a couple of quarters to provide guidance on that. But we -- you know, are -- believe we are in line with our long-term guidance as we move out of this year and I feel good about what's in front of us.
Rafael Santana: Scott, the only thing I'd add there is I think we have good momentum coming from lean initiatives with productivity, cost actions driven by Integration 2.0. I think you're going to see more on portfolio optimization. And while I think you're going to continue to see variation, whether if it's quarter-to-quarter, half-to-half, we are kind of continue to expand margins ahead.
Scott Group: Yeah, no, that makes sense. And then maybe just one follow-up, like, is price a bigger factor now than maybe it's been in the past, right? Obviously, really good Freight margins. Is price-cost a bigger tailwind than historically, and is that sort of a sustainable driver of further margin improvement?
Rafael Santana: Scott, we look at price very much connected to the level of differentiation and innovation that we bring into the business, which ultimately leads into value for our customers. And by driving value to our customers, we drive value for ourselves. And on those lines, we continue to expect to drive value for our customer share, which means, yes, we should be able to drive profitable growth ahead along those lines.
Scott Group: Okay. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
John Olin: Thanks, Scott.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone. I'm wondering
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: Hi. I'm wondering if you could just comment on the conversations that you've had with your customers since the Chevron case and any impact on how they're thinking about potential changes at the EPA and CARB. Can you just talk about what the flows have been since that ruling, if you don't mind?
Rafael Santana: Yeah. So based on that ruling, I mean we can expect here, I think, that federal agencies will receive less deference to their regulations when, of course, our considerate agencies are acting within the authority here granted by Congress, Jerry. But as courts take a more prominent role here, I think they'll certainly have an impact to regulations pertaining to rail. I think the way I would think about it, there's a -- it could go in different ways, but if you think about like the two-person crew mandate, I mean that's certainly one area here. And the other one is really associated with the CARB emissions through that. So I think those are things that are going to play out over time, but I can't say we have seen necessarily a change in customer behavior associated with those. I think those are fairly fluid and still playing out.
Jerry Revich: Got it. And then, you know, really outstanding margin performance, particularly in Freight. I'm wondering, can you just expand on the mix benefits that you alluded to? Because, to see that margin performance with service as a percent of total declining year-over-year really stood out, so I'm wondering what parts of that business drove favorable mix? And then from an efficiency standpoint, are you folks back at pre-COVID levels of labor hours per unit or however you measure it?
John Olin: With regards to the mix, Jerry, there's really three big drivers. And it's not only the second quarter, it's for the first half. And a lot of the favorability we're going to see in the first half is not going to be there or be a little bit of a headwind in the second half. The first area is in our equipment group, right? While the equipment group is a little bit lower than the average in terms of overall margin, we've had significant favorability. And that -- I'm going to take you back, Jerry, to an order that we had, an international order that wound up in the back half -- I'm sorry, the first half of 2023 that was very low-margin. And so in the first quarter, we're comparing against that and driving significant mix favorability. Again, that won't be there in the second half. The second area is with regards to our mining business. Our mining has been a good strong business for us and expected across the year. However, when we look at the production schedule, we are producing more OE in the first half and more aftermarket in the -- I'm sorry, more aftermarket in the first half and expect to do more OE in the back half. So that's going to turn from a tailwind to a headwind. And then the third area of mix favorability has been in our components group, driven by a couple of things. One is the international growth is greater in the first half. And within this product line, it's a higher margin. And then the second one is the cars that are being built for the railcar build, the orders that we got in the first half for specific cars are higher margin than in the back half. So the same thing there, we've got a benefit and then we're not going to have in the back half.
Jerry Revich: Got it. Thank you, John. And I apologize. The efficiency part of the question, are you folks back at the pre-COVID levels of efficiency at this point?
John Olin: The answer would be overall, yes. And I guess I wouldn't be thinking so much as pre-COVID, but some of the strike ramifications all behind us, all the efficiencies are back where we would expect within our plants. As a matter of fact, John -- Jerry, when we look at the first half of this year, the operation on -- the operations have run extremely well. The operations team has done an admirable job of kind of post-supply disruptions and the strike at Erie of really driving great productivity. And you're seeing that in some of that 3.2 percentage points of lift in the first half due to productivity.
Jerry Revich: Well done. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Good morning. Rafael, John, I guess just a real quick one, clarify that North American order, did you mention that was a Class 1 railroad? Just to clarify that. And then looking at the margin expectation slide, you've got North American locomotive still down, railcar deliveries below historical average, Wabtec's share going up. Thoughts on sustainability of that share gain? I know there was lawsuits a while ago to kind of target that. I guess just how that's proceeded as new orders have come in? And then is there anything post the Chevron doctrine in terms of discussions on shifting from new-builds to mods or any discussions on that at this point yet?
Rafael Santana: Let me start, and I'll pass it on to John here. But the only thing we mentioned about that order, that was a North American order. That's the only data we've provided. John?
John Olin: Yeah. And with regards to the -- I think the question, Ken, was the railcar and market share. So going -- taking you back to the first half of last year, the supply disruptions were still in full swing, and we took an inventory position on that and it paid off very well. We gained a fair amount of market share because of availability. And we've seen a lot of that share -- it's tempered a bit, but we've seen a lot of that share stick. And again, I think it goes to the value of our products and the kind of the full service and the way we look at things in supporting and supplying our customers. So again, we're seeing that benefit this year in terms of holding on to a fair amount of that share.
Rafael Santana: You're other question on the Chevron precedent. I think we're very much having robust conversations with customers about their fleet needs for the future. I can't say we have seen any major shift in the conversations either as a result of CARB regulatory process or the two crew -- two-man crew mandate.
Ken Hoexter: All right. And then just a follow-up on the backlog was up 4% in the 12 months, but down 2% long term. Anything -- is the thought here that we're at past peak in terms of building that backlog, or is that -- you're going to tell me it's kind of lumpy and it comes in different things like the $600 million order? Any thoughts on the scale and size of backlog as we look into next year and beyond?
Rafael Santana: So first, I'll start with the way we run the business is really looking at what I call coverage, whether if it's 12 months out, 18 months out. And our coverage at this point, when I think about the next 12 months is -- it's strong and it's really continued work from the business groups to make sure that we drive in that direction. All in all, I think the pipeline of opportunities is strong. We continue to expand visibility into future years, which once again reinforces, I think, our position to drive profitable growth ahead. Yes, there's going to be variation quarter-to-quarter, as you pointed out. We've seen that in previous quarters before. And it really comes down to the coverage we have.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Thanks, Rafael. Thanks, John.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Please go ahead with your questions.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks, and good morning, everybody. My question is on -- just a minor one on the front half, back half. John, you mentioned a couple of differences in mix between front and back half, which were helpful. Are you doing -- with the level loading, are you doing fewer mods in the back half than the front half? And is there any room for -- I think you mentioned 3Q a little stronger than 4Q. I don't know if that was absolute or year-over-year, but is there any room for fill-in in revenue still in 4Q?
John Olin: So number one, I think the question on mods, I would broaden that question, Rob, to looking at the combined production of loco and mods. So in the first half, that would be up well into the double-digits. And in the back half, it would be flat to down slightly. So again, that's that shift that's driving the revenue and all the absorption and all those types of things. But right now, more in the back half for both mods and locos combined, were looking at flat to slightly negative. [indiscernible]
Rob Wertheimer: Well, is that flat to slightly negative one half versus two half or year-over-year? That's what I'm trying to sort of figure out on. I understand the mining thing you said was down, but -- yeah, sorry, go ahead.
John Olin: That's half-to-half, right? We're going to have variations within the half. In the second quarter, we had very strong gain in locos, but modernizations weren't nearly up as much in the second quarter as the first quarter. But I was referring half-to-half. When we look at the back half in terms -- in total, we expect the back half, as we talked about revenue to grow but at a much more moderated rate than the first half, and the same thing with margin percent on a year-over-year basis. And if you look within the quarters within the second half, we would expect the third quarter to be up slightly in terms of growth over the fourth quarter for both revenue and profit growth.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay, perfect. Sorry to be pedantic there. Thank you. And then I guess your Transit guys are getting lonely. You're having great margin progress, a couple of good quarters there as well. Just any commentary on the end markets on, you know, price versus inflation, just margin direction in Transit? And I'll stop there. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Let me start, and I'll let John complete, but we continue to see the same fundamentals in that business. We expect growth to be on that part of the business, as far as market goes, around 3% to 5%. We expect the teams to continue to apply, I'm going to call strong discipline around order intake, and that should ultimately continue to reflect on improved margins in the backlog, which is what we see today. So good progress, it's never going to be smooth, and you're going to see some variation on the backlog numbers as a result of that.
John Olin: Yeah, commenting on the 12-month backlog. They were down this quarter. They were a little bit tempered in the first quarter. And as you know and we've talked about, it's due on large part of our focus on being more selective on orders that we add to backlog. And Rob, that's in line with our effort to drive improved long-term profitability in the Transit business. We've seen the impact of the selectivity again in the first quarter to some extent, and we would expect to see it over the next few quarters as we build in a higher level of profitability in our backlog over time. But overall, the underlying strength and business of the Transit business is there, but we are going to see some shifts in timing of backlogs as we build in more profitability.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Barger: Thanks. Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Steve Barger: Going back to digital, can you talk about how you define addressable market size in North America versus international and what the penetration rate is for each? I'm just trying to gauge the relative forward opportunities for those products.
Rafael Santana: We are, of course, much more highly penetrated in North America. If you think about the bulk of our products with -- if you think -- while if you think about internationally, we still have significant opportunities here. And I think some of that is really connected to some of the products. I mean, you think about Trip Optimizer, we still have ways to go into markets like Kazakhstan, for instance. If you think about PTC 2.0, I think you continue to have demand out there and you're going to see us grow into some of these markets. What I think is interesting also is some of the products like Zero-to-Zero, which we continue to work through regulation in North America, we're moving forward with those into our international markets. So to some extent, you could start seeing some degrees of automation potentially moving faster in the international markets given some of the dynamics in North America. So more and more, I think positive growth coming from international, still some of the dynamics I described earlier in North America.
Steve Barger: So it's listed, for rounding, $800 million business. Is that a multibillion dollar opportunity internationally or I guess, globally, or how do you think about market size?
Rafael Santana: It is a multibillion dollar opportunity, so size is significant here. I think one of the things that I look at internationally is more the timing to get to some of these orders. You're fundamentally describing, in some cases, orders that might take a little bit more time to get those. And those are some really the work started by the group here a couple of years back, but glad to see the progress. I think you've heard from us on some of the orders we've gotten from PTC. You're going to see more of those orders outside of North America as we continue to progress.
Steve Barger: Got it. And John, for you. In the last few years, Transit margins in the fourth quarter have seen a pretty sizable step-up versus the prior three quarters. Do you expect that same dynamic this year?
John Olin: No, Steve, we don't provide individual quarters in margins. I would just say that overall, a lot of businesses over time develop traits and that ends up being in the margin profiles. And I've always felt that it's more important to look year-over-year than sequentially. But we're not going to provide some specific thoughts on the fourth quarter.
Rafael Santana: Just a clarification there, Steve, to see profitable growth ahead. We see that in the fundamentals of the business. And the team has really taken several steps in terms of heading to mid-teen margins and we expect that to continue.
Steve Barger: Got it. And just, John, if I look at the last three years, you know, staying away from this year, what causes that -- has caused that margin step-up? Is that budget flush at customers or what -- why did that happen in the past?
John Olin: In some cases, there's more aftermarket sales in the fourth quarter because customers budgets, a lot of government spending within the Transit business. SG&A typically has patterns of spending in the fourth quarter. But probably the biggest would be is the mix, off the top of my head, for Transit.
Steve Barger: Okay, thanks.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Kyra Yates for any closing remarks.
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Jamie. And thank you, everyone, for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kyra Yates, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Kyra Yates: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. 
 I will now turn the call over to Rafael. 
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kyra and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 4. I'll start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the quarter and progress against our long-term value creation framework and then John will cover the financials. Last quarter, when we met, we talked about the strong momentum that we had when we exit 2023. Well, that momentum continues. Sales were $2.5 billion, which was up 13.8% versus prior year. Revenue growth was driven by strong performance, largely from the Freight segment. And adjusted EPS was up 47.7% from the year ago quarter, driven by increased sales and margin expansion.  
 Total cash flow from operations for the quarter was $334 million. The 12-month backlog was $7.7 billion, up 11%, signifying continued momentum and visibility across the business. In total, multiyear backlog was $22 billion. Overall, we had a strong start to the year. The underlying strength and momentum across the business is evident. We remain confident in our ability to execute, to deliver for our customers and to continue to make progress against our long-term growth strategies.  
 Shifting our focus to Slide 5. Let's talk about 2024 and market expectations in more details. While key metrics across our freight business remain mixed, we are encouraged by the strength of our business, the strength of our international markets and our robust pipeline of opportunities across geographies. North America carloads were up 1.8% in the quarter, despite this carload growth the industry's active locomotive fleet was down when compared to last year's first quarter, while Wabtec's active fleet was higher. As we look forward, we continue to see significant opportunities across the globe in demand for new locomotives, modernizations and digital technologies, as our customers invest in solutions that continue to drive reliability, productivity, safety and fuel efficiency.  
 Looking at the North American railcar builds. Last quarter, we discussed the industry outlook for 2024, to be about 38,000 cars to be delivered, which has now been lowered by the industry sources to reflect an expected 36,000 cars. Internationally, activity is strong across most of our core markets, significant investments to expand and upgrade infrastructure are supporting a robust international orders pipeline. In mining, commodity prices and an aging fleet are supporting activity to refresh and upgrade the truck fleet. Finally, moving to the Transit sector. The megatrends of urbanization and decarbonization remain in place, driving the need for clean, safe and efficient transportation solutions around the globe.  
 Next, let's turn to Slide 6 to discuss a few business highlights. Late in Q1, we signed a $270 million strategic order for new locomotives with a large mining customer in Africa. This, coupled with a recent service order in the region for $64 million highlights the significant opportunity that we believe exists in Africa. Within mining, we're seeing continued strength in the business, in particular, aftermarket and the team has signed orders totaling over $250 million in the quarter.  
 In Indonesia, we won a long-term parts agreement with PT KAI. And finally, our Maintenance of Way team launched its Shuttlewagon Commander NXT, the next generation of railcar movers. The new model was specifically designed for the needs of the customers, to optimize tractive effort, reduce wheel slipping and extend tire life. All of this demonstrates the continued momentum across the business, the team's relentless focus on execution, the strong pipeline of opportunities we continue to deliver on. Wabtec is well positioned to capture profitable growth with innovative and scalable technologies that address our customers' most pressing needs.  
 Moving to Slide 7. Before turning it over to John, I want to briefly discuss our progress that we're making against one of our company's key strategies, which is to lead the decarbonization of rail. Our highly capable team, our installed base of locomotives and our advanced locomotive technologies puts Wabtec in a unique position to lead the industry on fuel efficiency and to reduce carbon emissions. With this in mind, we're driving progress on 2 fronts. First, is to enable our customers to transition to a near zero emissions using their current installed base of locomotives. Our focus here leverages our customers' existing fleets and wayside infrastructure.  
 Our customers can improve fuel efficiency and carbon emission by up to 18% through replacing the older fleets with our Tier 4 and modernized locomotives along with realizing improved durability, haulage ability, reliability and fuel efficiency. We're also enabling our existing locomotive portfolio to be capable of reductions of up to 60% in carbon through the use of bio and renewable fuels. And when further mixed with hydrogen in the locomotive's internal combustion engine, up to 80% total carbon reduction.  
 In addition, we believe we have a competitive advantage given the fact that our locomotives are more fuel efficient and our 4-stroke engine architecture facilitates the use of hydrogen in our internal combustion engines. And the best part of this approach is that it provides significant optionality for our customers. And this approach is completely reversible back to diesel if supplies of alternative fuels are not available or not economical. On our second path to decarbonization, we're developing zero emissions technology and equipment. As you are aware, we recently introduced the world's first heavy haul battery-electric locomotive to a mining customer in Australia.  
 Given the customers' application, they plan to operate this locomotive relying on regenerative braking to charge the batteries. And later this month, we will ship our first battery hybrid locomotive. Finally, we are investing and partnering with government agencies to develop heavy haul locomotives powered by hydrogen fuel cells. We believe that the commercialization of hydrogen fuel cells for heavy haul locomotives is farther down the road. Consequently, we are pacing our investments with our customers' readiness to adopt the technology. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to John to review the quarter segment results and our overall financial performance. John? 
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael and hello, everyone. Turning to Slide 8, I will review our first quarter results in more detail. In the first quarter, we continued to see the underlying momentum that we experienced as we exited last year. As expected, both revenue growth and operating margin growth were overshared in Q1 versus our expectations for full year growth. As we discussed in the last quarter call, we expected both revenue and margin growth to be higher in the first half versus the second half. While we continue to expect growth in the second half, we expect it to be at a much more tempered pace than the first half. Sales for the first quarter were $2.5 billion, which reflects a 13.8% increase versus the prior year. Sales growth in the quarter was driven by the Freight segment, especially in our equipment and services groups.  
 For the quarter, GAAP operating income was $412 million, driven by higher sales, improved gross margin and focused cost management. Adjusted operating margin in Q1 was 19.8%, up 3.4 percentage points versus the prior year. This increase was driven by improved gross margin of 2.4 percentage points and driven by operating expenses, which grew at a slower rate than revenue, increasing our Q1 margin by an additional 1.0 percentage points. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.53, which was up 64.5% versus the first quarter a year ago. During the quarter, we had pretax charges of $10 million for restructuring, which were primarily related to our Integration 2.0 and our portfolio optimization initiative to further integrate and streamline Wabtec's operations. As you may recall, Integration 2.0 is expected to drive $75 million to $90 million of run rate savings by 2025 and our portfolio optimization initiative will eliminate roughly $110 million of low-margin, nonstrategic revenue while reducing manufacturing complexity.  
 In the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share was $1.89, up 47.7% versus prior year. Overall, Wabtec delivered another solid quarter, demonstrating the underlying strength of the business.  Turning to Slide 9. Let's review our product lines in more detail. First quarter consolidated sales were up 13.8%. Equipment sales were up 30.2% from last year's first quarter driven by robust sales of mining equipment and higher deliveries of new locomotives. Component sales were up 13.6% versus last year, driven by increased sales of industrial products, higher international sales and the acquisition of L&M in late Q2 of 2023, partially offset by lower North American railcar build. Digital Intelligence sales were down 5.9% from last year, where we continue to experience lower revenues in our North American market but we do see growth in our next-generation onboard locomotive products and digital mining.  
 Our services sales grew 17.3%. Services growth was driven by significantly higher year-over-year deliveries of mods, increased overhauls and parts sales. Our customers continue to recognize the superior performance, reliability and availability of our fleet. Across our Transit segment, sales increased 5.5%, behind growth in our products and services businesses. The momentum in the Transit segment remains positive as secular drivers such as urbanization and decarbonization accelerate the need for investments in sustainable infrastructure.  
 Now moving to Slide 10. Both GAAP and adjusted gross margin were up 2.4 percentage points during the quarter. In addition to higher sales, gross margin benefited from improved pricing and favorable mix between segments. Mix within the Freight segment was also favorable despite significantly higher new loco and mod deliveries in the quarter. During the quarter, we also benefited from favorable fixed cost absorption and benefits from Integration 2.0 as well as comparing against higher next-generation digital development costs in the first quarter of 2023. Our team continues to execute well to mitigate the impact of continued cost pressures by driving operational productivity and lean initiatives.  
 Turning to Slide 11. For the first quarter, GAAP operating margin was 16.5%, which was up 3.9 percentage points versus last year. Adjusted operating margin improved 3.4 percentage points to 19.8%. GAAP and adjusted SG&A expenses were down as a percentage of revenues as we leveraged higher sales with a strong focus on managing costs. Engineering expense was $48 million, modestly lower than Q1 last year. We continue to invest engineering resources and current business opportunities but more importantly, we are investing in our future as an industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customers' productivity, capacity utilization and safety.  
 Now let's take a look at the segment results on Slide 12, starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales were up 17.2% during the quarter. GAAP segment operating income was $368 million for an operating margin of 20.2%, up 5.7 percentage points versus last year. GAAP operating income includes $3 million of restructuring costs primarily related to Integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization costs. Adjusted operating income for the Freight segment was $439 million, up 48.3% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin in the Freight segment was 24.1%, up 5.1 percentage points from prior year. 
 The increase was driven by improved gross margin behind strong operational execution, favorable mix, improved pricing, Integration 2.0 savings and as we lap last year's investment in our next-generation digital development costs. At the same time, SG&A and engineering expenses were lower as a percentage of revenue. Finally, segment 12-month backlog was $5.67 billion, up 14.5% from the same period a year ago. The multiyear backlog was $17.9 billion, down 2.3% from the prior year. Both our 12-month and multiyear backlogs demonstrate good visibility in '24 and beyond.  
 Turning to Slide 13. Transit segment sales were up 5.5% to $673 million. When adjusting for foreign currency, Transit sales were up 4.9%. GAAP operating income was $74 million, restructuring costs related to Integration 2.0 were $7 million in Q1. Adjusted segment operating income was $86 million. Adjusted operating margin as a percent of revenue was 12.7%, down 0.2 percentage points from last year, driven by unfavorable mix and higher input costs, partially offset by Integration 2.0 savings. Finally, Transit segment 12-month backlog for the quarter was $2.04 billion, up 3.3% versus a year ago. The multiyear backlog was also up 4.2% to $4.19 billion.  
 Now let's turn to our financial position on Slide 14. First quarter cash flow was $334 million. During the quarter, cash flow benefited from higher earnings, improved working capital and increased securitization funding. We continue to expect greater than 90% cash conversion for the full year. Our balance sheet and financial position continue to be strong. We ended the quarter with liquidity of $2.13 billion. And our net debt leverage ratio was 1.7x at the end of the first quarter, which was favorable versus the same quarter a year ago at 2.3x debt leverage. We continue to allocate capital in a disciplined and balanced way to maximize returns for our shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased $175 million of our shares and paid $36 million in dividends, which was recently increased by our Board of Directors, up 17.6% per share versus prior year. 
 With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rafael to talk about our 2024 financial guidance. 
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Now let's turn to Slide 15 to discuss our 2024 updated full year guidance. As you've heard today, our team delivered a very strong start to the year. We believe that the underlying customer demand for our products and solutions continues across our business. Our orders pipeline and 12-month backlog continue to be strong, providing visibility for the profitable growth ahead. With these factors in mind, we are increasing our previous guidance .We now expect 2024 sales of $10.4 billion at the midpoint, up 7.5% from last year and adjusted EPS to be between $7.00 and $7.40 per share, up about 21.5% at the midpoint. Finally, we continue to expect cash flow conversion to be greater than 90%. Looking ahead, I am confident that Wabtec is well positioned to drive profitable growth in 2024 and beyond.
 Now let's wrap up on Slide 16. As you've heard today, our team continues to deliver value for our stakeholders, thanks in large part to our resilient installed base, world-class team, innovative technologies and our continued focus on our customers. Overall, we believe we have an opportunity to continue building significant long-term momentum with growth in modernizations, in new locomotive sales, in digital solutions and in transit systems. With solid underlying demand across the portfolio, increased visibility through our backlog and intense focus on continuous improvement in cost management, Wabtec is well positioned to drive profitable long-term growth and maximize shareholder returns. 
 With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning and I'll turn now the call over to Kyra to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kyra? 
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. [Operator Instructions]  Operator, we are now ready for our first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. 
Justin Long: So I think the most surprising part of this quarter was the big sequential improvement in freight margins. And I wanted to ask if there was anything unique to this quarter that drove that improvement? Or does this just speak to the operating leverage in the business as equipment revenue ramps? And John, if there's anything you can share on how freight margins are expected to progress over the rest of the year, what's baked in the guidance versus what we just saw in the fourth quarter, the 24%. 
John Olin: Great, Justin. When we look at the freight margins up 5.1 percentage points, we do not expect to end the year up 5.1 percentage points. There are a few things in there that are going to bring it down over the course of the back half. But overall, our margins are building from our guidance -- from the last guidance to this guidance. We feel very good about the way the year is going but specifically, Justin, on freight margin, let's talk about a couple of those pieces. One, there was great operational execution that led the increased productivity, that we would expect would continue. 
 When we look at a couple of other things. One, mix was very favorable and we expect mix to be favorable in the first half but we do expect mix to turn unfavorable in the back half. So that will be a drag on freight margins a bit in the back half of the year. The second piece is that there was a fair amount of absorption in the quarter given the 13.8 -- or the 17.2% growth of the Freight segment. We don't expect the back half of the year to have such rich revenue growth and therefore, we would expect that to be more neutral in the back half. 
 And then finally, during the quarter, Justin, we lapped a onetime investment that we made in the year ago period, if you remember, for our next-generation digital development of PDS software. And as lapping that in the first quarter of this year, that's adding about 1/3 of the overall margin benefit to the enterprise overall, so a little bit more in the Freight group. So we don't expect that to repeat. But again, as we look to the back half of the year in freight, we expect margins to be up but just not the same extent as you're seeing in the first quarter. 
Justin Long: Okay. Got it. And I guess, secondly, we have the proposed locomotive regulations from CARB. I know the public comments around that were due to the EPA earlier this week. But do you have any color around the timing of a final decision on that front? And if the current proposal does pass, any initial thoughts on how quickly this could impact your business based on some of the recent conversations you've had with customers? 
Rafael Santana: So Justin, you're right there. I mean, the public comment period was due last Monday. They had a public hearing. I think the outcome here of the rule remains, I'll say quite fluid. So what I'll tell you is, we're technically very well positioned here to support customers for all outcomes. We've got the best-in-class products. We've got the lowest emissions, the lowest fuel consumption, best reliability, ultimately best availability and value for customers there. One thing that I would want to highlight is, the EPA also recently finalized the new standards for highway vehicles, which requires manufacturers to reduce greenhouse gas by 25% for the heavy truck fleet.
 And the EPA also defined through that, that liquid hydrogen for internal combustion engines would be classified as zero emissions despite of using some oil. And this is important as it allows first for our installed base, the internal combustion engines to use hydrogen which can be transitioned to fuel cells ultimately. But I call this out because this definition of zero emissions, I think, plays well into our plans to help railroads transition to near zero emissions with really a reversible solution here through that period. 
Operator: The next question comes from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. 
Bascome Majors: Just to follow up on that, John or Rafael, less about this year but more long term. Can you go a little bit deeper into the favorability of mix given the growth in some of the subsegments, be it equipment or the modification side of services that you've typically talked about as being a little bit lower mix than some of your businesses and how that was able to drive such meaningful gross profit expansion, not just the fixed cost absorption and just how you view that in a longer-term context relative to your long-term incremental margin guidance of the 25% to 30%? 
Rafael Santana: Bascome, let me start here because, #1, we're confident on the fundamentals of the business. I mean we've had a strong performance and over the last years and now in this quarter and hopefully comes through here, the team's commitment and the robustness of the strategy. I think we're continuously innovating. I think that's been a key piece, even if you think about mods or new locos. We're continuously adapting to some of these market changes to ensure we remain in a growth trajectory. We've been actively managing our pipeline to really convert some of these opportunities into tangible results. I think we've also continued to take proactive steps when challenges arise in this process. 
 I think it's important to highlight that you're going to continue to see variation on quarters, yearly results but we're confident here in our ability to continue to drive profitable growth over time in the business. I'll let John comment on the specifics of the quarter and the half. 
John Olin: Yes. Bascome, when we look at locos and mods over the long term, we would expect it to provide a headwind on overall mix. And again, we talked about this. There's good mix and bad mix and this is a really good mix because it puts an asset out there that we're going to make money off of for decades to come. But if we look more nearer in, when we look at -- in the first quarter, as well as the first half, we are actually getting some mix favorability from locos and mods because of what we're comparing to in the year ago period. If you remember in the year ago period, we had talked about an international order that was -- that we delivered over 4 quarters, the back half of '22 and the front half of '23 that was very low margin as we moved into a market. So that's providing some of the mix that you're seeing and that will just be in the first half. 
 And again, as I mentioned to Justin, we'll start to reverse in the back half. I think, Bascome, the other thing I'd like to point out, as we look at the overall cadence of the year, we talked about this last quarter but we do expect the significant majority of our revenue growth and our profit growth to be in the first half of the year. And this is really due to the production of those locos and mods. As we came out of last year and the strike, we had the production or deliveries of our locos and mods being significantly lower in the first half of the year versus the back half of the year. And our aim this year is to more level load our quarters in that production. 
 So with that, we expect locos and mods to be up about 30% in terms of deliveries in the first half of the year and down slightly in the back half. And what that's going to do is, shift a fair amount of revenue into the first half. And with that, will come that absorption that we talked about. And again, the mix is favorable in the first half and a little bit unfavorable in the back half. When we look at the back half, we expect it to be favorable on a year-over-year basis, both for revenue growth and for margin growth but at a much more tempered level than we see in the first half, overall, leading to the guidance that we delivered, which is an improvement in revenue growth as well as more profit margin growth. 
Operator: The next question comes from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. 
Angel Castillo Malpica: Congrats on a solid quarter. Just wanted to talk about your decarbonization slide, very strong performance there and just the second half deliveries in terms of your targets for some of the alternative fuels is very impressive. So just curious, as you think about or you have conversations with customers, what are you hearing in terms of the benefits of some of these improvements that you're making in enabling your engines to deliver some of these savings. How is that impacting overall kind of discussions, order patterns and kind of expectations as we think about second half and then flowing into 2025? 
Rafael Santana: Yes. So a couple of comments there. #1, this has been really part of a long-term strategy on making sure that we have the most really fuel efficient and fuel is a significant part of the expenses for our customers. So we continue those investments there. I think there is continued opportunity to take advantage of both the Tier 4s and the mods. And I do believe we have some of the best products there in the market. We see that playing not just in North America, we see that playing internationally as well. We really like the opportunity here. And I think customers welcome the ability to transition from known core products and be able to really take advantage of that to significantly reduce carbon emissions. And our engines, I'd say, are well prepared to take on both renewable and biofuels and we're progressing here on really making sure hydrogen is also a part of that solution.
 So with that, I think we're very well positioned to support customers through that transition. But we're also working on, what I call, zero emissions technologies, which start with some of the elements of the hybrid units that we're delivering this quarter to New York and we're also delivering later this year, the first, really the heavy haul battery-electric locomotive that's going to Australia, which we unveiled last year. So I think we're, with that, continuing to pace some of our investments here in the light of adoption. But with that, we're very well positioned in that regard and we really try to make sure we make our engines as agnostics -- as agnostic as we can to make sure that we provide that reversibility for customers through transition. 
Angel Castillo Malpica: Very helpful. And then shifting over to capital allocation, just strong performance in the first quarter, strong performance around the kind of the cost management. But as you think about your -- the strong balance sheet that you have and ability to return cash to shareholders, should we expect that there's potential for bigger buybacks and deploying more capital to shareholders? Or how are you kind of seeing -- you talked about the raise of the dividend but kind of the other outlets of cash? How should we kind of think about that for the full year? 
John Olin: Yes. Angel, #1 is, we expect a fair amount of free cash for the year. But we've got the balance sheet where we want it. And when I say that it's in that zone of 2 to 2.5x net debt leverage ratio, right, we're towards the low end of that and we feel comfortable with that at this point as well. Having said that, it's -- the cash that we generate, we will prioritize -- with the free cash, we will prioritize first M&A, if we can -- if we find good accretive strategic M&A. And then if not, we'll return the excess cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and feel good about the start to the year in terms of share repurchases with $175 million purchased. But we're looking to return all of our excess cash to our shareholders throughout the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. 
Ivan Yi: This is Ivan Yi on for Scott Group. I wanted to touch on pricing here. I know you guys don't really give out any core pricing numbers but can you directionally talk about the how the pricing trends are kind of going? And what are your expectations for pricing sort of the rest of this year? 
John Olin: Ivan, when we look at overall pricing in the quarter, pricing was up slightly and our costs were slightly favorable. And so that helped -- provided a little bit of margin improvement in the quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen. 
Matthew Elkott: Rafael, I think you mentioned industry locomotive fleet in North America was down but Wabtec was up. Is this just a matter of what we already know, the railroads are coalescing behind Wabtec locomotives increasingly. How much is Trip Optimizer a factor in that? And any other thoughts on that would be helpful. 
Rafael Santana: So I think, first, I mean, I think there's certainly an element of, I'll call it, overall life cycle cost that those units provide and that's how you got to keep that in mind. And those are investments that have been done over time that have really positioned our fleets to #1, be it the most efficient fleets at an engine level. So it starts there. It's continuous. If you think about our ability to provide service and support to those fleets, so our customers ultimately get not just the fuel efficiency but they get the reliability and availability of those units. And that comes with significant investments we've made over time on an engineering team that are able to really drive what I call continuous improvement to those fleets over time and really the service network that we've got and our ability to support customers across the globe on that. 
 On the top of that, you include some of the elements of really the digital investments we've made and we continue to make to help customers improve not just fuel efficiency but to improve safety and to improve the various elements that they need. So I think this is really a validation of the investments we continue to make and the differentiation we continue to create in the product. 
Matthew Elkott: Got it. That's very helpful. And just one follow-up question. I think John, back in February at the plant tour, you mentioned $110 million of revenue this year that could be discontinued to optimize margins. Could you provide an update on that? 
John Olin: Yes. We're moving forward with the exit of, I'd call low margin revenue from the business, right? So Matt, when we look at that midpoint of our new guidance at 7.5%, it actually is higher than that, given the fact that we're taking out that $110 million. The majority of that will come out this year but some of it will move into next year as we're working through exit strategies for different product lines. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Unknown Analyst: This is Clay on for Jerry. Quick question on the Transit segment. We've had -- you had steady margin improvement in transit over the last couple of years. Do you view the bulk of the operational improvement in the business is now complete? 
Rafael Santana: No, we don't. In fact, I think there's continued opportunity here to drive profitable growth in the business. First, some comments in the quarter. I think they were very much in line with the expectations we had. And those were, some of them tied to the higher OE growth. We had high input costs and some of that was offset by Integration 2.0 savings. But in one end, while we are pleased with the overall progress that the business has had we are continuing significant work there to simplify the footprint, to further improve and sustain margins. So I think you're going to continue to see that variation quarter-to-quarter but the team here is very much committed to continue expanding margins, taking action to drive profitable growth and being more selective too, in terms of the opportunities we tackle, in terms of the differentiation we're able to provide in the products that we have. 
Unknown Analyst: And along the same lines in transit on top line, you've had solid book-to-bill for a while now based on your upcoming bids, what level of sales growth is sustainable for the segment over the next couple of years? 
Rafael Santana: We -- as we look at longer term and over time, it's probably a range of 3% to 5%. It's probably a range that we should keep it in mind. But we continue to see favorable book-to-bill there. And I just would emphasize the first comment I made in terms of us being more and more selective about the opportunities that are out there. 
Operator: The next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. 
Unknown Analyst: This is James on for Saree. So I wanted to go back on alternative fuels here. So I think rails are -- I mean, while rails are focused on reducing CO2 emissions, I think fuel cost and efficiency also play a critical role here. So can you kind of talk about the economics of using alternative fuels such as biodiesel and renewable? 
Rafael Santana: Uptake vary, really across the globe, depending on both the availability and the elements of, I'll call subsidies, that could play out there. And I think that's really been a key piece of our strategy, which is ultimately making sure that we've got that flexibility to support customers. So you might have renewable diesel available in a certain part of the country, you might not have it in all parts of the country, how you make sure you ultimately have an engine that's agnostic to that. And playing right to it, we're seeing also government support in terms of creating potentially some areas where you might have hydrogen that might play a role. 
 And we look at this being again how you help our customers transition, as some of that, I'll call replace, over time with our reversible technology. And I think that's a key piece without -- really making sure you don't lose sight of the development of what I call zero emission technologies, which plays into the battery-electric. It plays ultimately into utilizing higher and higher hydrogen mix, which could lead to fuel cell but some of those are much farther out in terms of the opportunity to adopt, in terms of the maturity of the technology and in terms of the economics that it needs to get to. 
Unknown Analyst: Got it. And as a follow-up, I kind of wanted to go back on the margins again. So back in Investor Day, you kind of talked about expanding margin by 250 to 300 bps in the next 5 years. But given such a strong margin performance in first quarter 2024, despite, like more temporary expectation for the back half, are you kind of thinking differently about the long-term margin target? Or are you still kind of like looking for 250 to 300 bps margin expansion? 
John Olin: Yes, James, as we look forward in the business, we believe we see the mid-single digits on the revenue side and double digits on the EPS side. Nothing has changed based on our performance of this year or last year in terms of our longer-term view of the industry and our performance within that industry. 
Rafael Santana: I think we continue to see opportunity to drive profitable growth ahead. And I think that's important. And at the same note, you're going to have, again, variation, whether it's quarter-to-quarter, half-over-half but there is strong momentum here in both the pipeline, in both North America and internationally. And I think the auto piece, we sometimes don't talk enough, it's just ongoing lean initiatives, the progress on integration should [indiscernible] the portfolio optimization efforts. I mean those 2 things combined really provide us an opportunity here for both margin and revenue expansion. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Roszkowski with Bank of America. 
Adam Roszkowski: It's Adam Roszkowski on for Ken Hoexter. A question for John. Could you provide an update on the $75 million to $90 million run rate cost savings by 2025 and where you are now? 
John Olin: Yes, Adam, we are -- when we look at the cost from a cost standpoint, we are about $120 million, $125 million down the runway of what we were expecting of $135 million to $165 million and that's kind of realized in the first 2 years. And from a standpoint of savings, we run a run rate savings base at $22 million a year as we exited 2023. And with that, Adam, we are ramping up to that $75 million to $90 million that you mentioned as we exit 2025. So we would expect an escalation of the $60 million, the midpoint, $60 million, $65 million, whatever the midpoint is over the next couple of years and would expect that to be somewhat linear. But most of the projects have all been approved and are in different phases of execution and some are actually completing as well. And so we would expect those savings to ramp pretty quickly over the next 2 years. 
Adam Roszkowski: Helpful. And then you've given some good kind of 1 half, second half margin and profit commentary. Given the sort of elevated impacts from last year, you called out about 1/3 of the gain was due to that onetime item. Should we expect the same magnitude of freight margin kind of year-over-year expansion to continue into the second quarter? Should that drop off a bit? Any color you could give us there? 
John Olin: Yes. When we look at -- from a growth perspective, margin growth perspective, we would expect the preponderance of that growth to be in the first half. We do expect growth, Adam, in the back half but not nearly at the level that we're seeing in the first half. And again, the first half is aided by the fact that revenue is going to be significantly -- the significant majority of revenue will be in the first half. And therefore, the P&L leverage will follow that. And as we've talked about, mix is going to be favorable in the first half and the second half. So we will see a step down in the revenue growth, it will grow and we'll see a step down in the margin growth. 
 But on a full year basis, we'll exit at our revised guidance and we feel good about that. When we look at the second quarter, we expect the second quarter to be a strong quarter, again, based on the production shifts that we've made, as well as the mix that we've talked about. I don't think it will be at the same level of revenue growth or margin growth but it will be certainly a good quarter. And then again, back half will be more tempered growth. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Steve Barger: If we do get an accelerated domestic locomotive cycle driven by regulatory changes, would you anticipate change orders and cancellations for mods? Or would you think that would all be additive to the backlog? 
Rafael Santana: I -- there's certainly a choice to be made but it's really very customer-specific. So I wouldn't say there would be not necessarily a complete reversal of that and I do not expect cancellations in that regard. But there would certainly be an element of more thoughts towards really moving forward with the newer technology, especially as we include in that technology, the ability to take on those alternative fuels. I think that really provides the customer here, what I'll call the safe net to transition over time with the reversibility they need. 
Steve Barger: Understood. And Rafael, following up on the hydrogen conversation. You said Wab is pacing investment to market adoption rates but it's also come up several times on this call, do you expect to see hydrogen equipment on track within the next, say, 5 years? Or is that mainline hydrogen equipment more 2030 and beyond, just to kind of level set expectations? 
Rafael Santana: So 2 comments. I do expect hydrogen to be, I'm going to call both tested and there could be an element here if government potentially steps in to create some corridors where you might be able to introduce that as an alternative fuel into the internal combustion engine. If your question is more around 100% hydrogen utilization, that's later down the road and that goes with fuel cells. That goes with irreversible technology. So that's going to take a bit more time on that. So that's not in the near or midterm. 
Steve Barger: Yes. I wasn't even thinking about 100% adoption. I was just thinking about the idea that you can have a legitimate freight hauling piece of equipment on the track in, say, 5 years? Is the technology there? 
Rafael Santana: So we do that similarly. We do that today with LNG. We have a [indiscernible] that's, ultimately you have an engine that's able to mix up to 78% of LNG. So you should think along the same lines. At the same time, if there's any issues as you're running or availability of fuel is not there, you're still able to complete the mission with the current engine that you have on. So I think you could expect to see some experimentation there. There could even be some corridors but I think still going to be a niche application. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kyra Yates for any closing remarks. 
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Dave and thank you, everyone, for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Goodbye. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec Fourth Quarter and Year End 2023 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtec's fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures, were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the quarter, our progress against our long-term value creation framework, and then John will cover the financials. We delivered a strong year with another solid quarter as evidenced by robust sales growth, margin expansion, and increased earnings and cash flow. We achieved this despite continued uncertainty in the broader economy and in the North America rail industry. Sales were $2.5 billion, which was up 9.5% versus prior year. Revenue growth was driven by strong performance from both the Freight and Transit segments. And adjusted EPS was up 18.5% from the year-ago quarter, driven by margin expansion across both segments. Total cash flow from operations for the quarter was $686 million, and total year cash flow was $1.2 billion. The 12-month backlog was $7.5 billion, up 10%, signifying continued momentum and visibility across the business into 2024, and total multi-year backlog was $22 billion. Overall, the Wabtec team delivered a strong year. Looking forward, I am encouraged by both the underlying momentum across the business, and the team's unrelenting focus on delivering for our customers. I believe Wabtec is well-positioned to drive profitable growth ahead. Our financial position remains strong. We continue to execute against our capital allocation framework to maximize shareholder value by investing for future growth and returning cash to shareholders. And as a result of our performance in 2023 and our confidence in the future of the company, our Board of Directors approved an 18% increase in the quarterly dividend and a $1 billion share buyback authorization that replaces our existing program. Shifting our focus to Slide 5, let's talk about 2024 and market expectations in more details. While key metrics across our Freight business remain mixed, we continue to be encouraged by the strength of the business, international markets, and our robust pipeline of opportunities across geographies. North American carloads were up 2.8% in the quarter, while the active locomotive fleet was down slightly when compared to where the industry exited last year. Yet, we continue to see significant opportunities across the globe and demand for new locomotives, modernizations, and digital technologies, as our customers invest in solutions that continues to drive reliability, productivity, safety, and fuel efficiency. Looking at the North America railcar build, demand for new railcar showed growth in 2023 at approximately 45,000 cars. The industry outlook for 2024 is for about 38,000 cars to be delivered. Internationally, activity is strong across core markets such as Latin America, Australia, Africa, and Kazakhstan. Significant investments to expand and upgrade infrastructure are continuing to support our robust international orders pipeline. In mining, commodity prices and an aging fleet are supporting activity to refresh and upgrade the truck fleet. Finally, moving to the Transit sector, the megatrends of urbanization and decarbonization remain in place, driving the need for clean, safe, and efficient transportation solutions around the globe. Next, let's turn to Slide 6 to discuss a few recent business highlights. In North America, we won a multi-year order for over 200 modernizations from CSX, demonstrating customer demand for a best-in-class solution to improve productivity, while driving down fuel usage and emissions. Looking at our mining business, we are seeing continued momentum and visibility. The team signed orders totaling over $300 million in the quarter, which is up double digits versus last year. In Transit, we won a major order worth over $150 million to supply high-performance brake systems in India. These brake systems will provide improved operating performance, efficiency, and safety for a new line of 1,200 electric locomotives. Also, during the quarter, we announced our entrance into the railcar telematics market. Our innovative telematics platform will improve shipment visibility, it will increase on-time performance, and expand asset utilization to make shipping freight by rail more competitive. Finally, during December, we acquired the remaining 50% of our JV in Kazakhstan. This strategic acquisition enhances our manufacturing capability, both globally and in the region poised for continued long-term growth. All of this demonstrates the continued momentum across the business, the team's relentless focus on delivering for our customer, and strong pipeline of opportunities we're executing on. Wabtec is well-positioned to capture profitable growth with innovative and scalable technologies that address our customers' most pressing needs. Moving to Slide 7. Before turning it over to John, I want to briefly discuss our ability to deliver strong results through the economic cycle. Over the last four years, Wabtec has demonstrated a solid track record of managing through challenging markets and significant disruptions. We believe our favorable end markets, combined with our leading technologies and solutions, will enable us to remain resilient and more predictable. Our 12-month backlog of $7.5 billion provide significant visibility and support for growth. The 12-month backlog has consistently grown over the past four years, despite a challenging North America rail market and a volatile macroeconomy. And finally, we have consistently demonstrated our ability to execute our strategies, generate strong cash flow, deliver growth, and create value through disciplined capital allocation. Our track record of strong operating margin expansion across the business is evidence of our ability to deliver productivity, manage costs, and price for inflation. Our execution, combined with the strength of our business, leading products, and technologies, which result in Wabtec being resilient through economic cycles, delivering predictable earnings and superior shareholder returns. With that, I'll turn the call over to John to review the quarter, segment results, and our overall financial performance. John?
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael, and hello, everyone. Turning to Slide 8, I will review our fourth quarter results in more detail. We finished the year with another solid quarter of operational and financial performance. Sales for the fourth quarter were $2.53 billion, which reflects a 9.5% increase versus the prior year. Sales were driven by strong growth across both the Freight and Transit segments. For the quarter, GAAP operating income was $308 million, driven by higher sales, improved gross margin, and focused cost management. Adjusted operating margin in Q4 was 17.0%, up 1.7 percentage points versus the prior year. This increase was driven by a higher gross margin of 1.2 percentage points, and 0.5 percentage points of lower SG&A and engineering expenses as a percent of sales. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.20, which was up 39.5% versus the fourth quarter a year ago. During the quarter, we had pre-tax charges of $47 million, of which $19 million was for restructuring, which was primarily related to our Integration 2.0 initiative to further integrate Wabtec's operations and to drive $75 million to $90 million of run rate savings by 2025. In addition, we are exiting some small non-strategic product lines and related assets, which generated a Q4 charge of $28 million. Finally, in the quarter, our acquisition of the remaining 50% interest in our LKZ assembly joint venture generated a gain of $35 million on our existing ownership interest. I will talk more about our progress on Integration 2.0 and portfolio optimization in more detail in a few minutes. In the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share were $1.54, up 18.5% versus prior year. Overall, Wabtec delivered another solid quarter, demonstrating the underlying strength of the business. Turning to Slide 9, let's review our product lines in more detail. Fourth quarter consolidated sales were up 9.5%. Equipment sales were down 19.3% from last year as higher mining sales were more than offset by lower locomotive deliveries during the quarter. Recall that second half locomotive deliveries, as planned, were significantly skewed to the third quarter. Total equipment sales for the year were up a very strong 15.8%. Component sales were up 17.4% versus last year, largely driven by the higher demand for railcar products, along with increased sales from industrial products. Sales also benefited from the acquisition of L&M earlier in the year by $32 million. Digital intelligence sales were down 6.7% from last year, which was driven by lower revenues in our North American market, partially offset by higher demand for international PTC, next-gen on-board locomotive products, and digital mining. Our services sales grew 23.9%. Sales growth was driven by significantly higher modernization deliveries. In contrast to new locomotive sales, our planned second half mods deliveries were significantly skewed to the fourth quarter. Additionally, parts sales continued to show strength as our customers continue to recognize the superior performance, reliability, efficiency, and availability across their Wabtec locomotive fleets. Across our Transit segment, OE and aftermarket sales increased versus last year. Segment sales were up 14.3% to $728 million, behind execution of our growing backlog. The momentum in this segment is strong across our core markets as secular drivers such as urbanization and decarbonization accelerate the need for global investments in sustainable infrastructure. Moving to Slide 10. GAAP gross margin was 30.3%, which was up 2.0 percentage points from Q4 last year. Adjusted gross profit margin was up 1.2 percentage points, driven by higher sales, favorable price/mix, and foreign currency exchange, as well as improved productivity. Our team continues to execute well to mitigate the impact of continued cost pressures by driving operational productivity and lean initiatives. Now, turning to Slide 11. For the fourth quarter, GAAP operating margin was 12.2%, which was up 1.5 percentage points versus last year, while adjusted operating margin improved 1.7 percentage points to 17.0%. GAAP and adjusted SG&A expenses were down as a percentage of revenue as we leveraged higher sales with a strong focus on managing costs. Engineering expense was $61 million, about flat with Q4 last year. We continue to invest engineering resources and current business opportunities, but more importantly, we are investing in our future as an industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customers' productivity, capacity utilization, and safety. Now let's take a look at segment results on Slide 12, starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales were up 7.7% during the quarter. GAAP segment operating income was $246 million for an operating margin of 13.7%, up 1.2 percentage points versus last year. GAAP operating income includes $28 million of portfolio optimization costs. Adjusted operating income for the Freight segment was $347 million, up 22.2% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin in the Freight segment was up 2.3 percentage points from the prior year at 19.3%. The increase was driven by significantly higher gross margin, which benefited from higher sales, favorable price/mix, and improved productivity and absorption. At the same time, SG&A and engineering expenses were lower as a percentage of revenue. Finally, segment 12-month backlog was $5.45 billion, up 11.2% from the same period a year ago. The multi-year backlog was $17.83 billion, down 4.3% from the prior year. Both our 12-month and multi-year backlogs demonstrate good visibility into 2024 and beyond. Turning to Slide 13, Transit segment sales were up 14.3% to $728 million. When adjusting for foreign currency, Transit sales were up 9.9%. GAAP operating income was $86 million, up 36.5%. Restructuring costs related to Integration 2.0 activities were $17 million in Q4. Adjusted segment operating income was $108 million, which was up 13.7%. Adjusted operating margin of 14.9% was up 0.1 percentage points from last year, driven by the benefits of volume growth and Integration 2.0 savings. Finally, Transit segment 12-month backlog for the quarter was $2.01 billion, up 8.0% versus a year ago. The multi-year backlog was also up 9.7% to $4.17 billion. Moving to Slide 14, over the next two slides, I would like to touch on both our progress against our Integration 2.0 initiative, as well as provide details on our portfolio optimization. The efforts of both these programs in 2024 will unlock greater profitability and margin expansion across the portfolio. With regards to Integration 2.0, recall that during our Investor Day in 2022, we announced a restructuring program comprised of estimated one-time expenses between $135 million and $165 million, that would yield an incremental $75 million to $90 million of run rate savings by 2025. These savings are to be achieved through a combination of actions which simplify, streamline, and consolidate parts of our operations. With program-to-date restructuring expenses of $118 million, we achieved $22 million of run rate savings as we exited 2023. We expect savings to ramp more meaningfully in 2024, and we remain on track to meet our 2025 goals. Now turning to Slide 15. As you are aware, we are very focused on driving improved shareholder value through the addition of strategic bolt-on acquisitions with accretive earnings, margins, and return on invested capital. In the second quarter of 2023, we acquired L&M, a business that is very complementary to our heat transfer portfolio and enhances our mining installed base. In the short time that we've owned this business, we are pleased with its performance, and more importantly, we are excited about its future potential for driving long-term profitable growth for Wabtec. Also, as Rafael stated, late in the fourth quarter, we acquired the remaining 50% stake of our unconsolidated LKZ assembly joint venture in Kazakhstan for $81 million net of cash received. As a result of the transaction, we recorded a $35 million non-cash gain in the quarter, which is excluded from adjusted earnings. Going forward, this business will be 100% owned by Wabtec and consolidated in our financial results. We would expect virtually no impact to sales and limited benefit to earnings in 2024. We're also announcing today the exit of some non-strategic product lines in 2024. Pruning of these product lines will improve focus in profitability, while reducing manufacturing complexity. Sales from these product lines totaled about $110 million of sales in 2023, and represented a lower-than-average margin profile. The expected net exit charges of roughly $85 million are largely non-cash, of which we recognized $28 million of non-cash charges in our Q4 GAAP results. Both our progress against our Integration 2.0 initiative and the announced portfolio moves will help position Wabtec to drive multi-year margin expansion. Now, let's turn to our financial position on Slide 16. Fourth quarter cash generation was strong at $686 million, resulting in total cash from operations of $1.2 billion versus $1.04 billion in the prior year, an increase of 15.7%. Cash flow benefited from higher earnings and improved working capital. Our balance sheet and financial position continue to be strong. We ended the quarter with liquidity of $2.12 billion. And our net debt leverage ratio was 1.9 times at the end of the fourth quarter, which was favorable versus the prior year's 2.2 times debt leverage. During 2023, we invested $308 million on the strategic acquisitions of L&M and the LKZ joint venture, and returned $532 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Finally, we improved ROIC during the year by 1.2 percentage points. We continue to allocate capital in a disciplined and balanced way to maximize returns for our shareholders. Moving to Slide 17, quickly recapping the year. Overall, the team delivered a strong year for all our stakeholders. Despite macro challenges, we drove strong revenue growth, expanded our operating margins, and generated robust cash flows. The resiliency of the business and strong execution provides us with a solid foundation for profitable growth as we enter 2024. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rafael to provide our 2024 financial guidance.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Now, let's turn to Slide 18 to discuss our 2024 outlook and guidance. We believe that the underlying customer demand for our products and solutions continues across our business. This is the strongest order pipeline we've had since 2019. Our 12-month and multi-year backlogs, as well as our orders pipeline, continue to be strong, providing solid visibility for profitable growth ahead. The team is committed to driving top-line growth and margin expansion in 2024, despite an uncertain macroenvironment. With these factors in mind, we expect 2024 sales of $10.2 billion at the midpoint, over 5% growth versus last year, and adjusted EPS midpoint of $6.70 per share, up about 13% from last year. We also expect cash flow conversion to be greater than 90%. Looking ahead, I'm confident that Wabtec is well positioned to drive profitable growth in 2024, which is aligned to our long-term financial framework. Now, let's wrap up on Slide 19. As you've heard today, our team delivered a solid quarter to finish out a very strong year, thanks in large part to our resilient installed base, world-class team, innovative technologies, and our continued focus on our customers. These results were in line with our long-term value creation framework. I'd like to take a moment to thank all the employees of Wabtec, whose dedication and focus on execution make these strong results possible. With solid underlying demand across the portfolio, increased visibility through our backlog, and intense focus on continuous improvement, Wabtec is well positioned to drive profitable long-term growth and maximize shareholder returns. With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning. I'll turn the call over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks, and good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Long: So, maybe to start with a question on Freight margins, if you look at the fourth quarter, we saw a decline relative to the third quarter, despite mix looking like it got better. Equipment sales were down a lot sequentially, services revenue was up a lot sequentially. So, can you talk about what drove that pressure kind of quarter-to-quarter in Freight margins, and what you're anticipating for the progression of Freight margins as we look at the 2024 guide?
John Olin: Yes. Justin, this is John. I probably wouldn't characterize it as pressure between the third and the fourth quarter. A lot of that is just seasonality of our overall margin structure. We've talked about the back-half margins versus year ago being the strongest in the back half and even stronger in the fourth quarter, and that's exactly what we saw with the fourth quarter, company margins being up 1.7%, but when we dig down a little bit deeper into that and we look at the Freight segment, they were up 2.3 percentage points. So, again, we feel real good about those margins that we did deliver in the fourth quarter in the Freight segment. When we look forward, we've talked about on the overall guidance, you've seen the guidance, and we would expect both our Freight and Transit segments to grow revenue as well as margin in 2024.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And I guess as a follow-up, I know we can see some lumpiness in the business on a quarterly basis because of mix and the timing of deliveries, similar to what we saw here in the fourth quarter. So, as we think about the 2024 guidance, is there anything you can share on the expected quarterly cadence of revenue and earnings?
John Olin: Yeah, let's keep that -- talking about it in half to half, again, Justin, any given quarter can be moved pretty much by a handful or two of locomotives. So, the most important part is that we expect '24 revenue and operating margins to be up versus 2023, and generally in line with our long-term growth framework. But more specifically, in '24, we expect to see higher revenue growth in the first half versus the second half, and we also expect to see modestly higher margin growth in the first half than the second half. So, when we look at the drivers of the cadence, one continues to be on the volume side, hinges on the timing of our loco and mods deliveries and comping against higher 2023 margins in the second half.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. I'll leave it at that. Thanks for the time.
Rafael Santana: Thanks.
John Olin: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Matt Elkott with TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Pardon me, Mr. Elkott, your line is open. Are you perhaps muted?
Matt Elkott: Sorry about that. Good morning, everyone. Can you guys give us some more insight on the 5% revenue growth at the midpoint, price versus volume? Are there any acquisitions baked in? I also ask because your backlog is 10% higher, and your revenue growth is 5%. Last year you did 16% revenue growth. Is it just a function of comps being more difficult for revenue this year?
Rafael Santana: Matt, a couple of things. First, the fundamentals for the business are strong. We have the coverage. We have the orders to execute here. The portfolio is well-positioned to provide customers with fairly a significant payback. Fleets are old. And we're still coming out of a trough in terms of customers' investments, India fleets. There's also significant drivers globally. International, as you've heard, is very strong, which drives demand not just on the locomotive front, but if you think about mining, transit, digital and the overall freight. Emissions, as you know, emission regulation is a tailwind for us. We have continued to expand our visibility with really improved backlog coverage, which goes beyond '24, and that really positions us well to deliver ahead of our long-term guidance. With that being said, our guidance takes into consideration a number of factors. If you think about '24, you still have North America carloads continues to be on the low end. We expect parkings to continue to go up, and freight car build is actually down. With that, our approach has consistently ensured really a strong say/do ratio with results ahead of our commitments, and we continue to be committed to overdeliver.
Matt Elkott: That's helpful, Rafael. As my follow-up question, some of the kind of headwinds you mentioned, is that the reason why the Freight organic -- the organic Freight revenue contribution to growth in the fourth quarter was lower than 3Q, and basically, the lowest in the last couple of years, if I'm doing my numbers correctly? And do you expect that to continue to trend downward in '24?
John Olin: I'm sorry, Matt. I'm not sure I completely understand the question. Can you repeat the driver of...
Matt Elkott: Yeah, John. Like the $92 million organic Freight revenue contribution in the fourth quarter, if I look back over the last two years, it's the lowest number we've seen from organic Freight revenue. Is that a function of the headwinds in the North American rail market? And do you expect it to continue to trend downwards?
Rafael Santana: So, let me just be clear here. Our backlog is strong. We feel good about it. The pipeline of opportunities show it, as I said, the strongest pipeline we've looked at in the last five years. And despite of some of the dynamics here, we just described to you in North America with carloads, and so forth, we're continuing to see really customers investing for cost, investing for reliability, and we continue to see both an element of growth both for us in North America and international. You're going to have variation here, as John described, quarter-to-quarter, but we're continuing to look at profitable growth as we go in '24, and most importantly, I think we've got a stronger element of international here that really provides us visibility now into '25, '26, and '27.
Matt Elkott: Got it. Thanks, Rafael. Thanks, John.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Rafael Santana: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Rafael -- hi. Rafael, I'm wondering can you just provide an update on how your customers are thinking about the discussions with California on sub-Tier 4 locomotives in the fleet? And how do you folks see the regulatory process and timeline unfolding? And is that driving customer preference for new versus mods that wouldn't fit the new CARB-proposed standards? Can you just talk about how the ebbs and flows are going and the timeline that you expect could drive from a clarity standpoint for the industry?
Rafael Santana: Yes. So, Jerry, last November, CARB petitioned the EPA for a waiver and supports for regulation for in-use locomotives. EPA has not responded to California's waiver request, and the ruling became effective beginning of this year. In one hand, I'd say the outcome of the rule remains fluid, but we are technically very well-positioned to support our customers here for all outcomes. We have the best-in-class products, lowest fuel consumption, lowest emission, best reliability, best availability, and regardless of further regulation what I'll tell you the good news is, our entire installed base will be able to burn bio and renewable fuels. But what's more exciting to me is, our newer fleets, they will ultimately go beyond bio and renewable fuel. We firmly believe we can bridge customers here to their ultimate near-zero emission goals. We are aggressively testing alternative fuels, hydrogen being part of that mix in our newer internal combustion engines, and with really an eye towards enabling customer sustainability journey, and in parallel, we're integrating batteries, and ultimately hybrid systems into our fleet. So, we have not incorporated regulatory change into our guidance. So, that would be a tailwind for us.
Jerry Revich: Super. And then, can I just ask, you've been very clear on the cash flow from operations conversion rate at over 90%. The CapEx that we're seeing at 2% of sales, is that the run rate that we should be thinking about, John? Are there any ebbs and flows as we think about what total net income to free cash flow conversion should be like over the next couple of years depending on your CapEx plan?
John Olin: So, when we look off over the rest of our investment horizon that we came out with a couple of years ago, we would expect 2% range of CapEx over that entire period of time.
Jerry Revich: That's clear. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you. And I guess a little bit similar to Jerry's question, but I think you had a healthy order for mods from CSX that just came through. I'm wondering if you can give us any sense of where your total number of mods was in '23, just your perspective on what that order kind of means in context. And then, more general, even if we leave aside California, there's also the climate goals that the rails have, and there's a fairly old fleet that they're running, and maybe record old fleet that they're running. So, in your conversations with your customers in North America, how much are they actually thinking about new locomotives right now with or without California? How is that balance looking? [Does anybody] (ph) think they can get to their climate goals with just mods? Maybe just any color around that level of mods, and then how to think about new? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Hey, Rob. Our customers invest for returns at the end of the day. So, it's just really comes down to making sure as they look into their fleets, they've got really the opportunity here to continue to drive costs down, to drive reliability up, and improve service levels, and I think that continues. When I look at that investment, of course, we're coming from trough levels here in the past. We have growth coming into '23. We have still significant growth in '24, and the recent order that you just referred to, it just gives us greater visibility into really continue to grow market. I think we still have, I think, an opportunity to grow here as we get closer here to what I'll call average replacement rates with really the older fleets we've had. I think some of the elements on what customers decide to invest in could be shaped here certainly by regulation, but most importantly, I think, it's going to get shaped by some of the elements of technology that we're introducing, that allows faster payback, a greater payback, and greater flexibility to really, I'll call, ultimately bridge customers here into a lower emissions environment, and that's how we look at it.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And our next question today comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning. So, within the...
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Group: Good morning. Within the revenue guidance, just directionally, are you guys expecting better Freight or Transit growth? And when you just think about all the moving pieces with your growth, how should we think about mix as a tailwind or not this year?
John Olin: Great question, Scott. When we look at across our five business groups and look into 2024, we expect equipment to be the fastest growing, again, for the reasons that Rafael just mentioned on the last question. And with that, I mean, actually, in looking at mods as well, we expect both mods and locos combined to be growing at a faster rate than our average -- the midpoint of the revenue growth, and that will put a little bit of mix headwind in 2024. And again I've said before, in this world, Scott, there's two kinds of mix, there's good mix and bad mix, and this is a case of really good mix. As we mix down a little bit, because we're putting out assets in the marketplace, that will be generating revenues for us for decades to come. So, we feel really good, but there will be a little bit of mix headwinds going forward.
Scott Group: Okay. Helpful. And then, I just want to clarify just on the mod side, are you seeing -- I think you've been talking about pretty consistent double-digit growth in mods the last bunch of years. Do we have that again this year? And then, any update on the battery loco and timing of first delivery and all that? Thank you.
John Olin: With regards to the mods, we tend to look at one or the other, mods and new. If we look at combined mods and new in the year, we said they'd be up double digit, and they were in 2023. As we look forward as I had just mentioned, we do expect them to grow faster than the average, those combined, to grow faster than the average.
Rafael Santana: So, strong growth here going to '24, and, Scott, with greater visibility ahead. On your question on battery electric, we're continuing to make progress here. In the fourth quarter, as you know, we unveiled the first heavy-haul battery electric locomotive with over 7 megawatts of power. These units will start running this year in Australia. And on that, I think fuel continues to be a one of the biggest cost for customers. There's a continued focus here on driving efficiency. We've got a number of pilots and demo projects, and while we do not expect broad adoption of these, there's going to be some really key opportunities here that we're ready to work on and support customers on.
Scott Group: Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi. Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Just wondering if you could expand on the digital intelligence piece of your business, particularly in North America. It seems like that's been a bit slower. Just -- any color there? Are folks pushing off some of these investments from a cyclical standpoint? Understanding the long-term drivers are still there? Just any color on that near term. Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So number one, I think during the quarter, I think in one side, while we saw higher demand from international, when you think about PTC, on-board locomotive, digital mine, we saw really a softer demand here, which is continuing with US, driven by really discretionary OpEx and the commuter signaling business. What I'd say is the pipeline of opportunities remains strong, driven primarily by international and also by digital mining solutions. I'd say recurring revenues in short-term convertibility continues to be a focus area for the group. But I think what's more exciting here, something we announced in the fourth quarter, which is really tied to us entering the railcar telematics market. We are creating a platform here with proven technology, and this is a market of 1.6 million freight cars. It is a multi-billion dollar opportunity for us, one that we will be providing real-time data to railcar, and tank car owners. And we're -- opportunities like this will keep propelling growth and profitable growth for this business.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then, on the cost optimization, could you maybe give us any color on how we should think about run rate exiting 2024? And then, was that portfolio pruning part of that? Is that incremental? Just any color there. Thanks.
John Olin: Yeah, Allison. This is John. So, they're separate. Integration 2.0, we couldn't be more pleased with the performance of that. And, to-date, most of the investment is behind us, and most of the savings are in front of us. So, as we exited 2023, we had a run rate of $22 million. And as we exit 2025, the run rate that we will exit at will be $75 million to $90 million. So, over the next two years, we would expect a significant ramp in moving from $22 million to the $75 million to $90 million, and it will probably be somewhat equal as we ramp from here to on the exit period.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good morning. So, Rafael and John, can you talk a bit about the -- you've kind of gone over the mix of product type, but how about international versus domestic, and kind of maybe talk us through to understand margin differentials, or mix issues as one is growing versus the other, within your 5% growth outlook?
Rafael Santana: Yeah. When you think of revenue side, I think you heard me describing stronger international pipeline, which I think, ultimately, wants to reflect stronger growth internationally as we look especially beyond '24 in that regard. So, we see a strong pipeline of deals, some of them signed last year. We'll see a part of those converting into backlog this year, which will continue to signal really the strength that we've got longer term in the business. I think with regards to specific margins, I mean, this is really project-by-project driven, as John described. I think there is an element of still headwinds just associated with pace in which we grow both the new locomotive business, but also the mods business at a rate -- at a growth rate faster than the overall company.
Ken Hoexter: So, maybe we can delve into that for a quick one from my follow-up, just the backlog conversion. It looks like the backlog is building up maybe double-digit rates, right? Freight is up 11%, Transit up 8%. Just wondering, is that a good signal, a read-through for that revenue growth? I mean, you're targeting 5%. The backlog is growing there double digit. How do we reconcile the two? Where's there a loss, I guess, in the conversion?
Rafael Santana: So, a couple of things. I mean, we will have variation here to quarter-to-quarter. Just reflecting last four quarters, I mean, we have quarters on low-single digits, we have quarters on double digits. And I think you're going to see some of that variation. How we run the business is making sure that we've got that convertibility built out 12 months out, 18 months out, and we got to really think about the lead times we've got associated with our products. So, it's making sure that we have that coverage. If you think in specific about '24, I think, there's some elements of coverage, especially for the flow products that really need to -- really be executed through the year. And if you keep in mind, you've got things like the freight car build, which is down. So, you do have some elements here that play out through the year. But bottom line is, we feel strong about both the coverage, and about the ability here to continue to drive profitable growth with the pipeline we have.
Ken Hoexter: Thanks, Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Angel Castillo: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just maybe kind of expanding on that and a little bit longer term, as you think about your book-to-bill for 2024, focused in particularly on locomotives -- new locomotives, how are you thinking about that kind of evolving? It sounds like deliveries will be ramping up during the year. But just based on what you're hearing from your conversations with your customers, how do you kind of see that throughout the year in terms of above 1, below 1? Just any more color there would be helpful.
John Olin: Angel, on average, we expect our book-to-bill to be over 1 because we expect to continue to grow in the mid-single digits over the sustainable future, right? But, again, going back to -- some of these orders can be lumpy from time to time, and a lot of them are multi-year, so we're not -- we don't provide a guidance in terms of what we expect forward-looking book-to-bill be, but over time, we would certainly expect it to be over 1.
Angel Castillo: Got it. And then, maybe just on the portfolio divestitures or pruning that you talked about, could you quantify that from an EPS perspective, how much of that is kind of -- what was kind of the impact embedded in the guidance? And any kind of incremental pruning that you see as kind of opportunities here?
John Olin: Yeah. So, when we look at portfolio optimization, again, we're looking very focused on overall company profitability and certainly Integration 2.0 is helping to drive that. But in addition to that, we're looking at -- taking a hard look at the portfolio, and looking at the product lines that are not carrying the weight or not delivering the profitability that we expect, or the value that we expect. And with that, we're going out and removing about $110 million of revenue. So, when you look at our overall guidance, you've got to realize too that this revenue isn't going to be there in 2024. So, that's putting a little bit of headwind on the overall midpoint that we've given. But to answer your question, this is very low margin or no margin, Angel. So, it's not having an impact on our profitability going forward, but it is bringing our revenue down, and therefore, we would expect a little bit upward pressure on -- or upward momentum on margin percent.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks for fitting me in. So, you announced the $1 billion in share buyback authorization. Can you just talk about how you're thinking about using the cash flow this year between repurchases and M&A, the expected timeline for completing this authorization, and if any of this baked into your EPS guidance for the year?
John Olin: So, Saree, number one is in terms of capital allocation, we are on track to do what we've done in 2023. Again, we couldn't be more pleased with the balance that we had in 2023 when you look at the free cash of about $900 million, operating cash of $1.2 billion, it would sound pretty split between M&A and share repurchases. When we look forward, as you know, we will prioritize M&A over share repurchases as long as we have good strategic bolt-on M&A. And if not, we will return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases. In relationship to the authorization, it replaced the old authorization that we had. So, we've got the ability to spend up to a $1 billion in share repurchases. And again, that will be determined throughout the year as far as what we have in M&A opportunities.
Saree Boroditsky: But is it fair to say that any of that -- any additional share buybacks this year is not included in your EPS guidance?
John Olin: Our guidance includes all of our business aspects as well as the use of cash in 2024.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. So, it does include share buybacks?
John Olin: Share buybacks, M&A, or the use of that cash, yes.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. And then, for next question, I know you're hesitant to kind of put a number on Freight margin performance for this year, but maybe comment on incremental margins in Freight, because I think you should have easier comps with the absence of the strike, you have higher volumes, and you're exiting lower-margin products. So, what can we think about for incremental Freight margins this year?
John Olin: Well, overall, you can figure out where we're -- what we're looking at for incremental margins on a company in total. Freight will certainly be a driver of that, but we also expect margin growth in the Transit side. When you look at, we are lapping some impact to the strike that we had, and that's been incorporated in our overall guidance, right? So, when we look at the margins in general, we're looking at favorable productivity and absorption, and certainly, the benefits of Integration 2.0 as well as portfolio optimization that you mentioned. Now, again, there's going to be some headwinds to that on unfavorable mix.
Saree Boroditsky: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
John Olin: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. This is Rob on for Chris. If I could dig a little bit further into Integration 2.0, it looks like on a run-rate basis, exiting 2024, more than double the savings. Can you give us a sense of the cadence you're expecting to realize that run rate throughout '24?
John Olin: Yeah. We wouldn't expect any unusual aspect of that. There's numerous projects that make up Integration 2.0, and most of them have all been executed. And now it is just different levels as the savings start to drive forward. So, for purposes of modeling, probably more straight line is more accurate than any other way to look at them, that build.
Unidentified Analyst: That's really helpful. And then just to kind of circle back on Justin's question about the cadence of earnings and revenue growth, can you give us any -- can you fine-tune kind of the percentage of revenue you are expecting in the first half versus the second half? Clearly, it's going to be more weighted to the first half, but...
John Olin: Yeah, we would just expect revenue growth to be higher in the first half than in the second half, again, largely how we have some of our delivery of the high-ticket items planned. But, again, whenever you move a few locomotives from one period to the other, or deliveries a little bit ahead or behind, it's hard to get too fine-tuned on that. So, suffice to say that the first-half revenue growth will be a little bit higher than the second half.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: You talked about a roughly neutral volume environment for North American rail. How much would that have to deteriorate to start to meaningfully impact your service revenue on the locomotive contracts?
Rafael Santana: So, what we described was carloads being, I'll call it, to some extent muted for the year. That has, of course, been included into our guidance. What I think you have that more than offsets this is the continued opportunity here for customers to really invest for returns, it's really by driving productivity, lowering costs, replacing, in some cases, three units for two units, and I think those dynamics remain in place and remain in place not just for '24 as you see reflected here by the orders that we just got. We think, at least from a fleet perspective and parkings, service levels have really -- the focus on service levels has really kept the active fleets relatively stable, and we would expect us to continue to be -- have a favorable market dynamics for North America included.
Bascome Majors: And moving to international, on the buyout in Kazakhstan, you talked about not much 2024 impact from that. As you look out longer term, is the deal structured in a way where all of the benefits from any of this $2 billion-plus of MOUs converting to orders would accrue to Wabtec? And just longer term, when could that become a meaningful contributor to your overall profit profile? Thank you.
John Olin: Bascome, I would think about the LKZ venture that we have as an assembly joint venture. So, it doesn't have any impact on our overall revenue growth or growth into the CIS region. What it does is it improves our supply chain, right? A lot of the things that we were driving through the joint venture were kits that we would make and lot of the parts were made in other parts of the world and shipped in there, and the JV was for the assembly side of it. So now, this just gives us a great operational -- complete control over the operational supply chain in an area of the world that we believe is going to show significant growth going forward.
Rafael Santana: We have significant growth in '24, we have significant growth in '25, and we have an opportunity here to utilize that installed -- that manufacturing footprint to export outside of Kazakhstan, and I think that's a significant element here. On the top of this, just had some really strong returns for us.
Bascome Majors: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hey. Thanks. John, you said equipment will be the fastest growing group, but if I'm remembering right, that category is pretty evenly split between locomotive and mining, marine, and drilling. Are you thinking locomotive outgrows the industrial products, or do you expect more equal growth from those kind of two categories?
John Olin: Yeah. We don't break it out specifically, Steve, but when we look at 2024, our equipment group, we expect good growth out of both locomotives as well as mining equipment.
Steve Barger: Got it. Thanks. So, similar growth rates, no big variance between the two?
Rafael Santana: Steve, it's, I think, a challenge here. Might have, again, variation as we go through it, but they're strong. They're strong, both strong, and a lot of it really internationally driven and beyond '24.
Steve Barger: Got it. And for Transit, you're coming off a tough comp, but really the best growth in years. And with equipment and services on the Freight side outgrowing consolidated guidance, does that mean Freight is more like high-single digit for the year and Transit low-single digit?
Rafael Santana: We won't get into the specifics or guiding for Transit or for Freight. What I'll tell you, on Transit, the fundamentals for the business continue to be strong, book-to-bill ratio closed over 1 for the year. While we are pleased with the progress, we continue to do significant work here to simplify the footprint. This business will deliver on margin expansion in '24. Integration 2.0 is a significant contributor to that. But we will continue to have variation quarter-to-quarter, driven by really mix and timing of project.
Steve Barger: Understood. Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rocco, and thank you, everyone, for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Wabtec Corporation Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].Please note this event is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtecs Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Todays slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on our Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements were making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions related to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning, everyone. Lets move to Slide four. Ill start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the quarter, the progress against our long-term value creation framework, and then John will cover the financials. We delivered another strong quarter, evidenced by robust sales growth, margin expansion and increased earnings and cash flow. We achieved these despite increased volatility and uncertainty in the economy. Sales were $2.5 billion, which was up 22.5% versus prior year. Revenue was driven by strong performance from both the Freight and Transit segments. Total cash flow from operations was $425 million. Cash conversion [Ph] was driven by higher earnings and improved inventory management. Overall, our financial position remained strong. We continued to execute against our capital allocation framework to maximize shareholder value by investing for the future growth, and returning cash to shareholders. The 12-month backlog was over $7 billion, up 13%, signifying continued momentum and visibility across the business into 2024. Total multiyear backlog was $21.5 billion. Overall, the Wabtec team delivered a strong quarter, behind solid execution. Looking ahead, Im encouraged by both the underlying momentum across the business and the teams unrelenting focus on delivering for our customers and even against the more uncertain and volatile macro environment we believe Wabtec is well-positioned to drive profitable growth ahead. Shifting our focus to Slide five. Lets talk about our 2023 end market expectations in more detail. While key metrics across our Freight business remain mixed, we continue to be encouraged by our business momentum, activity in international markets and our robust pipeline of opportunities across geographies. North America carloads continue to be down in the quarter which resulted in locomotive parkings up slightly from last quarters levels. Yet we continue to see significant opportunities across the globe in demand for new locomotives, modernizations and digital solutions as our customers invest in solutions that continue to drive reliability, productivity, safety and fuel efficiency. Looking at the North American railcar builds demand for railcar continues to show growth. The industry outlook for 2023 is for about 45,000 cars to be delivered. Internationally, activity is strong across core markets, such as Latin America, Australia, South Africa and Kazakhstan, significant investments to expand and upgrade infrastructure are supporting a substantial international order pipeline. In mining, commodity prices are supporting activity to refresh and upgrade the truck fleet. Finally, moving to the Transit sector, the mega trends of modernization [Ph] and decarbonisation remain in place, driving the need for clean, safe and efficient transportation solutions around the globe. Next, lets turn to Slide six to discuss a few recent business highlights. During the quarter, we signed a strategic MOU with KTZ, the national railway company in Kazakhstan, for over $2 billion. This agreement will support significant freight growth through the state-of-the-art equipment and technologies, driving productivity and lowering operating costs. This framework includes locomotives to be delivered in 2024, a long-term supply agreement, and a collaboration on a number of digital technologies, all of which we expect to drive strong orders and sales growth in 2024. Speaking of our business in Kazakhstan, the team just achieved a significant milestone by delivering its 500th locomotive. Looking at our mining business, the team signed orders totaling over $150 million, which is up double digits versus last year. And early in the fourth quarter, our team in Latin America won an order for 22 additional locomotives to be delivered in 2024. In North America, we won an order in New York City Transit to supply components for an additional 640 subway cars. Also, late last quarter, we closed the L&M acquisition that expanded our heat transfer portfolio in mining. This is off to a great start. The integration is on track. Third quarter revenue is ahead of plan, taking advantage of a strong mining market globally. Id also highlight Nordco, which we acquired back in 2021. Our maintenance of way business continues to be ahead of plan and is experiencing double-digit growth in 2023. All of this demonstrates the continued momentum across the business, the teams relentless focus on driving for our customers and the strong pipeline of opportunities were executing on. Wabtecs well-positioned to capture profitable growth with innovative and scalable technologies that addresses our customers most pressing needs. Turning to slide seven, Id like to discuss in more detail our international markets. While North America provides us a solid foundation to refresh and renew install base, we also have a significant opportunity for growth across international fleets by leveraging our broad portfolio and superior technologies. We have been successful in expanding our international install base over time, which has grown at roughly 4.5% annually for the last six years. Looking ahead, the pipeline of opportunities in our international markets continues to strengthen, and as a result, we expect continued expansion in our install base. Increasing freight volumes from mining, agriculture, and intermodal continue to drive the need for increased investment in clean, efficient, and safe modes of transportation. We expect growth in 2024 from key regions like Latin America, CIS, Australia, and South Africa, driven by our regional footprints and local partnerships. Our technologies are delivering more fuel-efficient, reliable solutions, which will reduce operational costs for our customers around the world. With that, Ill turn the call over to John to review the quarter, segment results, and our overall financial performance. John?
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael, and hello everyone. Turning to slide eight, I will view our third quarter results in more detail. We delivered another good quarter of operational and financial performance from strong underlying momentum across the business, coupled with great execution from the team. Sales for the third quarter were $2.55 billion, which reflects a 22.5% increase from the prior year. Sales were driven by strong growth across both the freight and transit segments. For the quarter, GAAP operating income was $370 million, driven by higher sales and focused cost management. Adjusted operating margin in Q3 was 17.9%, up 1.5 percentage points versus the prior year. The increase during the quarter was driven by significantly higher sales, improved productivity and cost management, partially offset by manufacturing inefficiencies driven by the strike at our Erie facility. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.33, which was up 51.1% versus the third quarter a year ago. During the quarter, we had pre-tax charges of $13 million for restructuring, which was primarily related to our integration 2.0 initiative to further integrate Wabtecs operations and to drive $75 million to $90 million of run rate savings by 2025. In the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share were $1.70, up 39.3% versus prior year. Overall, Wabtec delivered another strong quarter. We outperformed our expectations, demonstrating the underlying strength and momentum of the business, and as a result, we are fine tuning our full year outlook by increasing our sales and adjusted earnings guidance. Now, turning to slide nine, lets review our product line in more detail. Third quarter consolidated sales were very strong, up 22.5%. Equipment sales were up 38.8% from last year due to higher locomotive sales, which, as planned, were significantly skewed to Q3 versus Q4, along with increased demand for mining products this quarter. Component sales were up 32.3% versus last year, largely driven by higher North American OE rail car build and market share gains in freight car product sales, along with increased demand for industrial products. Sales also benefited from the strategic acquisition of L&M late in the second quarter by $42 million. Digital intelligence sales were down 3.2% from last year, which was driven by a softness in our North American signaling business, partially offset by higher demand for international PTC, next-gen on-board locomotive products, and digital mining. Our services sales grew 17.6%. Sales growth was driven by higher modernization deliveries and increased parts sales. Our customers continue to recognize the superior performance, reliability, efficiency, and availability across their Wabtec locomotive fleets. Across our transit segment, OE and aftermarket sales significantly increased versus last year. Segment sales were up 20.0% to $660 million, behind execution of our growing backlog, easing of supply chain disruptions, and comparing against the cyber impact in Q3 2022. The momentum in this segment is strong across our core markets as secular drivers such as urbanization and decarbonization accelerate the need for investments in sustainable infrastructure. Moving to slide 10, GAAP gross margin was 31.0%, which was down 0.1 percentage points from Q3 last year, while adjusted gross profit margin was up 0.1 percentage points, driven by higher sales and improved productivity, partially offset by inefficiencies related to the strike in Erie. Mix was favorable, driven by a richer mix between and within segments. Raw material costs, while still elevated, were largely flat on a year-over-year basis. Foreign currency exchange was favorable to sales by $32 million, or 1.5 percentage points, and it improved our third quarter gross profits by $7 million. Finally, manufacturing costs were positively impacted by favorable fixed cost absorption and benefits of integration 2.0, more than offset by manufacturing inefficiencies, primarily at our Erie facility. Our team continues to execute well to mitigate the impact of continued cost pressures by driving operational productivity and lean initiatives. Turning to slide 11, for the third quarter, GAAP operating margin was 14.5%, which was up 2.0 percentage points versus last year, while adjusted operating margin improved 1.5 percentage points to 17.9%. GAAP and adjusted SG&A were $295 million. Adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales was 11.6%, down 0.7 percentage points versus the prior year, as we leveraged higher sales and strong focus on managing costs. Engineering expense was $53 million, about flat with Q3 last year. We continue to invest engineering resources in current business opportunities, but more importantly, we are investing in our future as an industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customers productivity, capacity utilization, and safety. Now lets take a look at segment results on slide 12, starting with the freight segment. As I already discussed, freight segment sales were very strong for the quarter, up 23.4%. GAAP segment operating income was $327 million for an operating margin of 17.3%, up 2.1 percentage points versus last year. Adjusted operating income for the freight segment was $399 million, up 30.0% versus prior year. Adjusted operating margin in the freight segment was up 1.3 percentage points from prior year at 21.2%. The increase was driven by significantly higher sales, including fixed cost absorption and lower SG&A as a percentage of revenue, and improved mix, somewhat offset by manufacturing inefficiencies driven by the strike at Erie. Finally, segment multiyear backlog was $17.61 billion, down 8.1% from the end of Q3 last year. We continue to compare against the multiyear modernization and locomotive orders, totaling over 1.5 billion that we received in 2022. The 12-month backlog was $5.28 billion, up 15.7% for the same period, and shows good momentum well into 2024. Turning to slide 13, transit segment sales were up 20.0% to $660 million. When adjusting for foreign currency, transit sales were up 14.5%. GAAP operating income was $68 million, up 28.3%. Restructuring costs related to integration 2.0 activities were $10 million in Q3. Adjusted segment operating income was $83 million, which was up 38.3%. Adjusted operating income increased as a result of higher sales, favorable mix, benefits from our integration 2.0 activities, and the cyber impact in Q3 2022. This resulted in adjusted operating margin of 12.5%, up 1.5 percentage points from last year. Finally, transit segment multiyear backlog for the quarter was $3.87 billion, up 12.6% versus a year ago. Now lets turn to our financial position on slide 14. Q3 cash from operations was $425 million versus $204 million in the prior year. Cash flow benefited from higher earnings and improved inventory management. Our debt leverage ratio was 2.1 times at the end of the third quarter, which was favorable versus prior year. And finally, weve returned $344 million of capital back to shareholders year-to-date through share repurchase and dividends. During the third quarter, we utilized free cash flow to pay down debt and reduce leverage after the $229 million acquisition of L&M in the second quarter of 2023. As you can see in these results, our financial position is strong, and we continue to allocate capital in a balanced strategy to maximize shareholder returns. With that, Id like to turn the call back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Lets flip to slide 15 to discuss our updated 2023 financial guidance. We believe that the underlying customer demand for our products and solutions continues. Our orders pipeline and 12-month backlog continue to be strong, providing solid visibility for profitable growth ahead. The team is committed to driving top-line growth and adjusted margin expansion in 2023 despite a challenging macro environment. With these factors in mind, we are increasing our previous guidance. We now expect 2023 sales of $9.5 billion to $9.7 billion, up nearly 15% from last year at the midpoint, and adjusted EPS to be between $5.80 and $6 per share, up about 21.5% at the midpoint. We continue to expect cash flow conversion to be greater than 90%. Looking ahead, while the macro environment has become more uncertain over the last quarter, Im confident that Wabtec is well-positioned to drive profitable growth in 2024, which is aligned to our long-term financial framework. Now lets wrap up on slide 16. As you heard today, our team delivered on another strong quarter. Even in a dynamic environment, we are committed to delivering on our value creation framework through the strength of our portfolio, resilient installed base, innovative solutions and a rigorous focus on execution. Wabtec is well positioned to drive profitable long-term growth and maximize shareholder returns. With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning, and Ill now turn the call over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Justin Long of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks, good morning and congrats on the quarter.
John Olin: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Long: So maybe to start, I was wondering if you could quantify the strike impact at Erie in the quarter. And thinking about the guidance the full year outlook was raised, but it implies a sequential step down in earnings as we move into the fourth quarter. So John, can you give a little bit more color on some of the key drivers to that sequential pressure?
John Olin: Sure. So number one, on the Erie, we couldnt be more pleased that we came to a successful agreement with the union during the quarter. Well, Justin, we dont provide line item details of our cost of goods sold. It is important to understand that our cost of the strike -- to understand the cost of the strike, its important to know that the plant never closed during the strike and hence, some of our strong volume performance in the quarter. But it did operate at less than normal efficiency given the reduced workforce that it was operating under. So overall, it was a little bit of a drag on the quarter in terms of earnings. But certainly, we took it in stride and delivered a great quarter despite that. The second question you have, Justin, with regards to the implied fourth quarter growth, I guess. As first, Id start by saying that were very pleased with how the back half is unfolding. Certainly favorable to our expectations that we had shared with the group and on the Q2 earnings call. And overall, weve increased the revenue guidance by 2.5% at the midpoint and 4.5% for EPS. And with that, it kind of pushes out and implied fourth quarter guidance, and that is that we expect revenue to grow roughly at 6% midpoint. And again, this is despite last years tough comps of over 11% growth and likewise, expect very strong margin increase in Q4, driven by EPS up roughly 17% at the midpoint. So when we look at the second half and how its unfolding, its just as we discussed last quarter, Justin, with the third quarter revenue growing considerably faster than the fourth quarter, and thats driven by the fact that the production plan for the second half is significantly skewed to the third quarter. In fact, Justin, when you look at it, roughly 70% of our second half locomotive deliveries will be delivered in the third quarter, and thats strictly to meet the customer expectations. So those schedules were built over a year ago. So consequently, our Q4 underlying growth remains very strong and is evidenced by our strengthening -- which is evidenced by the strengthening 12-month backlog, which was up 13% versus prior year. And like Rafael said in the prepared comments, we expect to see profitable growth as we transition into 2024.
Justin Long: Okay. Thats helpful. And secondly, I wanted to ask about the backlog. So we did see a sequential moderation. I know timing, particularly with some of the multiyear orders can move things around. So Im curious if youve seen any slowdown in inquiry levels or the pipeline or if you would just chalk this up to timing. And on the Kazakhstan, $2 billion MOU. Could you just confirm thats not included in the backlog?
Rafael Santana: Ill take that one, Justin. So first, no, its not in the backlog of orders, but talking about backlog, the backlog is healthy. It will be down year-over-year, but you got to look at it in conjunction with the multi-billion orders that we signed last year, which dont repeat every year. The outer side of it, we have a number of multi-billion dollar opportunities that being worth. And we just signed a large one, which is in the pipeline and will convert into orders. So we see good momentum here. We dont see slow down. We are progressing. Were continuing to grow, and our pipeline supports it last quarter, as John said, 12 months last quarter was up 10%, this quarter, third quarter was up 13%. So were continuing to drive momentum here with key deals being signed and if you think especially about the long lead items in our portfolio like mods and your locomotives, you need that backlog to be there and as we look into 2024 and beyond.
Justin Long: Okay, thanks for the time.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi good morning everyone.
John Olin: Jerry good morning.
Jerry Revich: Rafael, John, I wonder if could just piece together a few of the comments that you made, it sounds like a pretty healthy order opportunity backdrop, U.S. railcar orders are constructive as well. So as we think about your 5-year outlook, it sounds like 2024 might be better organic growth revenue opportunity than a 5-year outlook that you provided, just putting the pieces together. And Im wondering if you can confirm that, thats how its tracking. And if you could touch on the level of margin improvement you can deliver, if it does indeed play out that way relative to the margin improvement CAGR that youve laid out on a 5-year basis? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: So Jerry, I mean, as you see, finished the strong quarter, strong pipeline of opportunities which, Id say, have just strengthened really the visibility that we have to continue to drive revenue and margin expansion. Its for sure a bit early to get into the specifics of 2024 guidance. But the momentum well continue to see, in my mind, with results being driven by -- first, Ill start with the strength of the short and mid-term backlog. The 12-month backlog that we spoke about at $7.1 billion, up double digits. Second piece, we continue to see momentum on both new locomotives and mods. Our customers, were continuing to invest for improved costs. So this is bringing a modernization in so they can part to order units. Theyre investing for reliability. Were still coming out of the trough there. If you think about the lead times, as I mentioned here before, we need a strong backlog here as some of the lead times here with the mods and new units is longer, and you need the backlog, and we have it for the next 12 and 24 months. The other piece for me is international. Were very bullish on key international markets. We have the momentum there. You saw in Kazakhstan, but what if I think about Brazil, South Africa and Australia, theyre all driving significant momentum going to 2024. On the margin side, the business will benefit and further benefit from Integration 2.0. So well continue to drive expansion here as well. So all in all, the pipeline of opportunities, we continue to get better visibility. In fact, this is the best, Ill call, weve had stepping into a year, which strengthens our position here to deliver on profitable growth.
Jerry Revich: Super. Really appreciate the comprehensive discussion. And can I ask on Transit. Weve got a couple of orders of a really good margin performance there. Has that business, in your mind, earned the right to grow off of these levels? I know youre waiting until you felt really good about the sustainable margin performance? Are we at a point where we can think about that part of the platform top line accelerating given the improved execution over the past year plus?
Rafael Santana: Jerry, were pleased with the progress that were seeing there. Were continuing significant work to simplify the footprint and further improve the business competitiveness. I think youre going to continue to see some variation quarter-to-quarter, but that team is committed to continue to expand margins and take action here for profitable growth. Despite of the more, Ill call competitive environment, the fundamentals are good in the business. If you think about our book-to-bill ratio, well close above 1 for the year. 12-month backlog is up. Multiyear backlog is up 16%, the other one, I think 12 -- over 12% and the team is continuing to progress to really drive mid-teen margins. So yes, we expect the business to be more competitive in the marketplace there, and were saying no slowdown. In fact, we see the opportunity here to continue to grow with the business. If you think about the record backlog some of our customers had, were continuing to see momentum there.
Jerry Revich: Appreciate the discussion, thanks.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead. Hello, Ken your line is open.
Nathan Ho: Hi, sorry. This is Nathan Ho dialing in for Ken Hoexter. Congratulations to the team on the solid results. John, I think you commented earlier that mix was favorable to Freight gross margins. And Im just looking through some of the segments. It looks like Equipment is up 40%, Components up 30%, yet Services and Digital are a little bit. I mean, Service is up 18% and Digital is down 30%. I understand the team doesnt usually comment on segment level of margins. But could you maybe just talk a little bit more about the comment there and maybe some of the pricing and mix dynamics at play?
John Olin: Yes, Nathan. So number one, what you pointed out, what we said may be a little bit counterintuitive, right? But if you take it back to the discussion that weve been having for the last four quarters, when we really started to step up a lot of the locomotive deliveries internationally, that put a fair amount of overall mix pressure on us, again, starting in the third quarter of 2022 and really going through the last four quarters. So as we move out of the fourth quarter of 2023, we are stepping in from a freight perspective into higher-margin deliveries. And thats shining through even though given the fact that overall equipment is at a lower margin than digital, we are still seeing, in aggregate, a fair amount of mix favourability. The other piece of it is not only mix within the various groups, but also the mix between groups, right? When you look at the Freight growing at 23.4% and currency adjusted Transit at 14.5% that provides a fair amount of mixed tailwinds as well.
Nathan Ho: Perfect, thank you. And as my follow-up, I just wanted to maybe continue on the prior trend of thought on the backlog. I noticed just on the Freight side, it seems like this is the fifth quarter of sequential declines. I think just comping the multiyear backlog, this quarter versus 2Q were down $722 million. How should we read this? Is this a -- is this any commentary on unit volumes or maybe something regarding pricing or mix? Any thoughts there would be helpful.
Rafael Santana: I think youve got to keep in mind, first, the lumpiness of the multiyear orders that we get. And youre going to see that lumpiness not just playing out through the quarters, that lumpiness will play out in the years as well. As we mentioned, we expect the backlog to be down this year, year-over-year. But the other side of it is the multibillion-dollar orders that were working on, which are not in our backlog, and we expect that to convert. So I really look at us in terms of the lumpiness of the orders. The other piece youve got to be very focused on is when you think about the lead times on certain of your products, making sure that you have the coverage to work through it, and thats why I highlighted both modernizations and new locomotives, so if you think about the lead times on those, you need a strong coverage, and we have it. We have it if we think about 2024, we have it beyond 2024.
Nathan Ho: Perfect. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Ivan Yi: Good morning. This is Ivan Yi on for Scott Group. My first question, youre showing very strong EPS growth this year. What are the puts and takes to another year of double-digit EPS growth next year? Can you kind of walk through the moving parts there? Thank you.
John Olin: I think Ivan, its very much similar to what we experienced this year is one, volume growth does wonders for expanding margins, right driving incremental growth. Weve talked about our incremental growth is about 25% to 30%. So with that incremental volume, which we would expect revenue growth in 2024, we will build EPS growth in addition to that. The other is, as Rafael had mentioned, Integration 2.0. So that was a 3-year investment, and were just starting to get to the kind of the ramp on the savings plan. And were seeing that ramp up in the first 3 quarters of this year, but expect the largest growth in terms of savings due to that program in 2024. So that, again, will drive margins a little bit faster than revenue. But overall, as we sit today and look forward to 2024, we expect that profitable growth that Rafael spoke to. And with that, we expect to be overall in line with our long-term objectives and our long-term guidance.
Rafael Santana: Ill reinforce two other points, which is just an element of international markets. I spoke here specifically about Brazil, South Africa, Kazakhstan and Australia, which are very significant, and we have significant momentum walking into 2024 with this market. So we do expect significant growth there from a sales perspective. And the other piece is, again, the coverage as we look into stepping into 2024, which is certainly one of the strongest coverages weve had stepping into any given year.
Ivan Yi: Thank you. And then just a follow on, again, on the backlog. The one-year backlog is up nicely year-over-year, but the multiyear backlog, of course, is down. Can you just kind of go through that divergence? Why is that happening? And which one of those metrics is the better one to focus on, the one year or the multi-year? Thank you.
John Olin: I got -- first, go back to the things Ive highlighted here. Youve got to make sure you have the coverage, especially on the long lead items. Otherwise, youre getting an order here a new locomotive at this point and you dont have the coverage for 2024, theres not much you can do there. So having the coverage for that long lead items is important, and we have it. The second piece I talked about is the fact our fleets internationally continue to grow out. So were seeing good momentum there, not just from a CapEx but from also an OpEx perspective. So thats very positive. And in North America, discussion continues despite of, Id say, continued to grow parking levels. Customers are investing for really lower costs for improved efficiency, for improved reliability. So all in all, when we think about the momentum here, looking at North America and internationally, CapEx and OpEx, it continues to look into profitable growth going to 2024, very much aligned to the long-term guidance weve provided.
Ivan Yi: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Elkott of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matthew Elkott: Good morning. Thank you. If we take the guidance raise and the sequential moderation in the 12-month backlog together, is it because you have some deliveries that were scheduled for next year and were pulled forward to this year?
John Olin: No, no. Not at all, Matt. when we look at it, weve been talking about the year a lot in first half, second half. And at the beginning of the year, we said that first half would grow a little bit faster than the second half. And I think the way to look at between our third and fourth quarter is to look at them together, and were seeing what you would see on the implied growth is 14% growth in the back half versus 16% growth in the first half. And again, thats what weve expected. But its really a function of the way the production plan was set up over a year ago in terms of the deliveries that we expected to make in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter on some of our larger equipment, in particular, on locomotives. And as I had mentioned that about 70% of the second half production plan for locomotives is delivered in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. So overall, when you even those out, weve had a year very much in terms of overall cadence expectations, of course, at a higher level of revenue growth, which explains the raise in the second and the third quarter. But the fourth quarter underlying momentum is just as strong as the third quarter. And we feel good as going into the 2024 with the backlog growing as Rafael had mentioned, has actually sequentially grown for the last couple of quarters. And as we exit the third quarter, its up 13%.
Matthew Elkott: No, thats very helpful to know. And just one -- my follow-up question, John. Can you talk a bit about the -- a bit more about that $2 billion Kazakhstan MOU? How much of it do you think could materialize in orders in 2024? And how much could materialize in deliveries in 2024?
John Olin: Were not going to break out the timing of it, but we would expect all $2 billion of it to turn into orders. Weve got a great customer in Kazakhstan and theyve got a tremendous growth opportunity, given some of the dynamics of the flow of products from China to Europe. And were certainly working with them to upgrade their fleet and expand their fleet so that they can manage their future.
Rafael Santana: I would add the following. We expect a large part of that to convert. And as I said, about some international markets, were increasing deliveries in Kazakhstan, and its strong growth going to 2024.
Matthew Elkott: Perfect. Thanks Rafael, thanks John. Appreciate it.
Rafael Santana: Thank you Matt.
Operator: The next question is from Saree Boroditsky of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks, good morning. So kind of building on your comments, I think you mentioned the largest savings from integration 2.0 into next year. Could you just provide an update on the progress youre seeing there? How is it going versus expectations? And any way to quantify the margin benefit into 2024? Thanks.
John Olin: Yes. Saree. So if you recall that Integration 2.0 was a 3-year program that started at the beginning of 2022. And on any of these type of restructuring programs or opportunities to integrate, well see a higher investment profile in the beginning and a higher savings profile in the back as we get the projects often executed. So to date, weve invested about $100 million out of an expected $135 million to $165 million over the next -- or over that 3-year period of time. And Saree, what were seeing now is just as those projects start and either the facilities are being consolidated or products being moved or however, were looking at optimization, those savings are starting to build. And at the end of 2022, we had about ongoing savings of about $5 million and that continues to escalate, and we look for that to build up to $75 million to $95 million. So we wont quantify it, but you can start to see the momentum that we need to have to be at a run rate of $75 million to $95 million in 2025.
Saree Boroditsky: Great. And then maybe this is kind of partially related, but Transit margins came in pretty strong, despite what typically would be a weaker seasonal quarter. So what kind of drove that margin improvement there? And how does this set you up as we look into 2024?
John Olin: Yes, were very pleased with the Transit margin. It was up 1.5 percentage points driven by a couple of things, Saree. Number one, is certainly fixed cost absorption was favorable given the volume growth ex currency of 14.5%. The other area is product mix. Product mix was favorable in Transit. And if you look at the aftermarket grew a fair amount faster than OE. And also, when we talk about Integration 2.0, a fair amount of that hits our Transit business, right? So thats helping driving it. And also were lapping some of the inefficiencies that we had in cyber in the year ago quarter. So I feel very good about the transit business, as Rafael had mentioned and certainly a bright future as we continue to move that business forward.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay, thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning guys. Its Rob [Ph] on for Chris this morning. Could you give us an update in terms of your delivery timing expectations for next year, like as of right now, the orders more kind of first half or second half loaded? Or do you not yet have line of sight on that one?
John Olin: Yes. Rob, its a little bit early for us to start talking about gating. Its early for us to talk about guidance as well. So a typical cadence would be to provide guidance in the call in February after the year is done. And again, just broadly, were looking at certainly profitable growth in 2024, but in another quarters time, well have certainly more detail with regards to what that is and whats driving it.
Unidentified Analyst: Thats helpful. And this might be a little bit too early as well. If were looking at the 12-month backlog, how does that mix compare to the mix today? Do you have a sense -- is it better? Is it worse? Were just kind of thinking about some of the puts and takes for next year?
Rafael Santana: I think more in terms of the coverage looking ahead, right? And my comments on the strong coverage that it provides a piece of it has really to be connected with long lead parts of our portfolio. And thats where I think about new locomotives, and I think about mods and I think it in conjunction of both international markets and North America. And thats probably the strongest -- certainly the strongest weve had to walk into any year.
Unidentified Analyst: Appreciate the color. Thanks Raf.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Wertheimer of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you. I just had two quick follow-ups. John, I think youve been pretty clear on the gross margin and some of the puts and takes. I wondered though, I mean, can you give any comment on just what normal gross margin leverage should be absent the strike or whatever and whether next year has any incremental labor pressure that would keep gross margin from rising. I mean, a great fixed cost leverage across the enterprise, dont going to be wrong, but more on the SG&A line. So just any comments on that would be helpful. Thank you.
John Olin: Yes. I think from a gross margin standpoint, what youre seeing on a year-to-date basis is certainly a drag from the strike in Erie but also that mix that we talked about, right? We had mix headwinds in the first half, and that had an impact on gross margin. So this quarter, gross margin was flat, again affected by the strike at Erie, but a lot of benefits as we move forward. And when we look at Integration 2.0, that directly fits into the gross margin, and we would expect a tailwind on margins because of that. And then also the biggest driver of margin is volume, right, and leveraging the fixed cost structure of the business. And thats not only fixed manufacturing costs, but also the fixed portion of SG&A. So as we grow, we expect to continue to aggressively manage our cost structure and making sure that we do deliver those incremental volumes, which, again, we would expect to be in the 25% to 30% range.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect. Thank you. And then one last one to close out mining really strong, I think, particularly for some of your customers. Any sign that that has peaked out? Are we still early in that cycle? Just any commentary there and then I will stop.
John Olin: So we didnt -- I dont think we caught the first part of the question.
Robert Wertheimer: Beg pardon. Mining is quite strong, especially I think, for some of your customers. Im just curious if that strength continue or whether youre seeing any signs that could plateau?
Rafael Santana: It continues. Mining is very strong right now and all the indications weve got is of that momentum continuing into next year as well. So thats certainly are not one of the positive momentum that we see on the business.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hey, thanks good morning. Rafael. Backlog has been stable at around $22 billion for the 5 years post the GE deal. Do you think of that as a natural run rate, meaning if things go to plan, it will be around the same 5 years from now? Or the way its structured does monetization speed up at some point, meaning revenue accelerates but backlog contracts. How do you think about that long-term?
Rafael Santana: Rob, Im not going to give you like specific numbers youre thinking 5 years from now. I just think -- Ill tell you how were running the business, right? There is really a strong focus on making sure that weve got the coverage as we look ahead, and that coverage supports what Ill call profitable growth for the business. Thats where a big piece of focus has been. In the past, if you go back, theres maybe a lot of focus, especially on multiservice agreements that covered fleets for a long period of time. Weve managed that in mix with long-term parts agreements. In some cases, we might take a different approach depending on what the fleets are with the customers. So all in all, I think those are levers that we got to be managing and really thinking more about the value that were delivering, especially as we introduce more opportunities to improve fleets. A lot of the upgrades that we talk about in terms of fuel efficiency and things like that. We want to make sure were driving value for both our customers and ourselves through that process. But all in all, I mean, we expect to continue to drive that momentum forward with profitable growth. Does that help?
Steve Barger: Yes, I think so. If I can just boil that down, it sounds like you do expect when you look at your pipeline and how you try to manage the business that youll have 2x the forward years revenue in backlog for the foreseeable future? Is that fair?
John Olin: I dont think we can -- we would put an index on it. Just looking at the backlog over the last 5 years, weve seen it oscillate between 21.5 and 22.5 I think parts of it are the economy that goes into that. And when we have periods of big orders, we see it rise and then that kind of burns off. And thats exactly what were seeing in 2022 to 2023, right? We saw it rise about $1 billion in 2022. And as we work that off, were lapping those numbers and backlogs down 4% or 5%. So I think over a long period of time, we would expect it to rise, but I dont think theres a formula you can put on it. We keep coming back to this word lumpy, is that -- it is very lumpy depending on what multi-years. I think the best way to remove the lumpiness is to look at the 12 months, right? So we dont -- we kind of neutralize for that, and the 12 month has been very steady and growing up on the three quarters this year and has been gaining momentum.
Rafael Santana: This is a business that go before the transactional was done. There was a lot of, Ill call, ups and downs through the cycle. I think one of the things that the team has been very purposeful on is making sure we are working with customers to drive what Ill call sustainable investments moving forward, which plays well for the entire ecosystem. Its an element of making sure that were ultimately getting to the right quality, the right value for the products ultimately to better costs as we run some of these programs. And thats been a huge part of the focus. If you think about the focus on 12-month backlog 18, 24, thats a significant part of it. And the longer-term agreements will play them to make sure that weve got the continuation of a lot of the infrastructure that weve got out there that supports the delivery of some of these assets for customers around the world.
Steve Barger: Yes. Thats good color. And the only comment Ill make is mid-single-digit percentage variance around a $21 billion 5-year average is not that lumpy. I think a lot of companies would love to have that. As my follow-up, John, I know you dont want to get into specific line items around the strike, but this was a record quarter for Freight revenue and the best segment margin since 2019. Can you tell us what revenue and margin could have been? And is it fair to say this quarter will not be a high watermark as we think about Freight in 2024?
John Olin: Well, we expect to continue to grow this company in 2024, 2025 and 2026, Steve, and well beyond that. No, I cant pull out what it would look like without. All I can say is it was a tremendous effort on the part of the overall company to be able to deliver that revenue growth and again, I talked about the locomotive piece, right, and that shift. We delivered all the locomotives in the second quarter that we were intending to deliver with the 10-week strike at our largest plant that makes locomotives. So its a tremendous tribute to the team and how the whole company pulled together to continue to work through the strike.
Steve Barger: Got it. Thank you.
John Olin: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kristine Kubacki for closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Kate. And thank you, everyone, for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Wabtec's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Kristine Kubacki, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtec's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions related to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation.  We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics.  I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 4. I'll start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the quarter, and progress against our long-term value creation framework, and then John will cover the financials.  We delivered another strong quarter, evidenced by robust sales and earnings per share growth. We achieved these despite continued volatility and economic challenges. Sales were $2.41 billion, which was up 17.5% versus prior year. Revenue was driven by strong performance from both the Freight and Transit segments. Total cash flow from operations was $115 million. Overall, our financial position remained strong. We continued to execute against our capital allocation framework to maximize shareholder value by investing for the future growth, executing on the strategic M&A like our recent acquisition of L&M, and returning cash to shareholders.  The 12-month backlog was $7.2 billion, up 10%, signifying growing momentum and visibility across the business. The total multiyear backlog was $22.4 billion. Overall, the Wabtec team delivered a strong second quarter, marking a good first half of 2023.  Looking forward, I'm encouraged by the underlying strength and robust momentum across the business. Wabtec is well-positioned to continue driving profitable growth even amidst a challenging economy.  Shifting our focus to Slide 5. Let's talk about our 2023 end market expectations for -- in more details. As we look at key metrics across our Freight business, we remain encouraged by the underlying business momentum and our robust pipeline of opportunities across geographies. North America carloads continue to be down in the quarter and locomotive parkings moved up slightly as we exited the second quarter, but better than we had anticipated as customers prioritize service and fluidity.  We continue to see significant opportunities across the globe in demand for new locomotives, modernizations and digital solutions as our customers invest in solutions that continue to drive reliability, productivity and fuel efficiency.  Looking at the North American railcar builds demand for railcar continues to show growth. The industry outlook for 2023 is for about 45,000 cars to be delivered. Overall, we believe we have an opportunity to continue building significant long-term momentum with growth in modernizations, new locomotive sales, railcar builds, and digital solutions.  Internationally, activity is strong in core markets, such as Brazil, Australia, India, and the CIS region, significant investments to expand and upgrade infrastructure are supporting a very strong international order pipeline.  Finally, moving to the Transit sector, the mega trends remain in place, driving the need for clean, safe and efficient transportation solutions around the globe.  Next, let's turn to Slide 6 to discuss a few recent business highlights. In North America, we secured several key wins, including orders for 30 new locomotives and order for 69 locomotives under our certified preowned program and an order for 60 modernizations from Canadian National that closed after the end of the quarter.  In Australia, we recently won a strategic order for 17 locomotives from CBH, which will support the continued growth of agricultural commodities in the region.  And with regards to our zero emissions portfolio, we also recently signed a strategic order with Vale for 3 flex drive locomotives. These locomotives will pull the world's largest iron ore train, and is expected to remove 63,000 tons of carbon, the equivalent of 14,000 passenger cars per year.  In Transit, we won a major order to supply passenger information systems and Pentagraphs for up to 504 stabler cars for Germany and Austria.  And finally, during June, we completed the bolt-on acquisition of L&M. This strategic acquisition will enhance Wabtec's existing heat transfer portfolio, and we will extend our installed base in mining, providing a solid platform for domestic and international profitable growth.  All of this demonstrates the growing momentum across the business, the team's relentless focus on delivering for our customers and a strong pipeline of opportunities we continue to execute on, Wabtec is well-positioned to continue to capture profitable growth with innovative and scalable technologies that address our customers' most pressing needs.  Turning to Slide 7. I'd like to highlight how Wabtec will provide efficient solutions for our customers by driving their productivity, reducing fuel consumption, and improving safety, while leading the decarbonization of rail across the industry. Wabtec is uniquely positioned to shape a more sustainable future for rail by inventing and developing technologies that provide customers with adaptable and efficient solutions to meet their carbon reduction goals, while providing strong investment returns to our customers given improved reliability, haulageability and fuel efficiency.  Ultimately, we will help lead the industry towards a zero-emissions rail network and we have already started laying that path to get there through new locomotives, modernizations with advancements in utilizing renewable and biofuels, leading in battery electric applications, investing in hydrogen technology, and providing a wide range of digital solutions.  With that, I'll turn the call over to John to review the quarter, segment results and our overall financial performance. John?
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael, and hello, everyone. Turning to Slide 8, I will review our second quarter results in more detail. We delivered another strong quarter of operational and financial performance with underlying business momentum strengthening through the first half of the year.  Sales for the second quarter were $2.41 billion, which reflects a 17.5% increase versus the prior year. Sales were driven by strong growth across all major product lines.  For the quarter, GAAP operating income was up $48 million, driven by higher sales. Adjusted operating margin in Q2 was 16.4%, down 0.3 percentage points versus the prior year. The benefits of higher sales were offset by a less rich mix of sales between and within segments.  GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.06, an which was up 16.5% versus the second quarter a year ago. During the quarter, we had pretax charges of $10 million for restructuring which was primarily related to our Integration 2.0 initiative to further integrate Wabtec's operations and to drive $75 million to $90 million of run rate savings by 2025.  In the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share were $1.41, up 14.6% versus the prior year.  Overall, Wabtec executed a good quarter and a strong first half of 2023. We outperformed our expectations, demonstrating the underlying strength and momentum of business and as a result, we are raising our full year outlook for sales and adjusted earnings.  Now turning to Slide 9. Let's review our product lines in more detail. Second quarter consolidated sales were very strong, up 17.5%. Equipment sales were up 8.9% due to higher locomotive sales this quarter versus last year's second quarter.  Components sales were up 23.1% versus last year, largely driven by the higher OE railcar build and an increase in our market share due to product availability, along with increased demand for industrial products. We also closed the strategic acquisition of L&M late in the quarter, which did not have an impact on components sales during the quarter.  Digital Intelligence sales were up 18.9%, which was driven by robust demand for onboard locomotive products and international PTC, along with revenue contribution from the acquisitions in Q2 of last year.  Our Services sales grew 13.9% and Sales growth was driven by higher sales from increased modernization deliveries and increased parts sales. Our customers continue to recognize a serial performance, reliability, efficiency, and availability across their Wabtec locomotive fleets.  Across our Transit segment, OE and aftermarket sales significantly increased versus last year. Segment sales were up 25.3% to $699 million. The momentum in this segment is strong across our core markets as secular drivers such as urbanization and decarbonization accelerate the need for investments in sustainable infrastructure.  Moving to Slide 10. As forecasted, gross profit margin was slightly lower, driven by a less rich mix and higher manufacturing costs. Mix was unfavorable driven by strong sales from the Transit segment and higher sales of new locomotives and modernizations within the Freight segment. Raw material costs, while still elevated, were largely flat on a year-over-year basis. Foreign currency exchange was unfavorable to sales by $7 million or 0.3 percentage point, and it reduced our second quarter gross profits by $2 million.  Finally, manufacturing costs were positively impacted by favorable fixed cost absorption more than offset by manufacturing inefficiencies at our Erie facility in June.  Our team continues to execute well to mitigate the impact of continued cost pressures by driving operational productivity and lean initiatives.  Turning to Slide 11. For the second quarter, GAAP operating margin was 12.9%, which was flat versus last year, while adjusted operating margin declined 0.3 percentage points to 16.4%. SG&A was $285 million, and adjusted SG&A was $283 million, both of which were up versus the prior year, but down significantly as a percent of sales.  Engineering expense increased from last year according to plan, yet was down 0.2 percentage points as a percentage of sales at 2.2%. We continue to invest in engineering resources and current business opportunities but more importantly, we are investing in our future as the leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customers' productivity, capacity utilization and safety.  Now let's take a look at the segment results on Slide 12, starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales were strong for the quarter, up 14.6%. The GAAP segment operating income was $271 million for an operating margin of 15.9%, up 0.2 percentage points versus last year. Adjusted operating income for the Freight segment was $346 million, up 15% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin in the Freight segment was flat with prior year at 20.3%. The benefits of increased sales, including fixed cost absorption and lower SG&A as a percentage of revenue were offset by unfavorable mix from higher sales of international locos and modernizations as well as nonrecurring expenses from our labor negotiations in Erie.  Finally, segment multiyear backlog was $18.3 billion, down 6.8% from the end of Q2 last year, while the 12-month backlog was $5.3 billion, up 10.3% over the same period. The 12-month backlog continues to show momentum beyond 2023. Conversely, the year-over-year reduction in the backlog was driven by lapping last year's significant multiyear order from Union Pacific for over $1 billion of modernizations.  Now turning to Slide 13. Transit segment sales were up 25.3%, driven by strong OE and aftermarket sales. GAAP operating income was $66 million, up 32.0% and GAAP operating income increased as a result of higher sales and benefits from our Integration 2.0 activities, partially offset by higher restructuring costs. Adjusted segment operating income was $76 million which was up 31.0%. This resulted in adjusted operating margin of 11.1%, up 0.8 percentage point from last year.  Finally, Transit segment multiyear backlog for the quarter was $4.1 billion, up 15.4% versus a year ago.  Now let's turn to our financial position on Slide 14. We Q2 cash from operations was $115 million. While cash flow benefited from higher earnings, we are continuing to invest in the businesses growth, which is driving working capital higher, in particular, receivables and inventory. Despite that, we continue to drive toward a greater than 90% cash conversion for the full year.  Our debt leverage ratio was 2.4x at the end of the second quarter, which was flat versus prior year, primarily due to the acquisition of L&M. As we look forward, we have a $250 million senior note at 4.38% coming due in August. We intend to roll that debt into our delayed draw term facility.  I'd like to spend just a moment on providing some additional color on L&M. As Rafael mentioned, during the quarter, we completed the bolt-on acquisition of L&M. This strategic acquisition will extend and complement our portfolio of premium heat transfer solutions in mining. We purchased L&M for $223 million in cash, and the business is expected to have calendar year 2023 sales of about $130 million.  And finally, we returned $105 million of capital back to shareholders in the quarter through share repurchases and dividends. As you can see in these results, our financial position is strong, and we continue to allocate capital in a balanced strategy to maximize shareholder returns.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Let's flip to Slide 15 to discuss our updated 2023 financial guidance. We believe that the underlying customer demand for our products and solutions is growing across our business. Our order pipeline and 12-month backlog continued to strengthen, providing solid visibility for profitable growth for the rest of 2023 and beyond. . The team is committed to driving strong top line growth while managing costs. We are also committed to driving adjusted margin expansion in 2023 despite a so challenging macro environment. With these factors in mind, we are increasing our previous guidance. We now expect 2023 sales of $9.25 billion to $9.5 billion, up 12% from last year at the midpoint and adjusted EPS to be between $5.50 and $5.80 per share, up 16% at the midpoint.  We also expect cash flow conversions to be greater than 90%. Now let's wrap up on Slide 16. As you heard today, our team delivered another strong quarter to the year despite an uncertain and volatile environment. Thanks in large part to our resilient installed base, world-class team, innovative solutions and our relentless focus on our customers.  Our results remain on track for us to deliver on our 5-year outlook that we provided at our Investor Day last year, with strong item across the portfolio, increased visibility through our strengthening order pipeline, and a rigorous focus on execution Wabtec is well-positioned to drive profitable long-term growth and maximize shareholder returns.  With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning. And I'll now turn the call over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First question will be from Justin Long from Stephens.
Justin Long: Based on the updated full year guidance, I was wondering if you could share how you're expecting third quarter and fourth quarter to look on a relative basis. Do you think they'll look similar from a revenue and earnings perspective? I just wanted to better understand the cadence that you're anticipating when you think about the timing of deliveries, mix, or anything else we should be mindful of in the back half? .
John Olin: Great, Justin. This is John. Justin, when we look at the back half cadence, starting with revenue, we would expect the majority of our revenue growth to come in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. And again, this is due to the way that the orders have come in and production is scheduled as well as we got a little lapping benefit over a slightly easier comp from a revenue standpoint.  When we look at the earnings side or margin side of the equation, we would see the opposite or expect the opposite, Justin. We would expect the majority of our earnings growth our margin growth to come in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And that is simply because we're lapping a much easier comp in the fourth quarter of last year than we have in the third quarter.
Justin Long: Okay. That's very helpful. Second question I had was on the Freight Services segment. We saw some notable strength there in the second quarter. Is there a way you can help us think about the growth in that segment if you exclude mods? And then going forward, I was wondering if you could share what you're assuming for locomotive utilization. It sounds like parkings were maybe a little bit better than you thought, but we're hearing from some of the rails that locomotives are getting put into storage. So I just wanted to kind of marry those 2 trends.
Rafael Santana: Justin, you're right. So I think we'll see, especially as we go into the second half of the year, and beyond the second half, I think you'll see acceleration of growth in services. Some of that, I mean, you see it with some recent order that we announced here. So mods is a growth case continuing to us moving forward, so that continues to be a positive.  When it comes down to parkings, We're seeing really active fleet staying steady side, any element of really fluctuation within the year, but the focus on services continues, and we feel very good about our fleet stamps out there providing really, I'll call, significant benefits to the customer when compared to our competitors' fleets. And that's both in terms of reliability, availability, fuel efficiency, which is a significant element here. We stand with really feel better than in average more than 5% on every single one of our platforms. So we don't expect no signs of any significant changes on that active fleet eater.
Operator: Our next question will be from Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: It's Rob on for Chris. Could you give us a sense in terms of the backlog, obviously, it increased over the 12 months sequentially. How should we think about just that conversion in '23 versus kind of '24?
Rafael Santana: Yes. I'll start just with, I feel very good about our overall backlog. I feel strong about the pipeline of opportunities that the team is working on. I think the overall underlying growth fundamentals of the business is also strong. As you said, the 12 months is up 10%. It's accelerating. Last quarter was 4.4%.  The current total backlog is also healthy. So while it's down 3.5%, I look at it in conjunction with the multiyear $1 billion order that we got from Union Pacific and the auto multibillion-dollar auditor opportunities were being worked right now and with the team. So we see good momentum internationally. We see it in North America. It's positive. We're progressing, and we're continuing to grow and our pipeline supports it.  In terms of the convertibility, the 12 months, already provides you a view into '24, and we continue to see strength in the pipeline.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful. And just piggyback on Justin's question. Your response you said -- I thought I heard you saying that you're expecting acceleration of services growth. So should I think about that stepping up from the roughly 14% you guys did in 2Q in the back half of the year. And maybe if you could provide a little bit more context.
Rafael Santana: First half versus second half of the year. That's where I made the comment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's helpful. And how are you thinking about services growth longer term? .
Rafael Santana: It continues. I mean, as you saw, I think the demand for a lot of the solutions we have there continues to be robust. We have an opportunity to modernize a significant part of the fleet there. I think customers are really looking into it. You see based on the announcement we just made yesterday. When you're looking at 18% fuel savings, 40% improvement on reliability, 55% on pulling power. Those are significant numbers that are really compelling in terms of driving, not the quality of the service you're providing to your customers, but reducing your costs. And I think that these some of the fundamentals will continue to build on growth for the modernization of the fleet and demand for new units as well. .
Operator: Next question will be from Wertheimer Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: So just to clarify on gross margin, obviously, you mentioned that you had mix headwinds between segments and within. Is mix the entire driver of the down gross margin? Or is there any price/cost or anything else to catch up still? And then was there a mix drag within Transit as a segment? .
John Olin: Okay, Rob, this is John. Looking at the quarter, we came in -- margin came in 16.4%, down 0.3 percentage point. As we talked about in the earlier quarter, we expected the first half to be flat on margin. So margins were down a little bit more than we expected. The key driver of that, Rob, was the inefficiencies we're experiencing at our facility in Erie behind the strike. So that is the biggest driver.  The mix we anticipated, the mix within the groups we anticipated on locomotives and mods in the original guidance. But the difference really is the inefficiencies at our facility at York -- I mean, at Erie.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect. Okay. Got it. And then if I can ask a different one, on hybrid electric, the wind, mining, the biggest iron ore train in the world. I don't know what the size of that market is and what your expectation for the pace of testing validation and potential future orders maybe? I wonder if you have any comments you can make.
Rafael Santana: I do. We're continuing to first make progress on battery electric. I think that order is a great example of that. We're developing a supply chain around it to make sure that we make really the overall product reliable first deliveries are happening next year. We're continuing to work actively with customers, both in North America and internationally. . There is demand out there to further expand the use of the technology. We're working with customers to really make sure that we pace as we step into it. Fuel continues to, of course, be a significant element of cost for our customers. I think there is a really significant opportunity for us to continue to grow that, and we're going to pace it as we grow into different geographies. That's I think the exciting piece. It's not a demand around one specific customer or one specific segment. I think we have an opportunity to apply that battery concept also in conjunction with, what we call, not just a hybrid product, but hybrid systems as well. I recently came back from Europe and there's, I'll call it, significant opportunity for us there as well.
Operator: Our next question will be from Saree Boroditsky from Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: This is James on for Saree. So I wanted to touch on Integration 2.0. So can you provide an update on how Integration 2.0 is progressing? And how should we think about cost savings into 2024?
John Olin: Great, James. So as we've talked out, when we announced Integration 2.0 a little bit over a year ago that we would invest $155 million to $165 million and expect ongoing savings of $75 million to $90 million. We're off to a great start as we talked about at the end of the '22 investment was a little bit ahead of schedule, which is a good thing.  And as we ended last year, we were at run rate savings of $5 million. In the 6 months that we've had this year, we've over doubled that, and the trajectory will continue through the remainder of 2023, and add to a fair amount of our incremental margin in the back half as well as through 2024 as we head up to that $75 million to $90 million run rate in 2025.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. That's helpful. And just following up on the Erie plant strike. So can you provide like a little bit more detail on the strike and how that is affecting the production schedule like revenue mix given that the facility was more focused on like components like customized locomotive for international and electric locomotives?
Rafael Santana: I'll start with, over the last 2 years, we have successfully reached an agreement with all of our union and nonunion side. So we're working on collaboration. We remain committed to the workforce with that, We remain optimistic that we can reach an agreement here in a timely manner. From a financial perspective, plan to realize for a variety of outcomes and contingencies here and we do not mistake any impact to the full year revenue. .
Operator: Our next question will be from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: A quick question on the outlook. Your 5% revenue growth at 5% earnings growth. So it really implies sort of lack of leverage on that revenue. Is that just simply a mix situation that's driving that? Just any -- if you could walk us through that.
Rafael Santana: Allison, you're talking about within the quarter?
Allison Poliniak: No, for the full year, the guidance raised nice revenue guidance raise, but EPS really just in line with that revenue guide, just implies the lower incrementals. I just want to understand if that's just purely mix, if there's something else within that that's driving sort of a lack of incrementals there. .
John Olin: Sure, Allison. So yes, we're thrilled to be able to raise our revenue guidance from the midpoint of up 6% to up 12%. And driven by the underlying momentum that we've experienced, right? And that's continued from the back half of last year into the -- through the first half of this year.  When we look at the earnings guide, it was up from a midpoint of 5.65% or up 10% to up 16%. So what we're seeing is a couple of things. You're not seeing the increase in revenue coming through in earnings. And Allison, that's for 3 reasons. One is in the first quarter, we had some additional investment in our next-generation technology. for our PDS software that's dispatch software. And so that's a onetime event that kind of will bring the earnings down on a full year basis.  The second driver of that is the strike in Erie. That does have costs. Rafael mentioned, we don't expect any impact on revenue for the year, but it does have a cost. And we had cost in that in the first -- in the second quarter, but we'll also have some costs in the third quarter. So that's included in that as well, again, more on the onetime side.  And the third area is higher interest cost. As you can see in the quarter, interest was up about 25% to $11 million. We would expect interest to be higher in the back half as well. partly behind the L&M acquisition, but also the refinancing of some debt that we've got come and do. So Allison, when you take those 3 things that's the difference between the growth rate of revenue and the growth rate of earnings.
Allison Poliniak: Great. That's very helpful. And then on the digital side, if I recall, it's always been more, I would say, cyclically sensitive and it doesn't seem to be exhibiting that sort of same trend. Is it sort of a change in how your customers are approaching that product? Is this sort of the investment that you've done that they can gain maybe even more efficiencies than they did in prior cycles so they're pushing through that investment? Just trying to understand sort of how -- why a book that's very cyclical or trend exhibit.
Rafael Santana: So a couple of points here, Allison. First. I mean, as you saw, I mean, we had significant order buildup in the last 2 years has positioned the business really well. from a backlog perspective. A good chunk of that was drilling international orders, somewhere my year agreements. As you go more international, it's a bit more lumpy. So we would expect that to play out over the different quarters. But -- and the auto comment I would make no different than the previous years. we need to really drive convertibility into the shorter-term orders that continue to deliver on the year results.  But backlog coverage is better than we've had before. We like the fundamentals of the business, but would it not to be lumpy.
Operator: Our next question will be from Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Ivan Yi: It's Ivan Yi on for Scott. First of all, your revenue guidance updated to $9.4 billion at the midpoint implies a 12% increase in total sales this year. How much of that 12% increase is volume versus how much of that is price?
John Olin: We would look at price on a full year basis to be in the 1% to 2% range.
Ivan Yi: Perfect. And secondly, can you provide some background on the pace of absolute locomotive modernizations, meaning how many mods did you do in '22? What are you're expecting in '23? And can you talk about '24? And then lastly, what is the timing of the 60 mods for CN?
Rafael Santana: So I think we're not get into any specifics of '24. Of course, it's sort of early for that. We expect growing momentum modernization portfolio. And you see that. I think the order you just asked about CN. It's part of that, and we see that growth momentum much as going to '23. We see that momentum going into really '24 and beyond. So just a good backlog. .
Operator: Our next question will be from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Rafael and John, I'm wondering if you could just talk about in Transit, you've had really strong bookings for 3 quarters now, The top line inflection this quarter. Are we at a point where this business has earned the right to grow, and we could see more substantial pickup in top line now that the margins are where you need them be? In other words, is there more runway based on the bookings and the performance this quarter for the momentum to continue in Transit?
Rafael Santana: Jerry, first, the fundamentals for the business remain strong. I think despite of a more competitive environment, I look at our book-to-bill ratios over 1, The 12-month backlog is up 9%. The multiyear is up double digits. But I'll tell you, while we are pleased with the progress, there's significant work ahead of us to simplify the footprint to further improve and sustain margins. We're going to have variation quarter-to-quarter but the mandates there, and the team is executing on expanding margins.  And we feel we're building competitiveness in the business. So we ultimately drive profitable growth. So it feels good from that perspective. And we're going to continue to drive that there. We continue to have opportunities.
Jerry Revich: So the point where we're putting up north of 20% top line growth. It sounds like, based on the backlog, that should continue into the back half?
Rafael Santana: So the backlog is strong, but we're also overlapping what all easy comps from last year. if you think about just the top line, if you remember, some of the disruptions we had associated with not just supply chain, but we also had, at that point, a cyber incident. .
Jerry Revich: And in Freight, really impressive performance in service in an environment where freight volumes have obviously not been very good. Can you just talk about for your Service business ex mods, what are some factors that are contributing to the performance because if all of the year-over-year sales growth was driven by mods? That would be a pretty dramatic ramp. So it feels like the core business is doing pretty well ex mods given the gap versus freight volumes. I'm wondering if you could just comment on that if you don't mind, Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Fleet is active. It's running hard, right? We the different markets we serve, say, Kazakhstan or Australia. I think there's just strong demand out there when you look at the pipeline of opportunities. So I think those things are ultimately connected.  In North America, where you could have expected that change in the active fleet. I think it's holding, holding strong. It's again back to the focus on both services. And I think we stand with a significant advantage in our fleet in terms of fuel savings, in terms of haulage capability, and reliability. And that's really critical to our customers right now.
Operator: Our next question will be from Steve Barger, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Robert Barger: Can you talk about the margin profile for new business you're booking relative to the margin profile in the next 12-month backlog? And then just generally, is new business looking higher margin than old business? .
John Olin: Yes. Steve, this is John. Absolutely. We've watched our margins come up over the last couple of years, and that is a function of bringing in better orders at higher profit. And so as we look forward to the backlog we've talked about, we feel great about it overall, not only from a standpoint of the revenue it will drive in the future, but also from a profitability standpoint. And it is booked at a higher margin than we've seen in the past.
Robert Barger: Got it. And total backlog has contracted. I know it's not much, but it's been a couple of quarters now. When you think about the size of the new deals you're signing and the pipeline, versus what's scheduled to come out of backlog in the back half. Would you expect it to continue contracting this year? .
Rafael Santana: Steve, I'll tell you use [indiscernible]. Yes, the total backlog is down. It's going to be lumpy as we have those, I'll call multibillion-dollar deals. We've got more than a couple of those being worked right now, so that could drive some lumpiness. I think our focus here is making sure that we've got the convertibility moving forward. And of course, as you look into the convertibility 12 months, 18 months and 24 months. So we track that, and we feel very strong about that. And it's really in the pipeline of the deals that we're working on, and we're continuing to grow that and it's really supported by our pipeline. .
Operator: Our next question will be from [indiscernible] of Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: [Indiscernible] on for Ken Hoexter. We've covered a lot. Maybe just to touch on the M&A pipeline. Is there anything you can share broadly about verticals or geographies of interest in this space?
Rafael Santana: Of course, I mean, we're not going to go into any of the specifics here. We are continuing to explore bolt-on acquisitions. We're going to be very opportunistic here. They will be strategic, they will drive a higher ROIC, ultimately accelerate profit for Wabtec increase shareholder value. I think L&M is really a great example of that. So we're active, really trying to make sure that we find those opportunities. .
Unidentified Analyst: And then maybe just going over to Transit. You've mentioned a mid-teens margin target in the past. Just -- maybe give us a sense of how we are trending there versus initial expectations? Any view over the next coming years? Maybe that could be achieved earlier than initially thought.
Rafael Santana: I'll maybe start, and I'll pass it on to John. I think we're continuing the mandate. We feel strong about it. [indiscernible] and the team working on really continued trajectory. It's never study and precise. There's always some bumps along the way, but we feel strong about continuing to drive the simplification on that business improving the competitiveness and a lot of opportunities here. .
John Olin: Yes. And as I mentioned earlier on the question on Integration 2.0, right? We're going to see that continue to ramp. The majority of the benefit will accrue to our Transit group. So we feel great about consolidation and the integration that's happening here and the results that it's starting to spin. And part of the benefit we saw in margin growth in Transit in the quarter was due to Integration 2.0.  And the other one is, the other question with regards to the backlog. We continue to bring in volume in the backlog, we're very focused on making sure that it is coming in at a higher margin. And we are focused on bringing in good, profitable business versus revenue in the Transit Group.
Operator: Our next question will be from Matt Elkott, TD Cowen.
Matthew Elkott: On the 69 certified preowned locomotives, do you guys foresee any similar opportunities going forward? And if you can provide some insight maybe on to like the revenue and margin profiles of those locomotives, if not on an absolute basis, at least kind of relative to mods?
Rafael Santana: I'm not going to get into the specifics of that program. But what I'll tell you, that program provides a significant opportunity for us to, number one, as we think about our products, it's how we cascade those products down. So they're not just on core mainline, we often focus a lot of the dialogue here around 16,000 locomotives that we got running out there. There's a number of auto locomotives running in short lines in yards, and we see an opportunity to cascade that fleet down antiquated with a fleet that's more efficient, it causes less emissions, able to pull more.  So a lot of those same fundamentals. And I think that's where we look at building and it provides, again, a significant strength for our Services business as there will be a pull there in terms of providing spare parts and things like that. So really excited about gaining momentum on that front, sure.
Matthew Elkott: And Rafael, also it sounds like this is not that you guys have done actively to any meaningful extent in the past and it's kind of a fairly new area for you, these certified preowned units.
Rafael Santana: I'd say we've done some of that for the class ones, especially bringing, what I'll call, older Dash nice and modernizing those into AC technology. I think it's the first time we do with like a short line. And I think there is a significant opportunity there. So you're right about that.
Matthew Elkott: Okay. And then are these -- is the guidance raise partly in part because of this order that you got, I think you got it last month? .
Rafael Santana: I would say that -- I would say not. There'll be a little bit in there, but not to the extent to drive the overall guidance, Matt. It's the underlying momentum we've talked about for the last year continues to come at us and the backlog continues to fill. It'll be more of an impact on the future growth as we look to '24 and beyond.
John Olin: Exactly.
Matthew Elkott: Got it. And then just one question on the 30 new loco orders in North America. You called them strategic. Can you tell us what that means? And given the fact that it's good to see new orders starting to come back in North America over the past year or so, what does that mean to the new build versus mod mix for next year?
Rafael Santana: I think it just validates what we've been saying, I mean, in some cases, customers will look at modernization as a better solution for some of the fleet dynamics they've got, in some other cases, it's going to come with really new locomotives. And so we see both active, and I think the fact that you continue to see that. I think that's really a positive in terms of the dynamics that we're looking into the North America market.  So there is really a commitment to continue to drive service to invest in the fleets that are really at this stage at the oldest levels in at least a couple of decades. So a good opportunity here.
John Olin: And Matt, from a financial standpoint, we're pretty indifferent whether it's a modernization or a new, right? We talked about new comes with a higher revenue and modernization with a higher margin. And so overall, we're pretty indifferent as long as they're Wabtec locomotives, we're good.
Matthew Elkott: And if I missed it, did you guys say what the purpose of those? These are just diesel locomotives for replacement? Or is there a technology element?
Rafael Santana: I think there's both. I mean, there's certainly a technology element here, and they're going to be used to really pull freight more efficiently about there.
Operator: Next question will be from Steve Barger, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Robert Barger: Just a quick clarification. I think you said the Erie situation could be a swing factor in the back half, but I also thought I heard you say that it would be onetime. So can you clarify if expected costs from that are included or excluded in the back half EPS range? .
Rafael Santana: They are absolutely included in our revised guidance, Steve?
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Ms. Kristine Kubacki for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. And thank you, everyone, for your time today. We appreciate it, and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Westinghouse First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wabtecs first quarter 2023 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana, CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Todays slide presentation along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on our investor relations tab on WabtecCorp.com. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine. And good morning, everyone. Lets move to Slide 4. Ill start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the quarter and progress against our long-term value creation framework. And then John will cover the financials. We delivered a strong start to the year, which is evidenced by robust sales and earnings per share growth. We achieved this despite a volatile and uncertain macro environment. Sales were roughly $2.2 billion, which was up 14% versus prior year. Revenue was driven by strong performance across the freight and transit segments, but partially offset by unfavorable effects. Total cash flow used for operations was $25 million. Overall, our financial position remains strong. We continue to allocate capital to maximize shareholder returns by investing from future growth, executing on a strategic M&A and returning cash to shareholders. Total multi-year backlog was $22.3 billion down 2% year-over-year, and excluding the headwinds from FX, backlog was down four tenths of a percent from last year. The 12-month backlog again grew to a new high of $6.9 billion. Overall, we have a strong start to the year. The underlying strength and momentum of the business is evidence. And were well positioned to continue to drive profitable growth, even with uncertainty and volatility in the global economy. We remain confident in our ability to execute on our rigorous operating principles as we continue to deliver for our customers and make progress against our long-term growth strategies. Shifting our focus to Slide 5, lets talk about our 2023 end market expectations in more details. As we look at key metrics across our freight businesses, we remain encouraged by the underlying business momentum in our robust pipeline of opportunities. North America carloads were down in the quarter, but locomotive parkings are slightly lower than the same time last year, despite lower freight traffic. We continue to see significant opportunities in demand for modernizations and new locomotives as our customers invest in solutions that continue to drive reliability, productivity and fuel efficiency. Looking at the North America railcar build, demand for rail cars continued to show strength. As a result, the industry outlook for 2023 is for 40 to 45,000 cars to be delivered. Overall, we believe we have an opportunity to continue building significant long-term momentum, with growth in modernisations in locomotive sales, in railcar belts, and in digital solutions. Internationally activity also continues to show positive signs, and we continue to grow our install base of locomotives around the world. Finally, transitioning through the transit sector the secular drivers remaining place as the need for clean, safe and efficient transportation solutions continue to increase across the world. Next, lets turn to slide 6, to discuss a few recent business highlights. We recently signed a strategic order for new locomotives in Brazil with VLI, which results from the growing investments in Brazils infrastructure to support growing rail volumes. We also secured a key order for our new Ultra class mining drive system, specifically targeted for high altitude applications. Reflecting on the resilience of the business, the strength of our balance sheet, and our ability to generate strong cash flow, Moodys recently upgraded while Wabtecs credit rating. And finally, our team in India achieved a significant milestone by delivering 500 locomotives in a 1000 unit order to Indian railways. As one of the regions largest rail equipment suppliers the team has positioned Wabtec and our customers for growth for years to come. All of this demonstrates the underlying momentum in the business, the teams relentless focus on execution and the strong pipeline of opportunities we continue to deliver on. Wabtecs well positioned to continue to capture profitable growth with innovative and scalable technologies that address our customers most pressing needs. With that, Ill turn the call over to John to review the quarter, segment results and our overall financial performance, John?
John Olin: Thanks, Raphael and good morning. Turning to slide 7, Ill review our first quarter results in more detail. We started the year with another good quarter of operational and financial performance, despite continued challenges in foreign currency exchange, and still elevated input costs. Sales for the first quarter were $2.19 billion, which reflects a 13.9% increase versus the prior year. Sales were driven by very strong trade segments sales, which were up 18.5% from last year. Q1 sales were once again negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange, which reduced our revenue growth in the quarter by 2.9 percentage points. For the quarter, GAAP operating income was up $37 million driven by higher sales. Adjusted operating margin in Q1 was 16.4%, down 0.1 percentage points versus the prior year as we had expected. The benefits of higher sales were offset by a less rich mix of sales between business groups and higher next generation product development costs. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.93, which was up 16.3% versus the first quarter a year ago. During the quarter, we had pretax charges of $9 million for restructuring, which was related to our integration 2.0 initiative to further integrate Wabtecs operations and to drive $75 million to $90 million of run rate savings by 2025. In the quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share, were $1.28 up 13.3% versus the prior year. Overall, Wabtec delivered another solid quarter of results demonstrating the underlying strength and momentum of the business and our ability to navigate through volatile macroeconomic conditions. Turning to slide 8, lets review our product lines in more detail. First quarter consolidated sales were very strong up 13.9%. Excluding foreign currency exchange, sales were up 16.8%. Equipment sales were up 43.4% from last year, due to higher locomotive sales this quarter versus last year. Component sales were up 21.8% versus last year, largely driven by higher OE railcar build and an increase in our market share due to product availability, along with increased demand for industrial products. Digital Intelligence sales were up 22.2% which was driven by robust demand for onboard locomotive products and international PTC along with revenue contribution from the strategic bolt-on acquisitions of Beena Vision and ARINC last year. Our services sales grew 6.2% versus last year. The increase was driven by higher sales from a larger active fleet partially offset by the timing of mags deliveries in the year. The superior performance reliability and availability of our fleet continues to drive increased customer demand for our services and solutions. Across our transit segment, sales increased 3.8% versus prior year to $628 million. Absent the impacts of foreign currency exchange, transit sales would have been up 9.6%. The momentum in this segment remains positive as secular drivers such as urbanization and decarbonisation accelerate the need for investments in green infrastructure. Now moving to slide 9, as forecasted, gross profit margin was slightly lower driven by a less rich mix, unfavorable foreign currency exchange and higher manufacturing costs. Mix was unfavorable, driven by strong sales of locomotives and our equipment business. Raw material costs, while still elevated are largely flat on a year-over-year basis. Foreign Currency Exchange adversely impacted revenues by 2.9 percentage points, and adversely impacted first quarter gross profits by $14 million. Finally, manufacturing costs were positively impacted by productivity gains and higher absorption offset by higher digital development costs. Our team continues to execute well to mitigate the impact of these cost pressures by driving operational productivity and lean initiatives. Turning to slide 10, for the first quarter GAAP operating margin improved 0.2 percentage points to 12.6% while adjusted operating margin declined slightly to 16.4%. GAAP SG&A was $263 million and adjusted SG&A was $258 million, both of which were up versus prior year, but down as a percentage of sales. Engineering expense increased from last year according to plan and was flat as a percentage of sales at 2.3%. We continue to invest engineering resources and current business opportunities. But more importantly, we are investing in our future as a industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customers productivity, capacity, utilization, and safety. Now lets take a look at the segment results on slide 11. Starting with the freight segment, as I already discussed freight segments sales were strong for the quarter up 18.5%. GAAP segment operating income was $227 million for an operating margin of 14.5% up 0.2 percentage points versus last year. Segment adjusted operating income was $297 million up 14.7% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin in the freight segment was 19.0%. Adjusted operating margin was down six tenths of a percentage point on a year-over-year basis. The benefits of increased sales, including fixed absorption and lower SG&A as a percentage of revenue were more than offset by unfavorable mix and higher next generation product development costs in our digital group. Finally, segment backlog was $18.4 billion down 3.5% from the end of Q1 last year. On a constant currency basis, segment backlog was down 2.3%. The year-over-year reduction in backlog was driven by lapping last years multi-year order for modernizations. Now turning to slide 12, transit segment sales were up 3.8% driven by higher aftermarket sales, partially offset by negative effects of foreign currency exchange. Unfavorable foreign currency exchange adversely impacted segments sales by 5.8 percentage points. GAAP operating income was $69 million up 6.2%. GAAP operating income increased as a result of higher sales, improved mix from aftermarket sales and benefits from our integration 2.0 activities partially offset by higher restructuring costs. Adjusted segment operating income was $83 million, which was up 12.2%. This resulted in an adjusted operating margin of 13.1% up 0.8 percentage points from last year. Finally, transit segment backlog for the quarter was $4.0 billion up 6.3% versus a year ago, on a constant currency basis backlog would have been up 9.3%. Now lets turn to our financial position on slide 13. Q1 cash used for operations was $25 million. While cash flow benefited from higher earnings, we are continuing to invest in the businesss growth, which is driving working capital higher in particular, receivables and inventory. Despite that we continue to expect greater than 90% cash conversion for the full year. Our debt leverage ratio at the end of the first quarter declined to 2.3 times versus the prior year. And our liquidity was robust at $2 billion. As Raphael mentioned, during the quarter, Moodys upgraded our credit rating, which reflects the strength of the balance sheet and the outlook for continued strong cash flow. With the Moodys upgrade. Wabtec is rated investment grade across all three rating agencies. And finally, we returned a significant amount of capital to our shareholders in the quarter with $209 million returned through share repurchases and dividends. As you can see in these results, our financial position is strong and we continue to allocate capital and a balanced strategy to maximize shareholder returns. With that, Id like to turn the call back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Lets flip to slide 14 to discuss our 2023 financial guidance. We believe that the underlying customer demand for our products and solutions remain strong across our product lines and our backlog continues to provide good visibility into 2023 and beyond. The team is committed to driving strong top line growth while managing costs. Were also committed to driving adjusted margin expansion in 2023 despite FX volatility our still challenging cost environment and continued supply chain disruptions. With this factors in mind, we are reiterating our previous guidance, we continue to expect 2023 sales of $8.7 billion to $9 billion and adjusted EPS, to be between $5.15 and $5.55 per share. We also expect cash flow conversion to be greater than 90%. Now, lets wrap up on slide 15. As you heard today, our team delivered a strong start to the year despite a challenging and volatile environment, thanks in large part to our resilient installed base, world class team, innovative solutions and our relentless focus on our customers. Our results remain on track for us to deliver on our five year outlook, that we provided our investor day last year, with strong momentum across the portfolio, increased visibility through our multiyear backlog and rigorous focus on execution, Wabtec is well positioned to drive profitable long-term growth and maximize shareholder returns. With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning. Ill turn the call over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion, Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you Raphael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask you that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Justin Long of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks. And good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Long: I was wondering if you could help us think through the assumption in your guidance for North American locomotive utilization over the rest of the year. What percentage of the locomotive fleet are you assuming gets parked by the end of 2023? And as we think about your sensitivity to that, is there any way you could speak to the percentage of your freight services revenue thats transaction based that would be impacted by that trend.
Rafael Santana: So Justin, Ill start with a strong quarter. We finished with a strong pipeline of opportunities. And I think we continue to add on some really important options here for multiyear orders. As you look into the quarter specifically, I would say revenues were a bit higher. Piece of that was the alleviation of the supply chain. But the other one was really a piece of, Ill call, locomotive parkings being actually a positive. So there were lower parking than we had for last year. Thats not what we have planned for the year. The plan for the year was to locomotive parkings to be up. So with that, we do expect that to be more amplified in the second half of the year. For the first half, I think we will continue to be a positive. I think ultimately, a lot of thats going to depend on the improvement of both velocity and well times. And thats, I think, ultimately going to be determinant. So I wanted to speculate, I think we feel very strong about the dynamics of the year based on the backlog that we have. The convertibility really is high for the year. At this point, we moved into a new high from the 12-month backlog. So we feel confident about our ability to deliver on the guidance that we provided at this point.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. And on the percentage of your freight services business thats tied  its more transaction-based. John, is there any color on that you could provide?
John Olin: Well, out of the $2.5 billion, a good $2 billion of it is tied to the service contracts, right? And if the locomotives are running, were earning and if theyre parked, we dont. So we dont provide, Justin, the amount in our forecast. But as Rafael had mentioned, on a full year basis, we expected the parkings to grow, be up, which would be a headwind to revenue. What we saw in the first quarter was a slight reduction. So again, a little bit of a benefit. And that drove a little bit more revenue than what we expected in the quarter. But on a full year basis, Justin, we would expect to get to that target or even a little bit higher. And the reason I say a little bit higher is that, if you remember last quarter, we talked about our assumption on carloads, and that was for flat. And coming out of the first quarter, flat doesnt feel is likely now given the fact that carloads were down to 3.6%. So that could amplify a little bit of the parking. But Justin, to answer your question specifically, we dont provide that number. But weve got 16,000 of them running in North America and the fewer that run a little bit less that we get in revenue.
Justin Long: Understood. And as a follow-up, John, you were helpful last quarter and helping us think through the quarterly cadence thats baked into the guidance in terms of both revenue and operating margins. Just curious if you have any updated thoughts as we look out the rest of the year based on whats coming in the backlog mix, etcetera?
John Olin: Yes. Great question, Justin. So we talked about last time, it was around margin as well as revenue. And starting with margin, we had said that we expect the margin to grow on a full year basis in line with our long-term plans. And that growth would all come in the back half. So we expect the first half on margin to be flat, and thats really where were at. On a year-over-year basis, actually, were down about 0.1% so kind of check on that one. We feel good about where were at versus our plan, and that leads us to revenue. And last time we talked about revenue, growing faster in the first half than the second half. And again, we had strong revenue growth in the first quarter. As Rafael had mentioned that revenue growth did exceed our expectations. And when we looked at putting the plan together, Justin, we look from launching from the fourth quarter, right? And when you take out currency, the fourth quarter was up 15.7%. And we expected a little bit of tempering from the fourth quarter. And what we got is a little bit of an acceleration, and we ended up ex currency at 16.8%. And so that difference of revenue, some of thats being pulled from the back half. So that was driven by three things. One is our assumption on supply disruption. It was a little bit more front-loaded than we had planned. So that drove a little bit more. The second area we talked about parkings. We had forecasted it to be up. It was down and that added a little bit to that revenue over our expectations. And then the third one is in our Components group. Components was able to take market share. We still feel very good about our carload build of 40 to 45. But because of the availability and the investment that weve made in working capital and inventory, in particular, we were able to take a little bit of share due to availability. So most of those will reverse themselves out in the back half. And so largely from a revenue standpoint, were on track with where we expected to be. Again, a little bit more in the first quarter, and that will come out -- most of that will come out a little bit in the next 3 quarters.
Q - Justin Long: Okay. Got it. Congrats on the quarter.
John Olin: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to go back to the services piece. John, I think you made a comment that there was some impact timing of mod deliveries this quarter. Could you give a little color there on how we should think about through the balance of the year?
John Olin: Yes. So when we looked at the full year, and we talked about the last couple of quarters that we expect our mods to be up double digit on the year. But when we look at the quarter, Allison, actually mods were down a fair amount in the first quarter. And thats nothing to get excited about. Thats the way it was planned. And well have still that double-digit growth by the end of the year. So thats the cadence that were referring to. I think where it comes in to be important, Allison, is when you look at the fourth quarter, mix was a big driver of that unfavorability. And at that time, we had talked about both locomotives and mods being up quite significantly driving that. In the first quarter, mix is unfavorable, but not to the same extent that we saw in the fourth quarter, because we had a little bit of offset and the mods being down in the quarter. And we also saw a very strong growth, as you saw in our equipment group, with regards to the locomotives.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. And then just on the digital side, really strong growth there. Is there -- I know its what, 10% on an organic basis. Is part of that growth sort of the catch up now that some of the supply chain is starting to ease, I think, on the electronic component side? Or is this sort of kind of on trend to where you thought. And this should be the number that we should be thinking through the balance of the year for Digital?
John Olin: There was a little bit of catch up in the computer chips. I wouldnt say a lot. And again, the first time we started to see the computer chip market ease was in the fourth quarter. And so we saw a little bit more easing. But not a huge portion of it, Allison, but a bit of it.
Rafael Santana: Allison, Ill just add that -- I mean the good of you saw in the last 2 years, I think has positioned the business well from a backlog perspective. Some of these were multiyear agreements. So the backlog coverage is actually better than it was a year ago. So the team with that continues to be really very much focused on making sure that we drive convertibility into 2023 still got to work through that.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Ivan Yi: This is Ivan Yi on for Scott Group. First, following the Norfolk derailment in East Palestine, what potential regulatory initiatives could Wab benefit from? And I know Wab does not manufacture the hot bearing detectors. But are you seeing any uptick in orders for other detection systems? Can you get into the hot box market? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: A couple of comments there. First, I mean, were not going to comment on the accident per se. But if you think about rail safety, I think this is a top priority for both us and for our customers. I think similarly to what we do in efficiency or carbon emissions, I mean we continue to partner with customer share to further improve rail safety, rail productivity, emissions. We are working with a number of customers on technologies that help really further detect and anticipate any failure of systems or subsystems, and thats continued to be a part of opportunities we have to continue to always drive continuous improvement in the space.
Ivan Yi: Thank you. And just on a follow-up, can you discuss the M&A market? In what areas or regions are you most actively looking right now for any potential acquisitions? Thank you.
A - Rafael Santana: Well, when we think of inorganic, I mean, were continuing to explore bolt-on acquisitions. To some extent, we will continue to be opportunistic here. This needs to really ultimately drive higher ROIC and faster profitable growth for the business. With that being said, I think our focus continues to be very much on driving organic growth for a lot of the investments that were doing on technology. We believe that will continue to drive momentum in terms of the opportunities we have here in the combination of modernizations and new locomotive sales. And with that, we continue to see opportunities to return value to shareholders. Our Board recently renewed the authorization for $750 million buybacks. And with that, we continue to be committed to pay down that.
Ivan Yi: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Wertheimer of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you. Good morning everybody. I had two questions on international freight. And one was just on locomotives. Is there any shift in trend there? Or is strength just normal variability in production and delivery? And then second, I wonder, kind of a bigger picture question, if you could just give us a state of the market PTC and digital, in general, across international freight? And what the runway looks like there?
Rafael Santana: Okay. So first, we continue to see a strong pipeline of deals here. We see good momentum, both internationally and in North America. Our team continues to be really focused on order conversion. If you think about internationally, whether its Brazil, Kazakhstan, Africa, Australia, weve had really a number of projects that are being discussed at this point. And in North America as well, I think there continues to be an opportunity here to really drive productivity and efficiency, really renewing a fleet thats quite aged and theres significant opportunities there. So with that in mind, I think this is probably the best visibility weve had over the last years -- in the next 3 years. And we see the opportunity here to continue to drive really momentum towards delivering the 5-year guidance we provided last year. You asked specifically some elements of PTC and internationally. Were continuing to expand, and we will be deploying PTC in another market internationally. So I think thats a big part of the opportunity, and were having the opportunity here to upgrade those systems. So the momentum there continues on driving innovation, driving really the next general products that will drive both efficiency and productivity for customers. So a positive from that perspective. And on Transit, I mean, I think the trends continue to be positive there as well. And we see the fundamentals of the business is quite good.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you. And one follow-up, if I may. I mean thats a fairly bullish statement. The North American locomotive kind of pipeline of potential orders, etcetera, do you have any characterization of whats driving that? You mentioned the old fleet we all definitely know thats there. You guys have done a ton with efficiency, and I think your Tier 4 is more efficient. So maybe that makes the economics easier. Just any color commentary from the conversations youre having, and Ill stop there. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: I think a lot of that is, again, back to driving efficiency. I mean if you think about it, trains that are being pulled down by three locomotives or four locomotives, how do you replace those with last locomotives? So instead of three, you have two. Or four, you have three locomotives pulling a train. And with that, I mean these locomotives -- the locomotives were delivering now today are burning last fuel. So theres the benefits that come from that. Theyre more reliable in that context. So that helps drive efficiency to the next level. And with that, thats where I think momentum comes in, in terms of the opportunities to continue to drive adapt efficiency across their operations. And were continuing to invest in technologies that will help further accelerate that, and thats something that we continue to see opportunities on.
John Olin: Rob, we typically see -- or our customers typically see a mid-double-digit return, or IRR, on their purchase of either a new or a modernized unit. Typically a little bit higher on a new, but both in the mid double-digit returns. So theyve got a very good strong economic incentive.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect. Thank you guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Saree Boroditsky of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks for taking my question. Just first, a follow-up on the derailment question. Theres been some talk about shorter train lanes in response to this. Have you heard anything from a legislative perspective? And how do you think about that impacting your business?
Rafael Santana: Were continuing to work with our customers and other stakeholders share in the industry to continue to call support improvement. And theres always a sense of continuous improvement, despite rail being the most sustainable way of moving things over land. I mentioned here some other technologies that weve been working with customers that could anticipate, once again, a failure at various equipments, including not just thermal, but also vibration and other technologies here that allow us to be more predictive on rail. So we see an opportunity here to continue to drive, Ill call innovation in the space. And with that, I think we have a set of solutions that can continue to help customers drive efficiency, productivity, emissions and rail safety.
Saree Boroditsky: And then maybe just a follow-up. Maybe could you provide an update on how integration 2.0 is progressing? And maybe any segment level benefits for this year?
John Olin: Sure, Saree. Integration 2.0, as we exited 2022, the spending was a little bit higher than what we had anticipated. So that is very good. It means well get to the savings quicker. But looking at that launching spot, Saree, after 1 year, we spent $46 million. A lot of that noncash, but took a $46 million charge. And with that, we returned $5 million of savings. And as we move into the next couple of years, we would expect that $5 million of savings to grow to $75 million to $90 million on a run rate basis in 2025. So we expect a fair ramp as we go forward with that. And we saw some of that certainly in the first quarter. When we look about the segments, most of the spending and you said a majority of the spending as well as the savings are going to accrue to the transit group. There is a fair amount in the freight side, but a little bit over shared in terms of our investment and opportunity for consolidation in transit. And again, when you look at the margins in the first quarter, we were up 0.8 points year-over-year. Some of that was certainly driven by those savings on the investments that we made in 2021 beginning to turn and pay off.
Saree Boroditsky: Appreciate the color. Would it be possible to provide any numbers around what you would expect for savings for this year and maybe for 2024?
John Olin: No. In terms of the spending, we would expect it to be a little bit north of what we spent last year of the $46 million. In terms of savings, again, Saree, weve got 3 years to ramp up from $5 million to, call it, $80 million to $85 million at the midpoint. So its pretty significant, And it will continue to build over that period of time. So a little bit more in 2024 than 2023.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay, appreciate the color. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi good morning everyone. Im wondering if we could just talk about the Wabtec products that could potentially improve the safety around and not only the incident that we spoke about on this call, but a range of other less severe accidents. What the addressable market look like, Rafael, if we were to say, lets leverage Wabtecs products to improve safety and outcomes across the industry. Obviously, different paths to get there, but what is that addressable market if we were to move in that direction thats favorable to Wabtecs product portfolio?
Rafael Santana: Jerry, I think its, number one, its a significant opportunity that we have. A lot of it resides into a lot of the elements that we described as automation, which comes down to really driving what I call a more seamless operation that will improve both the elements of efficiency, but that will also drive opportunities here to continue to capitalize on safety and other elements of that. And some of it comes down to potential introduction of new projects and new products and technologies, such as products that allow the detection in anticipation of failure, whether thats at the locomotive level, whether thats at train level, thats a piece of it. The other one is the integration of some of these systems. Youre well aware of our Trip Optimizer, which is a product that we have largely deployed not just in North America, but internationally as well. The combination of that with PTC and some other elements really allow you to fundamentally operate a train largely with what we would call an autopilot. So those are some of the things that we have an opportunity here to continue to drive with customers. And were at different stages on that, depending on the complexity of networks around various parts of the world. And were seeing really an opportunity here to drive larger adoption. I mentioned here, PTC internationally. I mean weve gone with PTC now not just into Brazil, but we did it in Africa. Were expanding into Asia, and thats another area where we expect that to go into. Weve got opportunities to share with wayside monitoring as well. And those are some of the things that were currently either in the process of installing or discussing it with customers in North America. Its a significant opportunity.
Jerry Revich: And Rafael, really interesting comment around the combination of locomotive and broader system technologies. Maybe just to put a finer point on that. The 16,000 locomotive installed base what proportion would you estimate of that installed base that you folks have, has that combination of Trip Optimizer plus is on network with PTC to drive that level of automation? How significant on a good chunk is that out of the existing installed base?
Rafael Santana: Jerry, its very high, right? I mean if you think about PTC, its really deployed across the entire installed base, whether its Wabtec locomotives or any other compatible locomotive thats running out there. When this -- when it comes to Trip Optimizer, thats more, Ill call, really been largely deployed at the Wabtec locomotives. So thats an area of an opportunity that we would have here to continue to expand on that. And with that, I mean, there is the evolution of some of the products that weve talked to you guys before, such as 0 to 0, which really amplifies a lot of the element of automating the entire trip. And with that, the continued automation of some of these systems. The Shamoda [Ph] systems, that really operate at a network level. So helping the railroads both dispatch trains, but really ultimately manage the network. Things like Movement Planner, which allow you to really, in a very fast mode, be able to redefine the operations and dispatches youre going to be doing along the day.
Jerry Revich: Super. And John, can I just ask a really interesting material cost performance for you folks? In the quarter, can you expand on what drove your ability to drive flat material cost? And essentially as we think about the comps over the balance of the year, considering costs moved up over the course of 2022 for most industrial companies, is it fair to say that we could actually be looking at year-over-year cost tailwinds for you folks in coming quarters?
John Olin: Yes. Sure, Jerry. So yes, this is the first quarter after 6 very rapidly rising quarters of our cost of goods sold that we saw, even with a year ago. So costs were flat on a year-ago basis. I dont want anyone to walk away that think that costs are fine. They are very elevated. They are very high, but this is the first quarter and 6 that we didnt see them rise, right? And -- so with regards to that, Jerry, its tough to say what next quarter will be. Weve certainly got our forecasts, but theres more elements of the costs that are all moving some in different directions. And you got metal costs and theyre falling, right? They skyrocketed from the second quarter of 2021 through the invasion, into the second quarter of 2022. Since then, theyve been coming down. And so we feel very good about that. And then also the transportation costs, very similar, both from a fuel standpoint and a container cost. Those are on the positive side. And remember, that takes time for that to flow through our inventory. The other pieces of it are not so good, right? Labor is more of a latent cost that certainly continues to rise. And then we cant forget about general inflation, right? Everything else is inflating. Certainly, CPI was up 5% in March. So all of those things are acting within our cost structure. And then, Jerry, as you know, we got about 60% of our revenue under long-term contracts. And a lot of those have cost escalators in them. And if things start to go down, it will be a cost the escalator. So we monitor it all very closely. I think the important piece or the most important piece is it has been our aim since it all started 7 quarters ago, is to make sure that were driving a price cost equilibrium, which we started or hit in the second quarter of last year and have maintained for the last 4 quarters. And we expect to continue to maintain that throughout 2023.
Jerry Revich: Super. I appreciate it. Thank you.
John Olin: Thank you Jerry.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks operator. This is Nathan [Ph] dialing in for Ken. Congratulations on the solid quarter. Just want to quickly follow up first on Justins first question on the quarterly cadence. I see that there is a pretty positive impact from international orders in the first quarter. And per your guidance from last from 4Q, I think that was supposed to be a little bit more first half weighted. Would you mind just giving the split between 1Q and 2Q on the magnitude of impact to equipment? And just secondly, on the backlog, I noticed that despite the 12-month backlog being up, this is roughly the third quarter of sequential decreases in the total backlog. Is that just a function of the commodity escalators being assumed? Whats -- maybe talk a little bit about your outlook on demand and selling into the pipeline? Thank you so much.
Rafael Santana: Let me start with the second half of the question, and then Ill pass it on to John to address the first one. On the second one, if you look at it, in the first half of last year, we had some very significant multiyear orders. So orders that really supported not just 2023, 2024 and 2025, and those were modernizations that we signed with Class 1s in the U.S. You dont have the repeat of that this year. But this is, as I said before, the best visibility with ads when I look at the last several years in terms of really our ability to drive your momentum towards 2023, 2024 and 2025. And I think the 12-month backlog is just a realization of the solid backlog here we have to drive 2023 and now stepping into 2024 as well as part of that. With regards to the first part, John?
John Olin: Yes, in terms of quarterly cadence, Nathan, obviously, all of our equipment is under longer-term contracts. And we had a contract that came through that was going to be heavy in the back half of 2022 and heavy in the first half of this year. And with that is tied to the mix. We saw unfavorable mix in the back half of last year, and were seeing unfavorable mix in the first quarter. And we would expect the mix in that level of elevated growth out of the equipment group to move into the second quarter. We dont specifically provide what that growth would be from equipment. But suffice to say that, that level of delivery was for 4 quarters, and we would start to see from a revenue standpoint to step down in the back half just as we saw it step up in the first half -- second half of last year. And again, the mix will also mitigate and drive some of that improved margin in the back half of next year -- Im sorry, back half of this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Great, thats very clear. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Elkott of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matthew Elkott: Good morning. The increase in the 12-month backlog, how much of it is due to delivery dates for some existing orders maybe being moved up, maybe because manufacturing disruptions are easing? If thats a factor at all versus actual new order additions?
John Olin: Matt, when we look at it, there can be orders that move this quarter to that quarter just like our overall volumes. Over time, its nothing significant in the numbers. We saw a 4.4% increase in the 12 months, and ex currency was about 5.5% up. But any driver of the supply disruptions, a lot of that would have been baked in over the last 7 quarters, right? And were seeing a little bit of release of that, but nothing of great significance on a number of that magnitude.
Matthew Elkott: Okay. Good. Thats good to know. And then, John, you talked quite a bit about the margin dynamics for freight. If -- its nice to see that freight margin held up very well against huge equipment growth basically. If we assume the mix comparable to last year, the first quarter of last year, and we didnt have the technology cost that you mentioned, what would the margin have been instead of 19%?
Rafael Santana: Well, let me start here because I think the first thing is we will have significant variation, as John mentioned here, in terms of quarter-to-quarter. And some of it, its mix. I mean, John, just told you here how we saw very significant growth on delivering of new locomotives, But mods was significantly down in the quarter. Weve got project specifics. Weve got investments when it comes down to specialty R&D, which we continue to drive. And those will have variation quarter-to-quarter. And weve got still some of the elements of cost dynamics playing in. So Id just be careful with some of those assumptions on how they play quarter-to-quarter as it will be bumpy from that perspective, but we feel very well about making sure that we deliver on the guidance weve provided.
John Olin: And all that, I would add, Matt, is that thats why were providing it by half. Things move around a little bit between quarters. And -- its in line with what we guided. Its in line with what we expected. And so theres always puts and takes in any given quarter, but its right in line with where we thought. And we feel kind of -- again, going back to my first comment, kind of check in terms of margin out of the gate here in the first quarter.
Matthew Elkott: Got it. And John, you mentioned you havent taken market share in components. Is there any way you can update us on your average content now in railcars, both freight and transit and locomotives? And I guess, have you guys been realizing the revenue synergies one would expect now that youve worked through the locomotive backlog you inherited from GE, and are now taking orders as both the equipment manufacturer and the component supplier?
John Olin: Yes. We dont provide that number. Actually, Matt, I dont know the number. But we dont provide it as well. So the other one is, yes, we are seeing the opportunities. And as time goes on, in terms of the groups working better and as equipment is selling products, were pulling as many things that we make across the board on to these things. So yes, were seeing strong revenue synergies in terms of, again, all of our products working in unison with one another to deliver the best locomotive we can to our customers.
Rafael Santana: Matt, if you go back to some of the comments we made earlier on, those who are around, Ill call it, to translate to today, about $7,000 of content in a freight car that we would see on average. We have had the opportunity here to, as John described, win share. And that was largely due to some of the investments we did in inventory and the ability to ultimately be able to serve customers in that context. We do see an opportunity here, and well continue to drive, Ill call, really entitlement and share into the products that we sell, especially as we go here into this battery electric locomotives, the opportunity to have a lot more content as we drive the integration of the system. And that speaks not just to the brakes that speaks to various other parts, including heat exchangers and things like that into the system. So I think were going to continue to see us driving share up. Its a slow play game as you got to really work with customers that have fleets with auto systems deployed. And we got to make sure that were putting up also the services to be able to support them on through that process. But its not an opportunity for growth for us and how weve been executing on it.
Matthew Elkott: Thats a helpful number, Rafael, the 7,000 average. The maximum opportunity, my understanding is its closer to like 25,000 or 30,000. Is that true?
Rafael Santana: It will depend again by freight car type. And -- so thats why we give that average number. But -- and again, thats related to freight car. Thats a different number if you think about locomotives.
Matthew Elkott: Right. And transit is way, way higher, right?
Rafael Santana: It is higher. Again, it speaks to the various, Ill call, critical systems that we have thats sell-out to doors, HVAC systems, call platters, brake systems and so forth.
Matthew Elkott: Okay. And just one final thing, Rafael. I think that -- I think maybe Im reading too much into this, but you said underlying business fundamentals strengthened in the quarter. That was just in reference to the strong results you had in the Q or something else?
Rafael Santana: When I talk about I thought in the context of transit and specifically, when I made those comments. But overall, we see that across the business. I think in transit, if you think about the underlying fundamentals, the book-to-bill over 1- to 12-month backlog being really up over 5% and even the multiyear backlog on a constant current basis, up over 9%. And were continuing to see, I mean, really a lot of strength in the pipeline of opportunities there. But we -- as I said, on the Freight segment, see it very much the same. So the order question that we got before, it was largely an element of, Ill call, multi-billion dollar orders that we signed in the first half of the year, the combination of the modernization with both Union Pacific and NS.
Matthew Elkott: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Rafael, Im going to follow up on that order comment you just made. I know they can be lumpy. You got very tough comps from last year. But with freight orders having been down 3 quarters in a row, is this kind of low $1 billion range for orders? What we should expect in periods when youre not booking new equipment, or mods, or multiyear service contracts?
Rafael Santana: Here, shall I look at it. It comes down to the pipeline of opportunities that were driving. And the convertibility is going to be lumpy. I mean as I signed a 3-year agreement, thats over $1 billion, thats not going to repeat again every year. So thats a little bit of that lumpiness that were talking about. We are working with our customers and making sure that were driving to really have those multiyear orders. I think its in the best interest in terms of both the quality of the product, but the cost of the product that we get. And the visibility is good in terms of those pipeline of opportunities. And the opportunity to continue to drive, Ill call, both revenue growth here on the combination of both modernizations and new equipment. So good visibility out there and good visibility with the 12-month backlog, which provides us really the confidence on the convertibility into 2023 and now starting to look into the first part of 2024 as well.
Steve Barger: Yes. And backlog has been pretty stable at $22 billion over the past 4 years. Do you have periods coming up beyond 12 months where you have significantly higher or lower deliveries scheduled from backlog? And just given macro concerns, have you given more thought to expanding backlog visibility for investors so they can better think about the stability that provides beyond 4 quarters?
Rafael Santana: Thats a key area of focus for us. Its really looking at the convertibility of the backlog. And thats why Ive highlighted the elements of this -- about our visibility that we have right now, and then with over really had in the business, which comes down to visibility on 2023, 2024 and 2025. And thats what those multiyear orders ultimately provide us. We have had discussions. Its something that well continue to evaluate here in terms of making sure that there is that visibility in terms of how the business will behave. But I go back to very much the guidance we provided last year in terms of the 5-year outlook, which provides both, Ill call revenue expansion and margin expansion for the business. Were committed to deliver on that.
John Olin: And Steve, the backlog has grown in the last 3 years ever since the merger. Each and every year, the multiyear backlog has grown.
Steve Barger: Understood. Well, I mean, when I go back to look at 1Q 2019, it was $23 billion. Its $22 billion right now. I look at it as fairly stable over that period, which is a great outcome. But I would say just anything you can do to improve the visibility of that in terms of deliverability beyond 4 quarters would be really helpful for investors just given the increasing macro concerns that are out there and peoples concerns about order growth rates and things like that.
Rafael Santana: Well go see the dot.
Steve Barger: Thanks very much.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning guys. Its Rob [Ph] on for Chris. I guess following on the backlog. You could you give us a sense -- or are you seeing any of the orders being pushed out a little bit within the multiyear period? Obviously, the 12-month kind of stepped up here. But curious what, if any, impact kind of the weak carloads that were seeing in North America as well as just softer macro, if thats having any sort of impact in terms of the timing and cadence of the backlog?
Rafael Santana: Well, were not seeing pushouts, number one. And so again, back to the comments I made earlier on. A lot of whats driving the demand is associated with really gains in productivity and efficiency, tied to a fleet that aged quite a bit. Thats some of the elements of North America, but we see also some positive signs here in terms of the pipeline of opportunities internationally. Some of that is tied to new projects, like in countries like Brazil, as we described. In some other ones, youve got an element of a combination of both replacement of older units, driving efficiency and productivity with also good in terms of volume in that context. And so in that framework, no, we have not seen any delays or push outs in terms of orders.
Unidentified Analyst: Helpful color. And then just in terms of the 2023 outlook, it sounds like the material cost absorption, that benefit just given comps should increase as the year progresses. How are you thinking about the productivity impact to the business over the next couple of quarters? Should that be also kind of improving? Or will we see that kind of work as a little bit of an offset to the absorption?
John Olin: Well, that was all part of the initial guidance that we put in there, Rob, is we are looking for the year overall to be up in terms of margin and that driven by productivity, absorption, partially offset by unfavorable mix on a full year basis. And then we would also expect SG&A to be positive as a percent of revenue throughout the year and our R&D spending to be in line with that. So again, when we look at the first quarter, were right on track in terms of margin. And we dont see any change in the margin as the guidance that we gave that margin will grow largely in the back half of the year.
Rafael Santana: Rob, costs remain high. And I think as an organization, we really remain very diligent on both cost management and pricing through that process, despite the fact you see some costs coming down in the spot market. Like transportation order is still very volatile, when if you think about copper or energy. So the team continues to be very diligent on those.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thats helpful. I was just trying to get a sense of if the benefit should step up as the year progresses, which kind of feels like whats baked in the guidance. But I just wanted a little bit of additional clarification there.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Dillon Cumming of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dillon Cumming: Great. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Rafael, I want to go back to your kind of comments on the Transit segment. You mentioned kind of feeling better incrementally exiting the quarter. It has been a bit of a market. Its been more opaque in the near term. But I just kind of want to get a sense of what actually is driving the more positive backdrop nearer term? Is it governments just investing more? Is it better utilization on the actual metro cars? Im just be curious as driving some of the more near-term optimism there.
Rafael Santana: Well, so a little bit of welcome with just the first quarter results, which organic growth over 9%. I think to some extent, weve benefited from catch up in the quarter due to supply chain disruptions. So I think thats a piece. I did mention about the fundamentals of the business being strong. But it, you look to the book-to-bill above 1 to 12 months and multiyear backlog. I think were pleased to see the progress, but we still have significant work ahead here to simplify the footprint further improve and sustain margins. I think youre going to continue to see some variation quarter-to-quarter. But were working to drive margin expansion in the year, both for transit and for our freight business as well. I think the fundamentals on transit; we continue to see really authorities committed to continue to invest some infrastructure. Spending continues to be a positive there with government spending in rail. And our customer OEMs also have very strong backlogs in that context, which continue to drive opportunities for us.
Dillon Cumming: Okay. Thats fair. And then if I could just come back to the Brazil order for a second. Obviously, nice to see that materialized. But you also made a comment is talking about how there might be a bit more of a structural opportunity there with regards to the infrastructure build-out, right, higher rail volumes over time. I think GE used to kind of quantify that market as about a 50 to 100-unit market per year. Any chances in that thinking longer term in terms of what youve been seeing more recently that could actually drive a higher market opportunity longer term?
Rafael Santana: We see a growing opportunity there. And youre right, we see this as a very strategic quarter. This customer that ultimately, Ill call adopted Wabtec largely in terms of the solutions, and we see that as a very significant step in that direction. Theres a number of new concessions taking place. I think we have really built a very solid story on partnering customers over time to drive efficiency, to drive productivity and weve been, I think, really benefiting from that starting with customers, and weve got growth opportunity here ahead of us. In terms of the numbers for the market, Id say you can probably think about 50-plus unit market for us in that context.
Dillon Cumming: Great. Thanks Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Andrea. Thank you, everyone, for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome, to the Wabtec's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec's fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties, and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks Kristine and good morning everyone. Lets move to Slide 4, I will start with an update on our business, my perspectives in the quarter, our progress against our long-term value creation framework, and then John will cover the financials. We delivered a strong fourth quarter which is evidenced by strong sales growth, an increase in adjusted earnings per share. We achieved this despite significant headwinds, including a volatile macro environment, supply chain disruptions, and negative FX. Sales were roughly $2.3 billion, which was up 11% versus prior year.  Revenue was driven by strong performance across the freight segment, but partially offset by unfavorable FX. Total cash flow from operations was $410 million, which brings year-to-date cash flow to over $1 billion, achieving a full year cash conversion rate of over 90%. Overall, our financial position remains strong. We continue to allocate capital to maximize shareholder returns by investing for future growth, executing on a strategic M&A, and returning cash to shareholders.  Total multiyear backlog was $22.4 billion up $272 million year-over-year and excluding the headwinds from foreign exchange, backlog was up $680 million or up 3% from last year. We continued our progress against our long-term growth strategies. Overall, we have a strong finish to the year despite a number of challenges. As a result of this strong performance and our confidence in the future, our Board of Directors reauthorized a $750 million share buyback and approved the 13% increase in the quarterly dividend. We entered 2023 with strength and momentum across the portfolio and we're well positioned to continue to drive profitable growth even with near-term uncertainty and volatility in the global economy. Shifting our focus to Slide 5. Let's talk about our end market conditions in more details. As we look at key metrics across our freight businesses, we remain encouraged by underlying business momentum and the strong pipeline of opportunities. North America carloads were down slightly in the quarter, but locomotive parkings are down from the same time last year despite lower freight traffic. We continue to see significant opportunities in demand for modernizations and new locomotives as our customers invest in their aging fleets and they also place a greater focus on reliability, productivity, and fuel efficiency. Looking at the North American rail car build, demand for rail cars continued to show strength with industry backlog about 60,000 cars. Railcars in storage are below pre COVID levels with about 18% of the North American railcar fleet in storage. As a result, industry orders for new rail cars continued to improve and the industry outlook for 2023 is for about 40,000 to 45,000 cars to be delivered. Overall, we believe we have an opportunity to continue building significant long-term momentum with growth in modernizations in new locomotive sales, in rail car builds, and enrolling stock. Internationally, activity has also continued to show positive signs and will continue to execute on a strong pipeline of opportunities. Finally, transitioning to the transit sector, the long-term secular drivers are positive as the globe continues to increase investments in clean, safe, and efficient transportation solutions. Next, let's turn to Slide 6 to discuss a few recent business highlights. We recently secured additional Tier 4 locomotive orders in North America. These orders now total over 100 units to be delivered across 2023 and 2024. We also signed two international deals in Asia and South America to deliver new rolling stock and also won two international long term service contracts in South America and in Kazakhstan. Finally, Wabtecs FLXdrive locomotive was recognized for sustainable innovation by the Business Intelligence Group and awarded The Commercial Technology of the Year by S&P Global. Looking ahead, all of this demonstrates the strong pipeline of opportunities we continue to execute on. Wabtecs well positioned to continue to capture profitable growth with innovative and scalable technologies that address our customers most pressing needs. Turning to Slide 7, I want to briefly touch on why we're strongly positioned to deliver resilience and more predictable earnings in volatile times. We believe our demonstrated execution combined with favorable end markets and our leading technologies and solutions will enable us to remain resilient during times of increasing volatility. This resiliency comes in part from our multiyear backlog and strong base of recurring revenues. Our multiyear backlog of over $22 billion provides visibility and support for both short and long term growth. Similarly, our base of recurring revenues of 44% of total sales, which grew by 3 percentage points in 2022, provides high margin and stable earnings. And finally, we have a track record of strong operating margin expansion across the business, as evidenced by our ability to realize price, deliver productivity, and aggressively manage costs. Now let's turn to Slide 8. To further illustrate the point of our ability to drive consistent, predictable earnings I wanted to provide more color about our combined new locomotive and modernization deliveries in North America. Over the past six years, North America and new locomotive deliveries have been challenged due to weak carload growth, PFR [ph] and COVID. Over that period, the investment in the fleet has come primarily through modernization of locomotives, but this still remains below historical replacement levels.  As we have discussed in past calls, the core North American active mainline fleet of heavy haul locomotives is made-up of roughly 16,000 locomotives. With a replacement cycle of roughly 25 years per locomotive, we estimate the annual replacement rate overtime to be over 600 new locomotives and/or modernizations per year. As you can see, the industry has been operating at roughly half of that level for the past six years. Yet, looking forward, we expect a growing age for refreshment of that fleet. And with record fleet age and growing obsolescence driven by Next Gen technologies along with the expectation of rail share gains versus truck, and the need to reduce greenhouse gases by 2030 that the demand for reliable and efficient power is increasing. This expected demand provides Wabtec the opportunity to fill our existing capacity for delivery of new and modernized locomotive solutions in an effective and efficient fashion over the next several years. Looking forward, we believe our execution combined with strength of our business, leading products, and technologies result in Wabtec being resilient through economic cycles, delivering more predictable earnings and superior shareholder returns. And with that, I'll turn the call over to John to review the quarter, segment results, and our overall financial performance. John.
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael and good morning. Turning to Slide 9, I will review our fourth quarter results in more detail. We finished the year with another good quarter of operational and financial performance despite continued challenges in foreign currency exchange, still elevated input costs, and persistent supply chain disruptions. Sales for the fourth quarter were $2.31 billion, which reflects an 11.2% increase versus the prior year. Freight segment sales were very strong up 17.1%, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange impacting sales in our transit segment.  Q4 sales were negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange which reduced our revenue growth in the quarter by 4.5 percentage points. For the quarter GAAP operating income was $17 million driven by higher restructuring costs. Adjusted operating margin in Q4 was 15.3% down 0.8 percentage points versus prior year. We expect that our margin to be lower in the quarter on both a sequential and year-over-year basis. The key drivers of the year-over-year margin performance include unfavorable mix within business groups, in particular, within equipment and services due to strong sales of locomotives and modernizations versus last year's performance, some of which pushed from the third quarter to the fourth quarter and higher technology spend associated with investment in future growth and costs associated with the commercialization of the first battery electric locomotives.  GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.86, which was down 15.7% versus the fourth quarter a year ago. During the quarter, we had pretax charges of $32 million for restructuring, largely related to our integration 2.0 initiative to further integrate Wabtec's operations and to drive $75 million to $90 million of run rate savings by 2025. I will talk more about our progress on integration 2.0 in a moment. In the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share were $1.30, up 10.2% versus the prior year. Overall, Wabtec delivered another solid quarter of results, demonstrating the underlying strength of the business and our ability to navigate through volatile macroeconomic conditions.  Turning to Slide 10, let's review our product lines in more detail. Fourth quarter consolidated sales were strong, up 11.2% excluding foreign currency exchange, sales were up 15.7%. Equipment sales were up 14.1% from last year due to higher locomotive sales this quarter versus last year. Component sales were up 10.6% year-over-year, largely driven by higher OE railcar build. Digital Electronics sales were up a strong 34.7%, which was driven by robust demand for onboard locomotive products and software upgrades along with revenue contribution from the strategic bolt-on acquisitions of Beena Vision and ARINC earlier in the year.  Our services sales grew 16.6% versus last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher sales from a larger active fleet versus last year and increased MOD sales. Superior performance, reliability, and availability of our fleet continues to drive increased customer demand for our services and solutions. Across our Transit segment, sales decreased 1.7% versus prior year to $637 million. Sales were down versus last year due to the negative impacts of foreign currency exchange. Absent the impacts of foreign currency, Transit sales would have been up 9.3%. The momentum in this segment remains positive as mega trends such as urbanization and decarbonization drive increased investments in green infrastructure.  Now moving to Slide 11. As forecasted, gross profit margin was lower driven by unfavorable mix, adverse foreign currency exchange, and higher input costs, partially offset by increased pricing and productivity. Pricing actions implemented to recover increased costs positively impacted our margins during the quarter. Mix was unfavorable, especially within our equipment and services businesses behind strong sales of locomotives and MODs. Raw material costs, while down from recent highs over the last year were up again year-over-year. Foreign currency exchange adversely impacted revenues by 4.5 percentage points and adversely impacted fourth quarter gross profits by $21 million. Finally, manufacturing costs were favorable due to productivity gains, which were partially offset by higher transportation costs. Our team continues to execute well to mitigate the impact of these cost pressures by driving operational productivity and lean initiatives.  Turning to Slide 12, for the fourth quarter, as expected, operating margin declined on both a GAAP and adjusted basis, driven by lower gross margins and increased investment in future technologies. GAAP SG&A was up $8 million versus prior year due to higher net restructuring costs related to integration 2.0. Adjusted SG&A was $271 million which was flat versus prior year, but down 1.3 percentage points as a percentage of sales. Engineering expense increased from last year according to plan. We continue to invest in engineering resources and current business opportunities but more importantly, we are investing in our future as the industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customers' productivity, capacity utilization, and safety. Now let's take a look at our segment results on Slide 13, starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales were strong for the quarter, and GAAP segment operating income was $209 million for an operating margin of 12.5%, down 2 percentage points, which was impacted by increased restructuring expenses versus the year ago quarter. Segment adjusted operating income was $284 million, down 1.7 percentage points versus the prior year. The benefits of higher sales and improved productivity were offset by unfavorable mix within business groups and higher technology investments and costs associated with the commercialization of the first battery electric locomotives. Finally, segment backlog was $18.64 billion, up $139 million or 0.8% and from the end of Q4 last year. On a constant currency basis, segment backlog was up $344 million from last year.  Turning to Slide 14, transit segment sales were down 1.7%, driven by the negative effects of foreign currency exchange. Unfavorable foreign currency exchange impacted segment sales by 11 percentage points. GAAP operating income was $63 million, down 2.3 percentage points, which was impacted by increased restructuring expenses versus the year ago quarter, largely related to our integration 2.0 initiative. Adjusted segment operating income increased by $7 million to $95 million, which resulted in an adjusted operating margin of 14.8% and up 1.2 percentage points versus the prior year, driven by strong productivity, benefits from prior restructuring activities and disciplined cost management. Finally, transit segment backlog for the quarter was $3.8 billion, up 3.6% versus a year ago. On a constant currency basis, backlog would have been up 9.2%.  Moving to Slide 15, I would like to briefly touch on our progress against our integration 2.0 initiative. Recall that during our Investor Day last March, we announced a restructuring program comprised of an estimated onetime expenses between $135 million and $165 million that would yield an incremental $75 million to $90 million of run rate cost savings by 2025. These savings were to be achieved through a combination of actions which simplify, streamline, and consolidate parts of our operations.  A great example of the actions we are taking to drive these savings occurred in the fourth quarter, including two consolidation projects across our manufacturing footprint, which will eliminate a total of four facilities and a third project focused on streamlining and optimizing our North American distribution network. With full year restructuring expenses of $46 million in 2022, we achieved an initial $5 million of savings during the year. We expect investment to increase more meaningfully in 2023 and are on track to meet our 2025 goals, positioning Wabtec to drive multiyear margin expansion.  Now let's turn to our financial position on Slide 16. We had strong cash generation in the quarter. Q4 cash flow was $410 million, bringing total cash for the year to $1.04 billion for a cash conversion rate of 93%. Cash flow benefited from higher earnings but was impacted versus last year by the proactive build of inventories ahead of our 2023 growth expectations and managing supply disruptions of critical parts. Our debt leverage ratio at the end of the fourth quarter declined to 2.2 times, and our liquidity is robust at $2.29 billion. And finally, we returned a significant amount of capital back to shareholders in 2022 with $584 million returned through share repurchases and dividends. And as Rafael mentioned, our Board of Directors approved a $750 million share buyback reauthorization and increased our quarterly dividend to $0.17 per share, up 13%. As you can see in these results, our financial position is strong, and we continue to allocate capital in a balanced strategy to maximize shareholder returns.  Now moving to Slide 17, quickly recapping the year. Overall, the team delivered a strong year for all our stakeholders. Despite challenging dynamics, we drove revenue growth, expanded our operating margins, and generated robust cash flow. The resiliency of the business and strong execution provides us a solid foundation and good momentum as we enter 2023. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Let's flip to Slide 18 to discuss our 2023 financial guidance. We believe that the underlying customer demand for our products and solutions remain strong across our product lines and our backlog continues to provide visibility into 2023 and beyond. We are committed to driving adjusted margin expansion into 2023 despite FX volatility, a still challenging cost environment, and continued investments in technology. The team is committed to driving strong top line growth while aggressively managing costs. With these factors in mind, we expect 2023 sales of $8.7 billion to $9 billion, which is up nearly 6% at the midpoint and adjusted EPS to be between $5.15 and $5.55 per share, which is up 10% at the midpoint. We expect cash flow conversion to be greater than 90%.  Now let's wrap up on Slide 19. As you heard today, our team delivered a solid quarter to finish out the strong year. We delivered on our full year commitments despite a challenging and volatile environment, thanks in large part to our resilient installed base, world-class team, innovative technologies, and our relentless focus on our customers. These results were in line with our five-year outlook we provided at our Investor Day last year. With strong momentum across the portfolio, increased visibility through our multiyear backlog, and relentless focus on continuous cost improvement, Wabtec is well positioned to drive profitable long-term growth and maximize shareholder returns. With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning. I'll now turn the call over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. if you have additional questions please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question today comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, good morning. 
Rafael Santana: Good morning Allison.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: I want to turn to the services outlook. You noted an uptick in locomotive. Just wondering if you could give us a little bit more context on how impactful you're thinking about that for 2023, is it sort of a point offset something bigger, I know there's a lot of moving parts in that business right now, just any thoughts?
Rafael Santana: Yes. With the comment specifically with regards to services, Allison?
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Yes, yes.
Rafael Santana: Okay. Allison, I mean, we're certainly when you think about North America carloads being down year-to-date, so we're continuing to see demand for both MODs and new locomotives. I think a lot of that is really tied to driving productivity, driving efficiency, driving reliability, and [indiscernible] is certainly an element if you think about the CAPEX for Class 1s in the U.S. We see that up for the year. So those are potentially some of the headwinds could come with, I think, lower carloads right now, and we're really planning for flattish in terms of that context.  But I think what's most important is really the element of the backlog coverage that we've got for the year. It's a hedge of what we had a year ago. This is probably one of the highest 12-month backlogs we've had since 2019, which really just further strengthens our position to deliver in 2023 and last year, we have signed a number of multiyear orders, I think, for both new locomotives, but for modernizations as well. So this provides additional visibility not just in to 2023 but in the case of MODs all the way into 2025 for new locomotives beyond that. So we have a strong pipeline of deals and we continue to see good momentum in both the pipeline of deals in North America and internationally.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: No, that's great. And then just a point, you mentioned sort of that replacement level for locomotives under the assumption that you probably wouldn't reach that level this year. But how quickly, I mean, there's ESG targets and so forth, is it sort of a 2024-2025 that you think you could reach that sort of run rate for replacement there or above, just any thoughts there on how you see this walk towards that level? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Allison, I wouldn't speculate how that will progress. But I think it was strongly still coming from the trough. And so when you look at some of the elements of the age of the fleet, continued investment to make sure you have productivity, but you also drive reliability on that fleet and the elements of ESG, I think we have a lot of opportunity here to help customers bridge that existing power into cleaner power. So it comes with upgrades and incorporating technologies like hybrid and things like that. So I think we're well positioned in that regard.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great, thank you. 
Rafael Santana: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead. 
Justin Long: Thanks. I wanted to ask about freight margins. I know you were expecting negative mix and some sequential weakness there, but the magnitude of the weakness was a bit surprising, especially when you look at the different businesses within freight, digital electronics and services revenue was up pretty significantly on a sequential basis and equipment revenue was actually down a bit. So I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the mix impact you saw maybe within those different businesses, and I know you called out the tech costs as well, so maybe a quantification of the headwind you saw there?
John Olin: Okay, Justin, this is John. So again, let's step back in the full year guidance. We expected it to be up in 2022, and we talked about margin growth in the first half and margin contraction in the back half, which you had mentioned, Justin. And that's exactly what happened. The first half was up 1.4 percentage points and the second half was down 0.7 points. And the fourth quarter was right in line with the second half being down that 0.7 point. So overall, fourth quarter was down 0.8 points.  A couple of things driving that is first the unfavorable mix that was the biggest driver of the reduction. And Justin, that was business that was mixed within our business groups. You had mentioned between our business groups, right and some of our higher margin products did grow at a faster rate, but that was offset by unfavorable mix within the groups. And in particular, that was within the equipment and services group behind very strong sales of locomotives and modernizations versus last year. And to put it in perspective, we sold 30% of all combined locos and MODs were sold in the fourth quarter. So that put that pressure on it.  And if you recall, Justin, in the third quarter, mix [ph] margins came in a little bit better than what we had anticipated. And at that time, we talked about some of our international local MOD deliveries being pushed from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. So that was why it was a little bit more pronounced maybe than was expected. So that was a big piece of it. The other piece was really our continued investment in the future of our business and decarbonization. So part of that was the technology spend. And as you can see on the face of the P&L, that was up $8 million on a year-over-year basis. And again, that is our investment in hydrogen and battery electric as well as digital.  And the other piece with regards to our investment in the future were costs associated with the commercialization of the first battery electric locomotives. So we -- about a year from now, we'll be shipping out the first battery electrics. We couldn't be more thrilled or excited about that. And in the fourth quarter, we had costs and as you remember, we wouldn't have had those same costs in 2021. So that's what's driving the negative variance on those. But overall, we're right where we expect it to be on a full year basis. And certainly looking forward to moving into a strong 2023.
Justin Long: That's helpful. And is there a way to quantify the costs related to the battery electric commercialization that you referenced?
John Olin: Well, I would say generally, overall, half of it was mix and the other half was a combination of the investment in both technology as well as the commercialization costs.
Justin Long: Got it. Got it. Very helpful. And then on the 2023 guidance, are buybacks assumed within that outlook? And maybe, John, you could give a little bit of color on the expected quarterly cadence of that guidance because to the point you just made, we can see some fluctuations based on the timing of locomotive deliveries and MODs?
John Olin: Yes. First, Justin, the first question is the use of the generation of cash that we expect to have in 2023 is part of our -- included in our guidance. You had mentioned repurchases, again, that could come in the form of acquisitions. It could come in the form of share repurchases. It all depends on if we have the right M&A, we'll invest it that way. But the cash generation is contemplated in the guidance that we provided this morning. When -- the second question is, when we move to revenue and margin cadence. I think the most important part is on a full year basis, we expect our operating margins to be up moderately versus 2022 margins of the 16.2 and to be generally in line with our long-term margin growth framework that we presented at our Investor Day about a year ago, Justin.  So okay, let's talk about revenue and margin guidance for 2023. I want to start with 2022 because it certainly plays into what we expect in 2023. All through 2022, we characterized our revenue and margin cadence as higher margin growth in the first half and higher revenue growth in the back half. And that's exactly the way it played out. In 2023, we expect to see the opposite cadence that we had in 2022. Consequently, we expect higher revenue growth in the first half versus the second half of 2023, and we expect our full year margin growth to come largely in the second half of 2023. And as you can imagine, the drivers of this are the cadence that we continue to see with -- I'm sorry, the driver of the cadence is the mix impact of our international locomotive sales. And Justin, as we talked about it, they were pretty pronounced in the back half of 2022 and we would expect more mix headwinds in the front half of 2023 as some -- as we execute on some of those international locomotive sales. And then the second reason is that we're comping against higher 22% margins in the first half and stronger 2022 revenue growth in the second half.
Justin Long: Great. I appreciate all that detail. Thanks for the time. 
John Olin: Thank you, Justin.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning guys. So any color on the new Tier 4 local orders, is that one rail or multiple rails, and can you say who it's with and how you expect that order to be split out over the next couple of years? And then just maybe just separately, as I think about like markets, any update here on ECP breaks, it's in the news a little bit, how you think about that opportunity?
Rafael Santana: Scott, I think first, I mean, we are continuing to see our demand for both new locomotives and for modernizations as we had highlighted on previous calls. So we've been able to secure at this point, over 100 units. They will be delivered between 2023 and 2024 and it's really a function of us working through the supply chain here, but that's how we see it playing out. And we continue to look at certainly, I think, expanding some of the penetration of some of the products that we have. I think specifically with brakes that's something we talked earlier on during -- when we started the integration. So it's something we're certainly looking at incorporating the new products, and it's certainly an opportunity that we'll continue to look at it.
Scott Group: Okay. And then as I think about last year and now your guidance for this year, right, better revenue growth is sort of coinciding with maybe some margin pressure and I know sort of when revenue growth slows, some better margins. Is there something we can do to sort of get both at the same time of good revenue growth and margin improvement sort of coinciding with each other, I'm just curious how you think about that over the next few years?
Rafael Santana: Well, I'll just start with, I think we're well positioned to both revenue and margin expansion going to 2023. I think what gives us, I'll call greater confidence than maybe before even is the fact that we have the backlog coverage that goes not just into 2023, I think you saw some of my comments when it comes down to visibility into 2024 and 2025. So we believe our guidance here is pretty prudent in the light of all the headwinds we had in the past couple of years. So we feel pretty really committed to be driving here strong mid-single digits up on the revenue line and double digits on EPS.
Scott Group: Okay, thank you guys. 
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is Matt on for Chris. Thanks so much for taking the question. If you guys could just touch a little bit more on how you're evaluating acquisition opportunities and sort of how we should be thinking about the year in 2023 and if you think sort of in 2022, if there is any comparable metrics on that front, just sort of show your puts and takes on how you're thinking about that moving forward into this year?
John Olin: Hi Matt, this is John. Matt, just in general, when we look at capital allocation, we are very interested in doing strong strategic bolt-on M&A that is accretive to overall margins. So that being said, first, if we don't have that, we're very, very happy to return the cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases. And that's exactly what you saw in 2022. We had on three acquisitions totaling about $90 million of investment, and then we returned $473 million in share repurchases and then another 100-plus in dividends. But as we look forward, we have a very robust process that we follow, that we look at all the opportunities that we have. We certainly have areas of focus that we're pressing on to largely in the digital and some of the new technologies that will be the future of rail. But we are very focused on garnering strong acquisitions, and we're working hard at it.
Unidentified Analyst: Awesome. Thanks so much for that detail. And just following up on a little bit of a separate topic, just touching on rail volumes in general. I know that you said they came in a little bit softer in the fourth quarter and that potentially wait on business some aspect. I didn't know if you had any sort of comments regarding rail volumes, seeing a little bit of a weaker freight economy in the first half of this year. And do you think that, that -- if there's any risk associated with that 2022 guidance that you guys issued? Thanks. 
Rafael Santana: So I think -- I mean, you got to look at both, and I think we're seeing a pipeline of opportunities both strong in North America and internationally. I think quarter-to-date we've made more progress in some key geographies. Some that I would highlight to you is certainly Kazakhstan and Africa. You'll see us continue to expand on both new locomotive modernizations and service orders. We have a number of projects under discussion in Asia, where the volume dynamics continue to be a positive. In mining, the demand continues. Similar to what I said on the previous quarter we're seeing services growing faster than equipment. In North America, I think despite of carloads being down, we continue to see interest and demand on both modernizations and to new locomotives. In transit, I think the infrastructure spending continues. Governments are continuing to invest. Our OEMs have very strong backlogs. We'll see some of that converting to orders for our transit business and we're continuing to increase investment into technologies. So when you think of battery electric, I think we're excited about some of the opportunities there. First delivery is happening next year and we're continuing to make progress on that as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks so much for the detail.
Operator: The next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Saree Boroditsky: Good morning. So you highlighted $5 million of savings realized this year as part of integration 2.0. Could you provide any color on how you're thinking about these savings into 2023?
John Olin: Yes. So number one, integration 2.0. we just launched about a year ago, and we couldn't be more pleased. We spent -- invested $46 million little bit higher than we first anticipated when we put the program together, which is great news, and that our team's got the projects off announced and set quicker than we thought. And so we would expect the savings to be garnered a little bit ahead of our schedule as well. But the first year of $5 million, we feel great because a lot of those projects didn't start until later in the year. And we would expect a pretty quick ramp on that because as we exit 2025, we'll be at the run rate of $75 million to $90 million of savings. So that's just a couple of years away. So we would expect a pretty sizable increase, both in 2023 and 2024, leading up to 2025.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks. And then one of your competitors recently took a large impairment charge on the lower outlook for locals and MODs. Could you maybe talk about the competitive environment and how you're thinking about market share gains?
Rafael Santana: On that one, we continue to really focus on partnering and creating value for our customers, and that comes with really innovative solutions that drive value for them and that drives value for us as well. As a result, I think we're well positioned to drive long-term profitable growth for the business. We'll not comment on the specifics of any announcements here at this point.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay, thanks for taking the questions. 
Rafael Santana: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi, good morning everyone. I was really impressed with the transit performance in the quarter, both from margins and bookings standpoint. Can you just talk about your expectations for margins in 2023 for that segment in particular and if you could just give us color on what drove the bookings and the margin profile of what's coming in the book now?
Rafael Santana: Jerry, a couple of things. Number one, we do expect both margin expansion across both segments and revenue expansion on both segments for the year. On transit and specific in the fourth quarter, I think there's benefit from really a catch-up in the quarter. Some of that was an element of supply chain disruptions, which we've had. There was certainly the cyber incident, which had a significant impact there in the third quarter. And -- but we also have had, what I'll call, underlying growth for the business. The fundamentals for the business are good. The book-to-bill is above one. The 12-month backlog on a constant current basis is above 14%. Our multiyear backlog on a constant currency basis above 9%. And at the same time, while we're pleased with the progress, I think we still have significant work ahead to really simplify the footprint, further improve margins. We will have variation quarter-to-quarter but we're committed to continuing to expand margins here and take action to drive profitable growth in the business.
Jerry Revich: Great. And separately, Rafael, can I ask about MODs, you folks have been growing deliveries by it looks like mid-teens for a bit here. I'm wondering in 2023 as you ramp up on Union Pacific deliveries does that growth rate for MOD deliveries accelerate further? And can you remind us from a capacity standpoint, what's the constraint to ramping up production, how much would you be able to ramp up with your existing footprint versus needed to make significant investments for MOD specifically? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Jerry, MODs growing double digits. The good news there is the element of multiyear orders that give us visibility, in this case all the way out to 2025. So we feel strong about that. And when you have that visibility, you're actually really able to translate that into, what I'll call efficiencies across the supply chain, which drives both quality and the product. So product performance being up, the other elements you're able to translate that into also I will call economies that you're able to pass around to your customer. And I don't see necessary constraints tied to our overall capacity. The one thing I would highlight to you, I mean, we're certainly continuing to operate in a very challenging supply chain environment. There are some areas that have improved, but electronics, I think, is an area that we continue to see bottlenecks there. And some of those will extend throughout the first half this year at least as far as we look at it. So I think that's the element to keep it in mind.
Jerry Revich: Appreciate the discussion, thank you. 
Rafael Santana: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Hoster with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Kenneth Hoexter: Great, good morning. Just two clarifications, I guess, before I jump in. Is this a legacy contract on international locomotives or is that just structurally lower margins? And then mix, John, you mentioned, I think, three times already that the mix within category like equipment, is that because you have lower margins on MODs versus new equipment or is there something else that I'm missing? Just if I can understand those two.
John Olin: So Ken, I think that the first question is just the cadence of the way the orders unraveled. So we've got various orders coming or various international locomotives being built for around the world. And we have a period of delivery in the back half of 2022 and the front half of 2023. That's a little bit lower margin, and we're seeing some of that progress through the system. Other than that, the book is typically lower margin for both MODs and new locomotives versus the company average. So when we talk about things such as an increase, a strong increase and the volume related to that, it translates into lower margins within the groups that house those. So I called out equipment and services, equipment is where we book new locomotives and the services business kind of houses the modernizations. So with those growing very strong in the fourth quarter, that brought those margins down in those groups and that's what drove the mix unfavorability.
Kenneth Hoexter: Okay. I got that, John. I just thought you meant within the group. But if you just mean one group being equipment versus services, then I get that. And then Rafael, you talked about the $600 million kind of run rate per year. I think you got a question on that earlier. Is there any reason you don't give number of MODs or new builds in order to track how you're doing versus that historical level, obviously, we know when it was zero it becomes irrelevant, but as it scales and gets larger, is there still a competitive differentiation in giving that number to understand when we're getting back towards a normal run rate as we get into the few hundred in that mix?
Rafael Santana: We think there especially when it comes down to the number of customers that we have out there. So we do see this as an element of competitive nature that we do not want to not disclose. On the other side, I think we're trying to really make sure we provide greater visibility in terms of what we're seeing in terms of the demand, especially with regards to MOD -- and also new locomotives through that process. So does that answer your question?
Kenneth Hoexter: Yes. So you're saying even to break it out -- even to put them together, both MODs and locos, it's still...
Rafael Santana: And the way to think about it today, to a larger extent, we're utilizing the same supply chain for that. So a lot of the plants that were originally really thought around just dedicated to new units, I mean we've gotten those now and really able to flex between those two. So I think it makes sense to up those two together. And just I think through that process, gives you at least visibility here in terms of how utilization looks like for the company.
Kenneth Hoexter: And then my just last one on the -- John, you had a question before about the progress on the expense cost specifically in 2023, right. Obviously, you had $46 million. Are you not talking specifically to a number and kind of what's in that guidance just so we can understand and then you talked about two plants being shut down or I think it was four plants you mentioned. What are the -- are there big projects coming in 2023 that we can kind of look at as far as where you get those synergistic gains?
John Olin: Yes, Ken. So the overall program we're expecting a onetime spending of $135 million or investment of $135 million to $165 million. We saw the $46 million in 2022, we would expect 2023 to be higher than that and then we start to taper off in 2024 in terms of our investment. And at the same time, we would expect to see those savings escalate. Now with the $43 million of restructuring investment that we made in 2022, $32 million of it came in the fourth quarter. And again, we talked about the teams have been very good at lining up the projects. And an example of those were three that we were doing, two would take out on four facilities. They were both in Europe and looking at streamlining some of the network there, manufacturing network and then the distribution in North America. So that they were kicked off in the third quarter. That's when a lot of the reserves are set up, and we'll begin to see the savings in 2023 and 2024 from those.
Kenneth Hoexter: And are those in SG&A and corporate costs or is?
John Olin: No, no, no. I'm sorry, maybe we're not talking about the same thing. The $46 million is integration 2.0 savings and they're not in our adjusted numbers. They're in our GAAP numbers. And then we've got a bridge in the financials that show the bridge between adjusted and GAAP. And that's where this investment is recorded -- reflected.
Kenneth Hoexter: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Matthew Elkott: Good morning and thank you. First, just a quick follow-up to the competitive landscape question earlier. Historically, how much have you guys done in the line of upgrading non-Wabtec locomotives and do you think there are opportunities there going forward?
Rafael Santana: We do have opportunities there. We have call -- started a process around those, and we're currently upgrading units to non-Wabtec. So that's certainly an opportunity that we look at it, and we look at it not just in North America, we're also doing the same internationally.
Matthew Elkott: That's good to know Rafael. And speaking of international, I think last month, Siemens announced the 1,200 freight locomotive order with Indian railways. Is that something you guys would have bid on and just generally, any update on the India opportunity for you guys will be helpful, there's a significant infrastructure effort there, and I think they just raised their CAPEX for that for the next fiscal year to 10 trillion Rupees or $120 billion?
Rafael Santana: John and I have the opportunity to be in India end of last year. And I mean, we certainly see, I think growing momentum in terms of the opportunities there. As you know, we have long-term agreements. We are -- we have, at this point, delivered over 500 units of that agreement. I think there is good opportunities here to further build on that momentum. I think there is demand for more, transit has a very significant footprint and I think one that we can take advantage. We've been, I think, earlier into the market from that perspective. When it comes down to evaluating order opportunities for the business, that's something we do always. And if we see an opportunity to step into a market with a differentiated product we'll certainly do that and thats something that we'll continue to evaluate for the business to certainly take from our customers in various parts of the world, a request that we look at some of those opportunities.
John Olin: And then the order Siemens, that was for electric locomotives that we are currently not in the market.
Matthew Elkott: Yes. And John, I'm sorry if I missed it. The sequential decrease in the total backlog this quarter and last quarter, did you say anything about that, I know it's not significant, but it nonetheless has decreased?
John Olin: Yes, Matt. It's just the -- our technical term is lumpiness of backlogs. When we look at 2022, we had a very strong year in overall backlog. So they were both up -- but if you look at it on a quarterly basis, there is a lot of volatility. So the first half -- the first quarter in 2022, we're up $0.5 billion, $600 million in the second quarter and then down in the third quarter, about $4 million to $5 million and down 500 in the fourth. So it's just a nature of how the backlogs come in and go out and what we're comparing to and lapping. So you're always going to see a fair amount of volatility from quarter-to-quarter.
Rafael Santana: Matt, one of the things that I think it's very important to keep in mind are the following. When orders that cover now three years ahead, you're not going to see those repeat itself every year. And we've got quite a bit of those, which actually provide, I think, a lot of the visibility that I described to you guys. So I'd be careful on looking on I'm going to call separate quarters basis. What we have is, I'll call, stronger coverage than probably we've had since 2019, to be very honest, as I look into the next 12 months and specific when it comes down to modernization, that goes out now to 25%. And for new units, I mean, as we have some long-term agreements, I mean some of those goes way out there, especially in the case of India.
Matthew Elkott: Yes. Makes sense. Thanks Rafael, thanks John, thanks Kristine.
Rafael Santana: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Dylan Cumming with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Dillon Cumming: Great, good morning. Thanks for the questions. I just wanted to play devil's advocate for a second on the kind of new local outlook. I think a lot of the factors that you mentioned in terms of elevated fleet age, right, desire to kind of increase fuel efficiency that have been present in the market for a while. So in terms of the visibility that you have to get to that kind of above 600-unit milestone you laid out, I guess, is my short kind of question is like what time -- like why is this time different, are you having conversations with Class 1s that are giving you visibility to that number or what's actually driving the confidence in reaching that milestone?
Rafael Santana: So I'll go back to my early comments, I'm not going to speculate on how the recovery or volume I have looks like. What I can tell you is we've got great coverage done we had in the business especially if I go back like 2019, and that's represented by backlog we have. I think the other point we wanted to make there is that we're still at trough levels and if you connect out to the age of the fleet, if you connect that to the elements of how you continue to drive productivity, if you start thinking about obsolescence of components into that fleet together with the component of the ESG, I think you've got a lot of opportunity here to continue to build out on that momentum. That's really the point that we want to make.
Dillon Cumming: Got you. Thanks Rafael. And if I can just ask a little more on the digital growth in the quarter. It was super strong. I know there was some M&A tailwind in there as well. But considering it was one of the last verticals that are going to recover post COVID, I know a lot of the Class 1s had pushed out investment in that area now seems to be really materializing in your own revenue profile. If you want to assume a barricades for Class 1 CAPEX and rail volumes in next year, just how durable could that digital growth be just considering that, that investment has been pushed out to the right for so long on the part of the Class 1s?
Rafael Santana: So I'll start with double digits growth last year. We see the opportunity to drive double-digits again for this year. We had about $1 billion in orders for Digital Electronics in 2022. I think this is, well, number one, a significant increase versus the year before. And book-to-bill was really above -- very positive, in fact, for 2021 and 2022, one of the highest between our businesses. Some of these are multiyear agreements. So no different than the past couple of years. We need to drive convertibility of orders in 2023 to cover that. North America continues to improve. Internationally, the pipeline continues to be very strong. I think some progress made here on recurring revenues, I think we talked about that a little bit into the business. We've got some additional work to be done there. And supply chain has improved the bet into the fourth quarter here, and that's, I think, some of the goodness you saw. But as I mentioned, I think we're continuing to see tough dynamics in supply chain in the first half of the year in terms of chip shortages and semiconductors and some auto ones.
Dillon Cumming: Good, appreciate the time. 
Rafael Santana: Thank you. 
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Steve Barger: Thanks. On the guidance slide, it looks like you expect growth in all the categories you list. Are those rank ordered by growth rate and do you expect anything in the portfolio will contract in 2023?
John Olin: They're not listed in rank order. We have talked at Investor Day that we do expect equipment to be the fastest growing over the next several years. We certainly saw that in 2022 but they're not listed in rank order, Steve.
Steve Barger: Can you give us any more color around the growth rates that you do expect for those categories?
John Olin: No, we don't break out that. We've talked about the $8.7 billion to $9 million is growth of 4% to 8%. We expect that to be achieved through both our Freight segment as well as transit to both be up in revenue and in margin but we don't break out the individual pieces of that.
Steve Barger: Can you tell us how much of the 6% projected growth is price?
John Olin: So no, we don't have that broken out. We don't typically break that out as well. As we look to next year, we got a lot of uncertainties and we feel very good about the overall margin growth or revenue growth at a midpoint of 6%. But if I was to add color, I mean, of course, double-digit growth sharing the services, MODs really being a key driver of that. On equipment, I mean, we continue to see the momentum internationally. I think the question, it's really more around the speed in which you convert some of these orders, but there's certainly a very robust pipeline there. And digital I just made some of the comments here. So overall, I think we have the opportunity here to drive both revenue and margin expansion for our businesses, and that's what we're focused on, and that's really across the board.
Steve Barger: Thanks Rafael. And just to make sure we're thinking correctly about the cadence comments. If I assume a first half freight margin similar to 4Q, and transient margin around the average of last year, it looks like first half EPS will be down somewhere mid to high single digit versus 2022, is that how you're thinking about that first half progression?
John Olin: Steve, we're not providing quarterly EPS guidance. Suffice to say that during 2023, we expect higher revenue growth in the first half versus the second half, and we expect full year margin growth to largely come in the second half of the year.
Steve Barger: Understood. But given the mix issues that you're talking about, should we assume that the first half freight margin is similar to 4Q?
John Olin: We're not providing that look. We expect there'll be more mix pressure in the first half, and that will result in more margin growth coming from the second half of the year.
Steve Barger: Got it. Thanks. 
Rafael Santana: Thank you Steve. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello. And welcome, to the Wabtec's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call.  Please note, today's event is being recorded. I now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Kris Kubacki, please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec's third quarter 2022 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 4. I'll start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the third quarter, and progress on our long-term value framework, John will then cover the financials. We delivered a strong third quarter, which is evidenced by strong sales growth and an increase in adjusted earnings per share. We achieved this despite significant headwinds including the loss of business in Russia, supply chain disruptions and negative FX. Sales were roughly $2 billion which was up 9% versus prior year. Revenue was driven by strong performance across the freight segment but partially offset by unfavorable FX. Strong cash flow from operations was $204 million which ranks year-to-date cash flow to $628 million. Overall, our financial position remains strong. We continue to invest our future growth reduced average and return cash for shareholders. Total multiyear backlog was $22.6 billion up $767 million year-over-year and excluding the headwinds from foreign exchange backlog was up $1.5 billion or up 7% from last year. We continued our progress against our long-term strategies as evidenced by continued expansion in the total backlog versus last year. Overall, we have a strong quarter which was very much in line with our plan for the year. We continue to invest for the future as we execute commercially and operationally with discipline and vigor and we're well-positioned to continue to drive long-term growth even with near term uncertainty and volatility in the global economy. Shifting our focus to Slide 5. Let's talk about our end-market conditions in more details. As we look at key metrics across our freight businesses, we are encouraged by underlying business momentum and strong pipeline of opportunities. North America carloads were up slightly in the quarter after being down for the four previous quarters and locomotive parkings are down from the same time last year despite lower year-to-date freight traffic. We continue to see significant opportunities and demand for new locomotives and modernizations as our customers invest in their ageing fleets, and place a greater focus on reliability, productivity and fuel efficiency. When it comes to the North American railcar build, demand for railcars is increasing from what we believe were trough levels in 2021. Railcars in storage are below pre-COVID levels with about 17% of the North American railcar fleet in storage. As a result, industry order for new railcars continue to improve and the industry outlook for 2022 is for about 40,000 cars to be delivered. Overall, we believe we have an opportunity to continue building significant long-term momentum with growth in modernizations, in new locomotive sales, in railcar builds and in rolling stock. Internationally, freight activity also continues to show positive signs. We have been growing our international fleet in the mid-single digits on average over the last five years. And we continue to execute on a strong pipeline of order opportunities. This strength is reflected in this quarter's equipment sales growth of 32%. Finally, transitioning to the transit sector, the long-term secular drivers are positive as the industry continues to trend towards clean, safe, and efficient transportation solutions. Next, let's turn to Slide 6 to discuss a few recent business highlights. During the quarter, we signed a strategic $600 million MOU with KTZ the national railway company in Kazakhstan. This agreement will bring state-of-the-art technologies to both their yards and mainline operations that will significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions and operating costs. This historic framework includes a 150 flex drive battery electric shunters along with kits to convert the traditional diesel locomotives to LNG. We will also collaborate on digital solutions for the fleet beginning with Trip Optimizer. We also recently signed two key deals in Australia to deliver additional locomotive kits. These locomotives will be built in Australia and sold to various Eastern Australian railroad customers. We also closed an order for new locomotives in Africa during the quarter. Finally, in transits, we secured the key order to supply platform doors for Panama's monorail station which marks Wabtec's first transit project in Central America. We also signed a strategic five year services contract with Akiem, a leading European rolling stock leasing company which provides the critical maintenance for 100s of locomotives in France and in Germany. Turning to Slide 7. Before turning it over to John, I want to briefly discuss our ability to deliver predictable earnings to the economic cycle. During our Investor Day earlier this year, we talked about our track record of managing through challenging markets and significant disruptions. As a company, we are uniquely positioned to deliver resilience and predictable earnings given our favorable end-market a robust backlog of high-level of recurring revenues and disciplined execution. All of which drives profitable growth and value for our shareholders. We believe our favorable end-markets combines with our leading technologies and solutions will enable us to remain resilient during times of increased volatility. In freight, the demand put here is to accelerate, the need to grow, and refresh our expansive global install base, accelerate the adoption of next gen technologies and expand our international footprint. In transit, the investment in green infrastructure continues with structurally high energy prices and climate change making the need more urgent. Our multiyear backlog of over $22 billion provide significant visibility and support for long-term growth. The backlog has consistently grown over the past two years despite the challenging economic backdrop. In addition, we have a strong level of recurring revenues which is overshared in its profit contributions of approximately 60%. And finally, we have consistently demonstrated our ability to execute our strategies and deliver growth. Our track record of strong operating margin expansion across the business is evidence of our ability to realize price, deliver productivity and aggressively manage costs. Our execution combines with the strength of our business, leading products and technologies result in Wabtec being resilient to economic cycles delivering predictable earnings and superior shareholder returns. With that, I'll turn the call over to John to review the quarter segment results in our overall financial performance. John?
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael, and good morning. Turning to Slide 8. I will review our third quarter results in more detail. We had another good quarter of operational and financial performance despite continued challenges in foreign currency exchange, supply chain disruptions and still elevated input costs. Sales for the third quarter were $2.08 billion which reflects a 9.1% increase versus the prior year. Freight segment sales were very strong up 18.2% partially offset by lower year-over-year sales in our transit segment. Q3 sales were negatively impacted by unfavorable currency exchange which reduced our revenue growth in the quarter by 5.2%'age points. For the quarter, adjusted operating income was $343 million which was up 5.5% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin in Q3 was 16.4%, down 0.6%'age points. While we expected our margin to be down in the quarter behind unfavorable mix, margins came in modestly higher than we had expected. We now anticipate Q4 operating margins to be slightly lower than our Q3 operating margins. In the third quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share were a $1.22, up 7% versus the prior year. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.88 which was up 27.5% versus the third quarter a year ago. During the quarter, we had pre-tax charges of $9 million for restructuring and other one-time charges largely related to our integration 2.0 initiative to further integrate Wabtec operations and to drive $75 million to $90 million of run rate savings by 2025. We are pleased with our Q3 results especially in the face of significant foreign currency exchange headwinds, continue supply disruptions and strong mix headwinds which was expected in the quarter. We remain diligent and proactive as we focus on execution and work to minimize these challenges. Turning to Slide 9. Let's review our product lines in more detail. Third quarter consolidated sales were strong, up 9.1%. Excluding foreign currency exchange, sales were up 14.3%. Equipment sales were up a strong 32.2% from last year due to higher locomotive deliveries this quarter versus last year. Component sales were up 4.5% year-over-year largely driven by the higher OE railcar build. Digital electronic sales were up 20.6% which was driven by robust demand for onboard locomotive products and software upgrades along with revenue contribution from the strategic bolt-on acquisitions of Beena Vision and ARINC last quarter. We are particularly pleased with our organic growth in Q3 as it was delivered in the phase of continuing chip shortages. Our services sales grew at 14.8% versus last year. A year-over-year increase was driven by higher sales from a larger fleet versus last year, an increase MOD deliveries. The superior performance, reliability, and availability of our fleet continues to drive increased customer demand for our services and solutions as railroads increasingly see predictable outcomes across their fleets. Towards our transit segment, sales decreased 10.1% versus prior year to $550 million. Sales were down versus last year due to the negative impacts of foreign currency exchange. As of the int tax of foreign currency, transit sales would have been up 2.6%. We believe the medium and long-term outlook of this segment remains positive as megatrends such as urbanization and decarbonization drive increased investments in green infrastructure. Now, moving to Slide 10. Our adjusted gross margin decline as expected by 1.4%'age points to 31.4%. gross profit margin was lower, driven by unfavorable mix, adverse foreign currency exchange and higher input costs, partially offset by increased pricing and strong productivity. Pricing positively impacted our margins. Higher pricing was realized from price escalations incorporated into many of our long-term contracts along with other price actions that were implemented to recover increased costs. Mix was unfavorable in the quarter as we significantly increased our sales of locomotives and a lower margin than the average. While material costs were up again year-over-year, led by dramatically higher energy costs and increased metal costs. Foreign currency exchange adversely impacted revenues by 5.2%'age points and adversely impacted third quarter gross profits by $20 million. Finally, manufacturing cost were favorable due to productivity gains which were largely offset by higher transportation and logistics cost. Our team continues to execute well to mitigate the impact of these cost pressures by driving operational productivity and lien initiatives. Turning to Slide 11. For the third quarter, adjusted operating margin decline 0.6%'age points versus last year. As expected, our margins were lower due to mix and increased investment in future technologies but were partially offset by lower adjusted SG&A as a percent of sales. Adjusted SG&A was $256 million which was largely flat versus prior year but down 1.2%'age points as a percent of sales to 12.3%. Engineering expense increased from last year according to plan. We continue to invest engineering resources and current business opportunities but more importantly we are investing in our future as the industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customer's productivity, capacity utilization, and safety. Now let's take a look at the segment sales results on Slide 12 starting with the freight segment. As I already discussed, freight segment sales were strong for the quarter and segment adjusted operating income was $307 million for an adjusted margin of 19.9% down 0.7%'age points versus the prior year. The benefits of higher sales and improved productivity were offset by unfavorable mix in higher engineering investment. Finally, segment backlog was $19.17 billion up $961 million or 5.3% from the end of Q3 last year. On a constant currency basis, segment backlog was up $1.26 billion from last year. Now turning to Slide 13. Transit segment sales were down 10.1% driven by the negative FX of foreign currency exchange and the cyber incident that occurred late in the second quarter. Unfavorable foreign currency exchange impacted segment sales by 12.7%'age points and we estimate an additional 5%'age points due to the cyber incident. Adjusted segment operating income decreased by $17 million to $16 million which resulted in an adjusted operating margin of an 11.0% down 1.5%'age points versus the prior year. We estimate that the temporary labor inefficiencies driven by the cyber incident was roughly $8 million during the quarter. Excluding these temporary inefficiencies, adjusted operating margin would have been largely flat to prior year. We do not expect an adverse impact to our transit sales or earnings due to the cyber incident in the fourth quarter. Transit continues to focus on driving down costs, implementing lien and improving operational efficiencies despite the volatile environment. Finally, transit segment backlog for the quarter was $3.44 billion down 5.4% versus a year ago. However, on a constant currency basis, backlog would have been up 7.2%. Now, let's turn to our financial position on Slide 14. During the quarter, we generated $204 million of operating cash flow resulting in a cash conversion rate of 72%. This brings our year-to-date operating cash flow to $628 million. Cash flow benefitted from higher earnings but was impacted by the proactive build of inventories ahead of our strong second half growth expectations and managing supply disruption of critical parts. Our adjusted net leverage ratio at the end of the third quarter declined a 2.3 times and our liquidity is robust at $2.14 billion. During the quarter, we amended and extended our existing credit facility, increasing liquidity by $300 million and extended the facility through 2027. In addition, we established an 18 month delayed draw term loan from $250 million. As you can see in these results, our financial position is strong and we are confident that we can continue to drive solid cash generation giving us liquidity and flexibility to allocate capital toward the highest return opportunities and to grow shareholder value. With that, I'd like turn the call back to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Let's flip to Slide 15 to discuss our 2022 financial guidance. We continue to feel strong about our portfolio businesses and we have delivered against our regional plan financials despite the loss of business in Russia, high input costs, ongoing supply chain disruptions, unfavorable FX, and a cyber incident. We are adjusting our sales range to $8.15 billion to $8.35 billion which reflects the expected impact from unfavorable FX in the second half. We're also nearing our adjusted earnings per share range to $4.75 to $4.95 while keeping our full-year cash convergent guidance of greater than 90%. Now, let's wrap up on Slide 16. As you've heard today, our team delivered a strong quarter despite a challenging and evolving environment, thanks in large part to our resilient install base, best-in-class technologies and our teams focus on our customers. For this these reasons and more, we are confident Wabtec is well-positioned for long-term profitable growth. Looking forward, we will lean further into the strong fundamentals of the industry and our company to extend our leadership position in rail to delivering innovative and scalable technologies for our customers in harness the power of our continuous improvement culture. With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning, and I'll turn the call over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. Before we do, and out of considerations for others on the call, I ask you that you limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: Thank you.  And our first question today comes from Justin Long with Stephens.
Justin Long: Thanks and good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Long: John, I wanted to start with a comment you made about fourth quarter operating margin stepping down from the third quarter slightly. I would think with mix supposed to improve I believe MOD should be up, the cyber security incident seems like it's behind us. I would think that margin should be getting better sequentially. So, can you just help us understand what might be offsetting some of those tailwinds I mentioned sequentially? And then, I know you're not giving guidance on 2023 today but any directional thoughts on margins next year versus this exit rate in 2022?
John Olin: Thanks, Justin. Nothing has really changed since we've come out on the year. The back half is going to be lower than prior year and certainly in the first half largely driven by mix. And Justin, the zero win on the fourth quarter, we do expect mix to still be the largest driver or the lower margin. What we said last quarter though was that we expected the third quarter to be the lowest margin of the year. And the reason I'm sorry, and given where we ended up at 16.4 that came in, I'm exceeding our expectations and really what that does Justin is just puts us the fourth quarter down to be slightly lower than the third quarter.
Rafael Santana: Justin, I would add a couple of things there. Just keeping in mind we have over 60% of the new locomotives been shipped in the second half of the year. So, with that we've got some give and some takes between third and fourth quarter. I think most important is we expect margin expansions '22 and most importantly that our teams are executing well and that we're in a strong position to continue our margin expansion into '23 and beyond.
Justin Long: Okay, great. That's helpful. And thinking about next year there's a little bit more concern around rail volumes and where we shake out. We're in an environment where rail volumes are down low-single digits maybe even mid-single digits. Is that still an environment where you feel like you can grow freight segment revenue given your backlog for MODs and international locomotives and digital?
Rafael Santana: Yes. It's early certainly to provide guidance in '23 but we continue to see this strong demand across the business. When we think about the pipeline of deals, we have relevant opportunities across geographies. We have progressed with the pipeline of opportunities both in North America and then internationally. We expect to finish the year with book to bill, Justin, about one for all the businesses as we did in '21. I say we're very much on track to finish '22 with double digit increase on orders versus five year despite of FX. And that just provides us strong coverage for '23 and beyond. We pose to extend a little bit on what we're seeing across various geographies, we certainly saw some of the winds we had in Australia and Africa. Volume dynamics continue to be positive in Kazakhstan. We have a number of projects under discussion in Asia. Even mining demand continues to hold with that at this point services' actually growing faster than equipment sales as we go into '23. In North America, I think despite of the carloads being down here today, we continue to see demands for both MODs and new locomotives to a number of discussions going to that. And certainly significant opportunity for some of the class ones to further improve operating ratio and to while so bring significant impact to their ESG targets. So, transits I think infrastructure spanning continues to be a positive for us. And I think all-in-all going to '23 we're well-positioned from a backlog coverage and I had from a backlog coverage from what we had a year ago.
Justin Long: Got it. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone.
Rafael Santana: Hi, Jerry.
John Olin: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Hi, thanks. I'm wondering if you can talk about the pricing cadence that you folks have seen in the freight segment over the course of the year, really strong organic growth in the quarter. What proportion of that is pricing and what we're seeing from other industrials is actually pricing accelerating into early '23. I'm wondering if you can comment on whether that cadence supply's for your business as well, please.
John Olin: Yes, Jerry. I think the year is unfolding very much the way we expected with regards to the cost that we're seeing and they are continuing to rise and we saw them rise quite a bit in the second quarter into the third quarter. In addition, we were seeing a pricing rise. And we talked about as we exited the second quarter, we read price on cost equilibrium at that point. We continue to remain there. But on to your point, Jerry, we did see a large jump in the pricing recovery that we got during the quarter as well as on the higher cost that we and hedged up well with the higher cost that we realize.
Rafael Santana: Jerry, I'd say in the near term we expect inflation to persist and as an organization we'll remain diligent on both cost management and on pricing.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And as you look forward to hopefully the supply chain loosening at some point over next 12 to 18 months, how should we think about the efficiency gains in that environment? Should we think of the company getting to keep that spread as we have less rework, less waiting for parts et cetera? Do we keep that as a margin at some point using the lower cost structure that you folks have established to improve margins versus the three supply chain environment, is that an opportunity?
Rafael Santana: Jerry, we would expect the same thing as we saw going up as is coming down. Hopefully the cost will come down, we're seeing a lot of mixed signals. Some are moving in the lower direction and others are actually still rising. But if they do come down, they'll be very similar and the fact that remember that about 60% of our revenue is tied up in long-term contracts that have price escalators. And so, they will adjust as we see those prices adjust. And the additional 40% of cost are going up, will go up and get more pricing and as they come down, we may see a little bit of a benefit there.
Jerry Revich: Okay, super. Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Good.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you, Rafael. I think before the GE acquisition you guys did two to three bolt-on acquisitions per year. Do you think you'll ease back into that phase next year or the year after? And any update on the acquisition opportunities, would be helpful.
Rafael Santana: Well, we're continuing to explore bolt-on acquisitions. I think we're going to be again opportunistic here. We'll need to be strategic with stronger returns and helping us drive ROIC higher and driving faster good also. We're continued to evaluate opportunities there. We think there's opportunity for prices to still come down on those. And with that, I mean, we're committed to ultimately just really by our cash flow and certain buyer returns to shareholders. So, share repurchase will also be a something we're looking at.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And then, just my second question is you're on pace for '22 revenue that's about 37% of the year-end backlog in the '20, again the 2021. Yes, I know that's not necessarily a perfect metric to gauge future revenues. But, is there any reason why that percentage should be vastly different next year?
Rafael Santana:: Well, as I mentioned before, I think going to 2023, we're well-positioned from a backlog, certainly, ahead of what we were a year ago, I think even the underlying performance of the business we're really very well-positioned to deliver on the five-year guidance that we provided during the Investor Day, last March. So this is less than just about 2023. It's really making sure we're progressing towards the guidance we provided during Investor Day. In our 12 month backlog, adjusted for currency is up approximately 15% at this point in the year versus prior year.
Analyst: Thanks, Raphael. Thanks, John.
Rafael Santana:: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Scott Group of Wolf Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Wanted to ask, the one year freight backlog was down about 5% from last quarter. I don't know if there's any FX impact there. But any color. And then you talked about mix of the headwind for Q4. Any early thoughts about mix of the headwind or tailwind for next year?
John Olin: Scott. With regards to the backlog, we certainly saw it come down sequentially by 4.7%. However, on a year to date basis, we're up 9.8% prior to currency. And when you adjust for currency, we're seeing it up about 15%. And again, we've talked about backlogs, sometimes they can be a little bit lumpy. So sequentially, we're down a little bit, but I think the right way to look at it is over time. And we certainly feel very good about the fact that X currency were up 15% for the 12 month backlog. The second question was with regards to.
Scott Group: Mix you talked about the headwind Q4, if you have any thoughts on next year?
John Olin: Yes. I think that overall, Scott, over the next several years, mix is going to be a headwind, right. And this is what we talked about investor day, as we look to the railroads are starting to renew their fleets. And we saw some of that activity this year with the UPE and CN as well as the NS module deals that we're going to have to face some lower or headwind or mix headwinds over the next several years. But having said that, we've got a lot of growth and a lot of fixed costs to absorb. And we would expect to see our margins grow by 250 to 300 basis points over the next five years. So call it an average of about a 0.5% over that period of time. That's inclusive of mix headwinds.
Scott Group: Okay. And then just last thing, is there anything in this IRA bill that that benefits you guys for next year?
John Olin: The IRA bill.
Scott Group: The inflation Reduction Act, anything happen there that could help you guys next year, starting next year?
Rafael Santana:: No, no, there's not. Scott. With regards to the Inflation Reduction Act, there's a couple of things. One is there's a tax on, I'm sure repurchases that everyone's aware of. Secondly, there is a minimum tax that could have an impact on our cash on next year. At this point, we don't know enough, because not enough of the regulations are out. But they should be out in the first half. And we'll know a little bit more of the overall impact of the company then.
Scott Group: I was thinking like maybe along like the lines of the investment in battery or hydrogen that you guys are doing, if there's something that could help?
Rafael Santana:: We're seeing some specific opportunities is really tied to the railroads and some of the operators there, Scott, and we're following up with those opportunities as we work along, I mean, my only comments would be just in battery electric overall, I think the interest continues to be strong on that portfolio that we continue to build, certainly saw that with the order or the MOU we've signed with Kazakhstan and the level of interest continuous across various geographies. So to your point, we could see some benefit coming from some specific projects customers will look at driving in North America.
Scott Group: Thank you, guys.
Rafael Santana:: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. And the next question comes from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Can we talk on transit a little bit? I know you talked about infrastructure funds benefiting. But if you as we think of that flow through over the next few years, does it become more impactful in 2023 or 2024? Is it more even? Just trying to understand how it shaping to that in our model?
Rafael Santana:: Let me start. Allison on transit just overall. I think, if you think about really underlying drivers for the business, they're positive. If you look at the backlog coverage for the year, at the end of the third quarter, we're five points ahead at the same time last year. Our 12 month backlog, if you look at constant currency, it's about 16.5%. Our total backlog is up 7.2% on the same basis, and we'll finish 2022 with a book-to-bill above one. So with that being said, I think we're continuing to take action to drive profitable growth in the business. And we're continuing to see investment in that regard.
John Olin: Allison, when we look in the near term, we are certainly seeing some headwinds in our transit business. Currency being the most notable. And again, when you look at the quarter with revenues being down 10.1%, you reverse out currency, you'd be up 2.6%. And then again, we had the other headwind of the year, which is the cyber event that largely hit our transit group. That held back about 5% of revenue in the third quarter. So we'd be up over 7% in the underlying business. And that's the best we've been in numerous quarters. So we feel good about that. And again, from a margin standpoint, while margins were down in the quarter, 1.5 points. That's explained again, by the cyber incident. We had about $8 million of temporary variable labor inefficiencies. So this is on labor that was idled more severely underutilized as we work through the cyber incident. And with those are both behind us. And as we look forward, we would expect no impact from cyber moving forward.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks. And then just -I made a misstep at the cutbacks, there's a slight reduction there. Just anything notable driving the change in that number?
John Olin: No. I think it's just the fact that the team is very focused on. I'm doing more with less, and of the overall lean principles that are being deployed throughout the company as it's coming through in our capital budgets as well. So we're - as you noted, from 2% of revenue estimate, we're down to one and three quarters percent. And also to note that we didn't talk about in the prepared remarks is our effective tax rate is down from an expectation of 26% to 25%.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.  And the next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is Matt on for Chris. We wanted to touch a little bit more on just broader demand topics. We were wondering what you guys are seeing in terms of the trends in 4Q and more specifically, how the inflationary environment supply chain dislocations have impacted ordering? And where do you see those trends moving forward? I know you touched a little bit on 4Q. But also, if you could give any additional color on 2023 that would that would be fantastic as well? Thanks.
Rafael Santana:: Let me start. I'll pass it on down to John. But with transit in specific, at this point, we're not seeing any operational disruptions with regards to cyber, as John described. In fact, when we think about the fourth quarter, we would actually expect some level of both manufacturing production and revenue catch up during the fourth quarter on that. In terms of overall dynamics, we're continuing to see a strong pipeline of opportunities out there. I did mention here, that strength really playing out across various geographies. And in many ways across the business. It's all about really driving convertibility into that. So we're certainly proud of what we've seen in the digital electronics business, which is one that I mean, we're continuing to also see very positive dynamics, year today being one of the highest businesses from the book-to-bill perspective. So it's all about converting that pipeline of opportunities. And we are certainly in a stronger position to be driving profitable into 2023 than we were a year ago. And we feel certainly strong about five-year outlook we're providing the business during Investor Day.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks so much.
Rafael Santana:: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Dillon Cumming with Morgan Stanley.
Dillon Cumming: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to go back to the discussion on freight margins for a second. I think there wasn't kind of as much margin dilution in the quarter that would have expected just given a step up in loco deliveries. Can you just talk to you if that was more of a function of maybe better than effected buying leverage on those deliveries or that there was kind of a mix element to it. John, you mentioned that you thought mix would be a kind of quarter on quarter had been going into 4Q? I think historically you've had some like maintenance activity and aftermarket activity, the possible number pulled forward and 3Q, you're not sure that was kind of a driver in the quarter as well. But I'm just wondering if you can kind of speak to those dynamics of the quarter?
John Olin: Yes. When we look at the freight margin and coming in a little bit higher than expected. I think there's two things though to look at Dillon. Number one is mix was a little bit less unfavorable. And then secondly, the foreign currency exchange, right, that was actually a benefit, the margins during the quarter, and it came in a little bit more than we had expected in terms of the overall impact on our business. But again, it hurts on profits, but helped out margins a little bit.
Dillon Cumming: Got it. Thanks, John. And then maybe just that last one. In terms of the progression of locomotive and parkings, just given that carload volumes kind of moved positive year on year in the quarter. I know last year was really a story of network disruption and network congestion kind of driving higher active fleets. But now that kind of carloads trends seem to be stabilizing a bit. Is the message in the Class 1 that they actually need more fleet to service more carloads? Do they feel like fleets are relatively right sized, the level of kind of volume growth that we've been seeing in 3Q, maybe at the end of the year?
Rafael Santana:: I think, certainly to describe what we'll see in 2023, from a volume perspective, but certainly, I think with some of the elements, what you described in both terms of network velocity improving, and well, time reducing that could be a headwind, parkings, I think on the other side, I think we've got enough tailwind to offset that with both the amount for mods and demand for services overall. So that's, I think at the end of day they are positive for us?
Dillon Cumming: Great. Thanks for the time.
Rafael Santana:: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes around Ross Kowski with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Adam on for Ken Hoexter. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to drill down on the one of the last questions. I believe you mentioned about you expected a third of the locomotive deliveries in 2022 to happen in the third quarter. So is that relatively in line? Maybe just give me a sense of that and where you expect in 4Q? And maybe also if that was part of the mixed benefit in 3Q? Thanks.
Rafael Santana:: So my comment was with regards to the second half of the year, and I said over 60% of the new locomotive deliveries would have happened in the second half. With that there is again, some give and take between third quarter and fourth quarter. And as you'd expect, we could see some variation here, as we progress through that.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then maybe just clarify. So, velocities improving, volumes improving and also dwell time coming down a little bit. So net-net, as we think about 2023, should we be still be thinking, growth in the freight services business with the mods built into that? And maybe just any thoughts on mixing margins as well? Thanks.
Rafael Santana:: So yes, we do expect growth in the service business, despite of the dynamics you just described there. And I think I'll go back to -- we continue to drive towards margin expansion. We feel we're in a strong position here to do so as we look at the coverage we've got going into next year. So that's a positive. We've got strong digital growth, as you see it in the numbers as well. And so yes, we do expect margin expansion going through 2023 and beyond.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you.
Rafael Santana:: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Felix Boeschen with Raymond James.
Felix Boeschen: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Rafael Santana:: Good morning.
Felix Boeschen: Hey, John, I was hoping we could hone in on the cost side of things real quick. I think you mentioned your price cost equilibrium in the quarter. Just want to understand if that was a common inclusive of the higher energy costs. And if you have any more directional color around how operations are tracking in Europe in light of all of that?
John Olin: Yes. The comment was inclusive of all of our costs, rising cost of goods sold, basically. Yes, we're at price costs equilibrium, as we exit the third quarter. With regards to, I think your question specifically on energy, we're managing the best we can. We've got a lot of alternative energy sources in our facilities in Europe, but costs are rising quite a bit. We're certainly happy to see some of the cost controls coming out. But we're in the same boat as all of our competitors are, and probably from a locational standpoint, maybe a little bit better positioned in some of the countries that we're in. And we're managing through it the best we can.
Rafael Santana:: I'll just add. Our teams continue to work through contingency plans. So we're certainly looking at dual supplier sourcing, that's something they've been looking at as we really prepare ourselves for an outcome. That it's still uncertain in a lot of ways. But we have invested on really moving some of our sites into lower energy and tasked to use and continue to invest on alternative energy sources there. And also, the cost side of that is like any other rising costs, we will look the price to cover it. And manage our margins, regardless of whether it's an energy spike, or a metal spike or a labor spike, we're very focused on continuing to build those margins.
Felix Boeschen: Okay. That's super helpful. And then just secondly, for me. I think Nordco has been the model for just over a year at this point. And I'm just curious if you could maybe touch on how Nordco performing against the original estimates, maybe both from a top line and a synergy perspective, if that's possible?
Rafael Santana:: So, were happy with the acquisition of Nordco. We're ahead of the performer. The team continues to progress very well. We're certainly excited about the opportunities here to drive growth beyond what we have planned for, especially in the international markets. And that's something the team is very focused on. It's about utilizing the footprint that we already have established in other countries to be able to drive down product line, there's a couple geographies that are really keen for us here. And you'll hear more on some of the progress there, the following quarters.
Felix Boeschen: Thank you.
Rafael Santana:: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes the question and answer session. I would like to turn the call to Kristine Kubacki, the Vice President, Investor Relations for closing comments.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. And thank you, everyone for participating today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-05 14:27:14) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call.  Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec's second quarter 2022 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 4. I'll start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the second quarter, progress on our long-term value framework, and then John will cover the financials. We delivered a strong second quarter, which is evidenced by another quarter of adjusted margin expansion of 1.5 percentage points and adjusted earnings per share growth of 16%. More importantly, we continued our progress against our long-term strategies, as evidenced by a significant expansion in the total backlog. Sales were roughly $2 billion, which was up modestly versus prior year. Revenue was driven by strong performance in the freight segment, but partially offset by lower year-over-year revenue in the transit segment. Excluding foreign currency exchange, consolidated revenues would have grown by roughly 5.5%. Total cash flow from operations was $263 million for a cash conversion of over 90%. Total multiyear backlog was over $23 billion, up $1.7 billion and excluding the headwinds from foreign exchange backlog was up $2.3 billion from last year. Finally, we closed two strategic acquisitions in the quarter, Beena Vision and ARINC and deployed over $100 million in share repurchases and dividends. So, all in all, we had a very good quarter. We continue to invest for the future as we execute commercially and operationally with discipline and rigor. And we're well-positioned to continue to drive long-term growth even with uncertainty and volatility in the overall economy. Shifting our focus to Slide 5. Let's talk about our end-market conditions in more details. As we look at key metrics across our freight businesses, we are encouraged by the continued momentum in our end-markets and the strong pipeline of opportunities. North America carloads are expected to improve in the second half of the year, and locomotive parkings have continued to decline, despite lower year-to-date freight traffic. We continue to see significant opportunities and demand for new locomotives and modernizations as our customers invest in their ageing fleets, and place a greater demand on reliability, productivity and fuel efficiency. When it comes to the North American railcar build, demand for railcars is increasing from what we believe are trough levels. Railcars in storage are below pre-COVID levels, with about 18% of the North American railcar fleet in storage. As a result, industry orders for new railcars continue to improve and the industry outlook for 2022 is for over 40,000 cars to be delivered. Overall, we believe we have the opportunity to build significant long-term momentum with growth in modernizations, in new locomotive sales, in railcar builds and in rolling stock. Internationally, freight car activity also continues to show positive signs. We have been growing our international fleet mid single digits on average over the last 5 years. And we are currently executing on a strong pipeline of order opportunities. Overall, we expect long-term revenue growth in the majority of our end-markets. Finally, transitioning to the transit sector, the long-term market drivers remain positive, with continuing global infrastructure spanning for clean, safe and efficient transportation solutions. Our team is committed to driving growth across both Freight and the Transit segments. Next, let's turn to Slide 6 to discuss a few recent business highlights. We recently secured some strategic orders, including a significant agreement with Union Pacific for 600 locomotive modernizations. These agreements totaling more than a $1 billion will begin delivery next year and run over the next 3 years. It is the largest order for modernized locomotives and rail industry history. The modernizations will enable Union Pacific to move more freight efficiently and sustainably, including a fuel efficiency improvement of up to 18% or more than 80% increase in reliability, and haulage ability increase of more than 55%. This total order will eliminate nearly 200,000 tons of emissions per year, roughly the equivalent of 45,000 passenger cars per year. We also close the significant order with Canadian National for 10 new Tier 4 locomotives, which will begin delivery in 2023 and 50 modernizations. The MODs will be equipped with our DLA advantage technology, which will deliver the best-in-class fuel and emissions reductions. This wins build on several recent announcements we have shared with Canadian National, including their purchase of the flex drive battery electric freight locomotives, and additional order for our precision dispatch system, which will help accelerate network optimization for CN and the entire rail industry. Finally, in Transit, we won a significant order for heating, ventilation and air conditioning units across Atlanta's metro system. This order marks the latest win in our long standing relationship with Stadler and marks the first subway order with the car builder in the U.S. Turning to Slide 7. I wanted to briefly touch on Wabtec's operating system, which drives many aspects of our culture and our performance. Starting with our people and teams, addressing our customer's most critical business needs and developing operating plants, systems and processes to deliver best-in-class performance. We use this operating model to guide what we do to measure how well we execute and to tackle where we need to improve. One of the critical elements of our operating system is our annual strategic planning process. And we are in the midst of this process right now. The goal is to look at opportunities across our markets and our company and identify those areas where we can further leverage our leadership and technology position, build on our expensive install base, capitalize on trends, such as electrification, digitalization, automation, and sustainable transportation, which will all create positive outcomes for our customers. We also look to accelerate investments across the company through our integration 2.0 efforts as well as driving lean operations, continuous improvement and best-in-class productivity, all of which delivers long-term shareholder value. It's also a critical process in aligning our talents, our products, service and software investments to drive long-term profitable growth. We are confident that we're well-positioned for the future and we expect to continue to deliver profitable growth ahead. Since 2019, this process and the Wabtec operating system have been the foundation for driving rigor, strategic alignment and efficiency, especially while navigating profound volatility. As a result, we have been able to bring the full power of Wabtec to our customers, while balancing the need for agility with a clear focus on strategy and execution to own the opportunities before us. With that, I'll turn the call over to, John, to reveal the quarter segment results and our overall financial performance. John?
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael, and hello, everyone. Turning to Slide 8, I will review our second quarter results in more detail. We had another good quarter of operational and financial performance despite continued challenges in the supply chain, currency exchange and cost increases. Sales for the second quarter were $2.05 billion, which reflects a 1.8% increase versus the prior year. Freight segment sales were strong, up 11.5%, partially offset by lower year-over-year sales in our Transit segment. Q2 sales were negatively impacted by unfavorable currency exchange, which reduced our revenue growth in the quarter by 3.8 percentage points. For the quarter, adjusted operating income was $340 million, which was up 11.5% versus the prior year. We delivered strong margin expansion, up 1.5 percentage points on an adjusted basis. Margins were aided by mix favorability, increased pricing and improved productivity, partially offset by significantly higher costs. The team achieved margin expansion even in the face of rising costs and continued supply chain disruptions. Through the first half of the year, our revenue growth excluding foreign currency exchange, and our margin growth have been in line with our original plan and in line with the cadence which we discussed when we issued our 2022 guidance. As we look forward to the second half, we continue to expect accelerated growth in revenue from the first half behind significantly increased locomotive deliveries and lower year-over-year margin percent due to unfavorable mix in our equipment sales and comparing against much higher back half margins in 2021. More specifically, we anticipate this margin decline will be more pronounced in the third quarter than in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect our full year margin percent will be up modestly. In the second quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share were $1.23, up 16.0% versus the prior year. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.91, which was up 37.9% versus the second quarter a year-ago. During the quarter, we had pre-tax charges of $4 million for restructuring and other one-time charges largely related to our integration 2.0 initiative to further integrate Wabtec's operations and to drive $75 million to $90 million of run rate savings by 2025. As Rafael noted, we were very pleased with our Q2 results, especially in the face of significant foreign currency exchange headwinds and continued supply disruptions and our strong margin growth in the face of continued cost increases. We remain diligent and proactive as we work to minimize these challenges. Turning to Slide 9, let's review our product lines in more detail. Second quarter consolidated sales were up modestly at 1.8% and the underlying business is performing well up 5.6%, excluding foreign currency exchange. Equipment sales were up a very strong 16.2% from last year due to higher locomotive deliveries in this quarter versus last year and continued strong mining sales. Component sales were up 4.5% year-over-year, driven by higher OE railcar build, lower number of railcars in storage and a recovery in the industrial end-markets. Digital Electronic sales increased 1.2%, driven by a partial quarter of revenue from the strategic bolt on acquisitions of Beena Vision and ARINC, partially offset by ongoing chip shortages. We continue to see improved demand for our core onboard locomotive products and our backlog in digital continues to increase. Our services sales grew 14.3% versus last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher sales for modernizations and the continued unparking of locomotives. The superior performance, reliability and availability from our fleet continues to drive customer demand as railroads increasingly look for predictable outcomes across their fleets. Across our Transit segment, sales decreased 17.5% versus the prior year to $558 million. Sales were down versus last year due primarily to the negative impacts of foreign currency exchange. We believe the medium and long-term outlook for this segment remains positive as infrastructure spending for green initiatives continue. Moving to Slide 10. Our adjusted gross margin expanded 1.7 percentage points to 31.6%, driven by a richer mix of products, increased pricing and strong productivity, partially offset by higher input cost and unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Mix in pricing positively impacted our margins. Mix benefited margins as freight sales outpaced our transit sales. Additionally, higher pricing was realized for price escalations incorporated into many of our long-term contracts, along with other price actions that were implemented to recover cost increases. Raw material costs were again up significantly, led by increased metal costs and dramatically higher energy costs. Foreign currency exchange adversely impacted revenues by 3.8 percentage points, and adversely impacted second quarter gross profits by $15 million. Finally, manufacturing costs were favorable due to productivity gains, which were largely offset by higher transportation and logistics costs. Our team continues to execute well to mitigate the impact of these cost pressures by triggering price escalations, implementing price surcharges and driving operational productivity and lean initiatives. Turning to Slide 11. For the second quarter, adjusted operating margin expanded 1.5 percentage points versus last year. Our margins benefited from higher adjusted gross profit, but were partially offset by higher operating expenses, primarily from increased investment in future technologies. Adjusted SG&A was $257 million, which was up slightly versus prior year, but down 10 basis points as a percentage of sales to 12.5%. Engineering expense increased from last year according to plan. We continue to invest engineering resources and current business opportunities, but more importantly, we are investing in our future as an industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customers productivity, capacity utilization and safety. Now let's take a look at segment results on Slide 12, starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales improved for the quarter and segment adjusted operating income was $301 million for an adjusted margin of 20.3%, up 1.8 percentage points versus the prior year. The benefits of higher sales, improved mix and productivity were partially offset by higher operating expenses. Finally, segment backlog was $19.68 billion, up $1.84 billion or up 10.3% from the end of Q2 last year, due to the significant multiyear order momentum that Rafael discussed earlier. Turning to Slide 13, Transit segments sales were down 17.5% driven by the negative effects of foreign currency exchange, the exit of low margin contracts in our U.K business and a late quarter manufacturing disruption caused by a cyber incident. In addition, Transit revenue continues to be adversely impacted by supply chain disruptions. As previously announced, on June 26, we detected a cybersecurity incident that impacted the company's network, which disproportionately affected our Transit business. This disruption modestly reduced Q2 revenues and is expected to have an impact on our Q3 transit results. Adjusted segment operating income decreased by $15 million to $58 million, which resulted in an adjusted operating margin of 10.3%, down 0.5 percentage points versus the prior year. Lower absorption, inefficiencies driven by the manufacturing disruption and unfavorable foreign currency exchange were partially offset by strong productivity and lower SG&A.  Transit continues to focus on driving down costs, implementing lean and improving operational efficiencies, despite the volatile environment. Finally, Transit segment backlog for the quarter was $3.55 billion, down 4% versus a year-ago. Adjusting for the negative effect of foreign currency exchange, backlog would have been up 5.3%. Now let's turn to our financial position on Slide 14. During the quarter, we generated $263 million of operating cash flow resulting in a cash conversion rate of 92%. This brings our year-to-date operating cash flow to $424 million. Cash flow benefited from higher earnings, but was impacted by the proactive build of inventories ahead of our strong growth expectations and managing supply disruptions of critical parts. Looking forward, we are confident that we will generate strong cash flow for the year. Our adjusted net leverage ratio at the end of the second quarter declined to 2.4 x and our liquidity is robust at $1.48 billion. We closed on the acquisition of two digital companies Beena Vision and ARINC. The combined purchase price of these two businesses was $69 million. Also during the quarter, we returned more cash to our shareholders, repurchasing an additional $103 million of shares and paid dividends of $27 million. As you can see in these results, our financial position is strong and we are confident that we can continue to drive solid cash generation, giving us the liquidity and flexibility to allocate capital towards the highest return opportunities and to grow shareholder value. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rafael.
John Olin: Thanks, John. Let's flip to Slide 15 to discuss our 2022 financial guidance. In the first quarter, we issued guidance with sales growth at the midpoint of 8% and EPS of $4.65 to $5.05 or up roughly 14% at the midpoint. Our guidance was based on improving industry momentum, and strong underlying customer demand for our products. With the first half behind us, we continue to feel strong about our businesses and we delivered against our regional planned financials despite unplanned loss of business in Russia, and very unfavorable foreign currency exchange. We are maintaining our full year revenue and cash conversion guidance and we are tightening our full year earnings guidance to $4.70 to $5. I am pleased with the strength and resiliency of our business. And more importantly, I'm extremely proud that our teams continue to deliver despite an ever changing and challenging environment. Now, let's wrap up on Slide 16. As you've heard today, our team delivered a strong quarter despite a challenging and evolving environment, thanks in large part to our resilient installed base, best-in-class technologies and our teams focus on our customers. For these reasons and more, we are confident that Wabtec is well-positioned for long-term profitable growth. Looking forward, we will lean further into the strong fundamentals of the industry, and of our company to extend our leadership position in rail to deliver innovative, scalable technologies for our customers, and to harness the power of our lean and continuous improvement culture. With that, I want to thank you for your time this morning. And I'll turn the call now over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of considerations for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator:  And our first question will come from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks, and good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Long: I wanted to clarify, was the UNP order for 600 MODs included in the reported backlog, and also just given that announcement and the announcement we saw earlier this year from NS, and I guess we got some orders from CN this quarter as well. What level of growth in MOD is already locked in looking into 2023? I mean, could we be up 100 units, 200 units any order of magnitude just based on what you already have in the backlog for next year?
Rafael Santana: Yes. So number one, yes, it is included in the backlog. And with that, just one thing to also keep in mind is if you think just about the backlog from a quarter-over-quarter impact from FX alone, it's been over $400 million, year-over-year, it's closer to $600 million. So I think it's important to highlight that, otherwise, you might have expected a larger increase, but it is reflected. Second piece is, as you described, I think we have strong momentum. And it's not just internationally as we have largely described before. But as we've been saying for the past 12 months, I think we have a strong pipeline of opportunities that cuts across both internationally and in North America. We continue to have, I would say, opportunities to grow double digits in terms of the modernization demand and of course, we are coming from trough levels in terms of demand for renewable commodities. So it's good to see the momentum. I think the pipeline of opportunities that we see it on today is stronger than the one we described 3 months ago, or six months ago. So continued opportunity here to further expand our backlog.
Justin Long: Okay. And just to be clear that double-digit growth in MODs was referring to 2023?
Rafael Santana: Exactly. And I think just to add to that, I think one of the important things about this -- this is less about just '23. It's really, I'd say very much aligned on how we described our 5-year plan.
Justin Long: Understood. And I guess, secondly, for John, thinking about the guidance, so the Transit segment saw a pretty significant sequential decline in adjusted operating income. Can you talk about what you're assuming for the back half in Transit? Are we expecting to get back closer to what we saw in the first quarter from an operating income perspective? And then just anything on the cadence of margins and earnings in 3Q and 4Q? I know you said 3Q would be worse from a margin perspective year-over-year, but the comp is tougher. So I just wanted to think about things on maybe more of an absolute basis in the next two quarters.
John Olin: Well, let's start with -- that's a lot, Justin. Let's start with the Transit business. Starting with revenue, when we look at the overall first half, we find that revenue was down about 12% and operating margins down slightly at tenths of a point. So number one is we believe that Transit's ability to hold margin in the face of lower revenue speaks to its resilience and underlying earnings growth. And more importantly, the decline in the first half revenue was caused by a few items that don't represent the businesses underlying performance or just in the future growth risk potential. These items include the foreign currency exchange, which in the first half was 7 percentage points. And on a quarterly basis, it was up to 9. We talked about in the first quarter the exit of the low margin U.K business that continues into the second quarter. We will not continue beyond it. Now we're lapping the full exit of that. And then finally, the manufacturing disruption we had from the cyber incident, which reduced revenue roughly 5% in the Transit business, and that incident largely hit the Transit business. But excluding these items, Justin, the underlying business is up modestly. As we look to Q3, we do continue to expect headwinds on Transit revenue because of foreign currency, and certainly some spillover of the cyber incident. When we look at the overall margin piece, that's been really driven by a lot lower absorption in the second quarter as well as some of the inefficiencies due to the cyber event. In the back half, we don't provide guidance for the back half. But with that, on Transit -- but with that, Justin, I'll transit into your next question, which is on the cadence. As we've talked about, this year in the cadence, we've talked about really the story of two halves. The first half, we would expect a moderate growth, and ex currency, we were up a little over 5% in the first half. And we also talked about stronger year-over-year earnings -- sorry, margin growth in the first half, and we were up about 1.4 percentage points on the half. So that really played out exactly as we had planned. When we looked at the back half, we said that the back half would be more pressured on margin growth. And actually, we said that it would be lower on a year-over-year basis. And that would be driven by much higher revenue that's coming from our equipment group in the delivery of locomotives, predominantly in the back half. So now if we look at the back half and parse that back a little bit better and talk about the cadence between quarters, we would expect the third quarter and the fourth quarter to be up significantly in revenue, but a little bit more on the third quarter than the fourth quarter. And with regards to operating margin, we would expect the margin percent in the third quarter to be less than what we experienced in the fourth quarter.
Justin Long: Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks, John.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. Please go ahead.
Eli Winski: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. This is Eli Winski on for Chris. So 
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Eli Winski:  maybe -- good morning. So I just want to go to the revenue segment for a second, in Freight. So I understand that equipment growth will look really strong. Is that where the focus is right now in growth within freight? And I understand that MODs are doing well, but maybe on the Components and just Digital Electronics, like how should we be thinking about some of the revenue growth in those two areas as well?
Rafael Santana: Well, if you take about the quarter per se, it's certainly lab, not just by equipment. You see it on the services side as well. If you think about components, we do expect to continue to gain momentum there as you're coming from the trough, and we do expect that the number of freight cars shipped will be about 40,000. So that's a positive too. I think the other elements, which is on Digital Electronics, we expect strong second half in terms of sales. And certainly when you look at backlog dynamics, it's certainly reflected in both in terms of the Digital Electronics business and the Component business both with book-to-bill above 1.
Eli Winski: Okay, great. That makes sense. Thanks, Rafael. And then, John, I appreciate the help on the cost and the margin. But I feel like there's been a lot of talk about just FX. And just maybe can you help us clarify what the specific impact of FX was in this quarter? And how does it compare to last year? I just want to understand like how that impacted each of the segments and on the full business, and then what that looks like year-over-year?
John Olin: Great. Good question. So let's start with what's driving it. The euro is driving it. The U.S. dollar strengthened dramatically, as you know, against the euro. And if we look at the average euro a year ago, it was at 120. And in the second quarter that we just exited it's at 107. So it's about 12% strengthening against the dollar. What this does is it translates into our revenue, which on a consolidated basis, was down $76 million. And if you look at that, in terms of a percentage of growth, that was 3.8 percentage points of growth that kind of went away because of currency. That was much more predominant when you look at our Transit business. It was $60 million that hit Transit and just shy of 9 percentage points decline in revenue do to it. Now as we lose -- move to the earnings impact, it's considerably less than the impact on revenue and that's a result of the company's natural hedges and the way we're manufacturing and a lot of that being locally. Gross profit in the quarter was down $15 million due to unfavorable foreign currency exchange, and then operating income was only down $4 million.
Eli Winski: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you. Would love to hear an update on the performance of the FLXdrive and any possible issues that still need to be worked out? Also, any update on the number and cadence of deliveries over the next few years would be appreciated? I know you guys have been taking orders from several railroads over the past year or so. So any insight into when deliveries might kick in over the next few years would be helpful.
Rafael Santana: So let me start with the second half of your question, I'll go down into the FLXdrive question. I think on the pipeline of deals, we really have relevant opportunities across key geographies at this point. I think volume dynamics continue to be a positive in Kazakhstan. We have a number of projects under discussion in Asia and Australia. We continue to follow up specific projects in Africa that are tied to commodity exports. In Brazil, I think despite of the drop in carloads year-to-date, there's significant opportunities tied to renew concessions, and mining is also a positive in that context. I think in North America, despite of carloads being down for the first half, we continue to see growing demand for modernization and new locomotives. And that's, again, driving efficiency and reliability, with a direct impact to the operating ratio of our customers and bringing certainly enormous impact to their ESG targets as well. So when we look at the cadence moving forward, I think we certainly feel we're very well-positioned to deliver 5-year guidance that we provided at our Investor Day. We certainly feel stronger about it now than we did 3 months ago and then we did 6 months ago. And that's very much aligned to, I think, the pipeline of opportunities we've started to describe over a year ago. On the FLXdrive comment there is we continue to see interests from customers out there. We are continuing discussions, and you're going to see that moving through other geographies. And I think that's very much aligned how we see the evolution here and, you're going to see also permutations of that product going to not just full battery electric, but also hybrid as we've also described on previous calls.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And then just anything -- is everything going as expected as far as the testing and the performance of the FLXdrive, Rafael?
Rafael Santana: Yes, it is. We are certainly paying a lot of attention and working very closely not just with our customers, but also with suppliers in that context and making sure that we continue to progress with all the elements of that and special with regards to the battery. And as you know, we have a partnership here established with GM, and we're working very closely with them in order to make sure we continue to progress in that direction.
Matt Elkott: Got it. Just one quick follow-up, Rafael. You mentioned mining. We've seen some slight guidance reductions on CapEx from some of the miners this earnings season. Nothing big. I mean, I guess, end-market demand continues to be solid. But given the slight CapEx reductions and the lower commodity prices, are you guys concerned about the Mining segment beyond this year? I know your outlook for this year is positive, but what about 2023?
Rafael Santana: I think that can certainly be an element of, I'm just going to call, the cycle moving forward. We are working very closely with customers and with Komatsu  in that regard. We see solid opportunities ahead, and we will continue to make sure we are balancing that with auto  in the business. I think there's a lot of positive news here in terms of what we could be seeing in terms of opportunities for the rail side. So solid. No concerns for the year. We will continue to work closely here with customers to understand demand into '23 and beyond.
Matt Elkott: Great. Thank you very much.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Ivan Yi: Yes, good morning. This is Ivan Yi on for Scott.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Ivan Yi: Good morning. First, can you discuss the rough margin percentages on these locomotive modifications -- modernizations? And how does that compare relative to margins on new locomotives?
John Olin: Yes, Ivan, we don't provide specific margins, obviously. But when we look at MODs versus new, the way to think about it is that certainly the revenue is somewhat lower on a MOD than a new. However, the margin is somewhat higher on a MOD than a new.
Ivan Yi: Great. That's helpful. And secondly, what has been the impact of poor rail service on the pace of loco on parkings? And also, have you started having any initial conversations with the rails about buying any new locomotives? Thank you.
John Olin: So true. Thanks. Of course, I think the services have -- as you look at least into the past several months, have translated into unparking of locomotives. That -- I mean, as you look forward, it's got to be balanced with carloads being a bit more positive here in the second half of the year. So I think that's part of balance. When you think about investment on new locomotives, it's part of the construct and the dialogue that we have with North American customers. You see that as part of the announcement of some purchases of Tier 4 units this past quarter. And this is very much part of the dialogue. It's going to depend in some of the solutions in order to solve for some of the productivity and efficiency, while we are convinced that there is an opportunity here to invest and drive both reliability and efficiencies from the existing fleet very much aligned with the opportunity here to improve operating ratios and also aligned to driving, I think, significant elements of the decarbonization targets that were laid out there.
Ivan Yi: Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you and good morning, everybody.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: My question is a little bit on the bigger picture on inflation margin. You guys have had really solid margin performance, perhaps without as much at least backward-looking cycle and revenue support as some other end-markets. I'm curious if -- I mean, when you look at your supply chain and you look at your costs, is there any wave of inflation coming that you have not yet dealt with? Maybe you could just give sort of a general outlook on how the inflationary cost pressures in your supply chain, your backlog and your outlook compared with your forward looking ability of the price? Thank you.
John Olin: Okay, Rob. The inflation that you're referring to came in an initial wave of higher costs in the third quarter of last year. And it takes a while for that to roll through our inventory, right? And we saw cost build and rise in the third, fourth and first quarter of this year. And we did have and see another cost shock at a much smaller level than what we saw in the third quarter, and that was due to the war in Ukraine. So as some of that rolls through, we would expect cost to rise a little bit from the first cost shock. Now having said that, we are seeing some tempering of costs out there, right? Metals are had a good quarter. They're down, but they're still at historic highs and up on a year-over-year basis. But tempering, we feel good about that. In terms of the logistics costs, we are continuing to see very high cost of transportation and logistics, in particular, in containers coming from Asia, but they've tempered slightly as well. So -- all this is going to take time to get through our P&L, but we would expect costs in the third quarter to be up a bit from what we are seeing here in the second quarter.
Rafael Santana: I will just close saying that, I mean, we are committed to grow margins forward. We could and will have significant variation sometimes quarter-to-quarter. I think this is especially given the mix with much higher growth in equipment. There's also the elements of what John spoke about in terms of inflation. With specific for the second half of the year, I just want to emphasize here how big the mix impact is. And specific in the third quarter, if you think about it, we are -- we have over a third of our shipments of new locomotives happening in the third quarter. So I couldn't highlight enough some of the elements of mix and variation that we can see from that on quarter-over-quarter.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thanks.
John Olin: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question will come from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi. Good morning. Just building on your last comment. You talked about a third of the locomotive shipments happened in the third quarter. Could you quantify how much of the mix headwind do you expect on margins just from these locomotive shipments?
John Olin: We can't quantify that, Saree. Just the overall concept that while we have strong margins and our equipment business are lower than the average. And as Rafael had mentioned, we will have a significant revenue growth driven by that, and that will pull over -- pull down the margin. It's something that we planned on all year long, and we are expecting. And again, that's why we've talked about in the back half that our margins on a year-over-year basis will be lower than a year ago. But on a full year basis, our margins will be up modestly as we've discussed.
Rafael Santana: I will just reemphasize that for the year, we expect results very much aligned to the guidance we provided in February this year and how we described on previous earnings calls. So it's all about higher margins in the first half of the year, higher volume in the second half, with a significant element of mix coming in.
Saree Boroditsky: Got it. And then you've previously talked to think about the opportunity for 500 MODs per year. Just given the recent orders, how are you executing on this opportunity? And are these orders incremental to this or just in line with your outlook?
Rafael Santana: We have not provided any specific guidance with regards to a total number of MODs. So we certainly see opportunity to continue to expand on that. And I think we've been clear about that on previous calls. So the opportunity is there. It's certainly reflected in the pipeline, and you are seeing that being realized as backlog continues to grow.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nathan Ho with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Nathan Ho: Hi. Good morning, team.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks again . Just a quick question on the cyber attack and sort of the 3Q impact on operations. Would you mind maybe giving a little bit more detail on how this affected both quarterly operations as well as same margins? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Okay. Just in terms of the second quarter, I think John said it, it was about 5% in the third quarter. 
John Olin: 5% in Transit.
Rafael Santana: 5% Transit, in specific. We would expect that to be less in the third quarter. We don't expect impact for the year, and that's part of why we've reaffirmed guidance at this point.
Nathan Ho: Got you. Thank you so much. And also just, John, on your comments regarding supply chain challenges. I mean we've seen some incremental debottlenecking for the auto sector. Are you -- for your Digital Electronics, are you witnessing anything similar there? Is there sort of signs of incremental improvement?
John Olin: Nathan, as we look from first quarter to second quarter, we don't see any improvement. The good news is I don't feel it's getting worse. The unfortunate news is we don't feel it's getting better as well. And again, as Rafael had mentioned earlier, that's certainly a big impact on our first half revenues with digital. But chips are hard to come by. We are not seeing a change from the first quarter, and we're hopeful as we move forward.
Rafael Santana: Just a couple of comments on the Digital. I mean, orders grew double digits last year. Book-to-bill for this year is very positive. It's the highest between our businesses year-to-date. So a number of multiyear agreement. We expect the second half strong sales second half of the year. And with that, as John mentioned, chip shortages have had an impact for the business.
Nathan Ho: Got it. Thanks .
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you folks can talk about your capacity for MODs, how quickly you can ramp up considering the size of the Union Pacific order compared to your production to date? An update on how you're thinking about capacity for that line of business would be helpful. And also, Rafael, if you could comment on your assessment of using MODs to  essentially the greenhouse gas reduction targets for other rails? How optimistic are you on others taking a similar approach?
Rafael Santana: Yes. Jerry, first, in terms of the manufacturing footprint to deliver on these orders and more, we certainly feel strong about having that capacity. And we certainly have the manufacturing capacity to do that, but it's about more than that. It's making sure that we're continuing to work very closely with our customers, suppliers in that process, so we can ultimately anticipate demand. Certainly, lead times, when you look at a couple of years ago, have extended. And I think a big piece has been really making sure that we were close to customers so we could anticipate demand. And you see, to some extent, some of that certainly has impacted our inventory numbers as part of that, but that's a piece of it. When it comes to MODs, I think that continues to be a very positive story, and it's really part of a dialogue that varies customer by customer in terms of the solutions. I think we see some significant opportunities for customers to actually be working on being more productive. And in some cases, means reducing the number of locomotives that pull a certain number of cars, and that has translated into also applying some of the fuel solutions that we've described. And we see opportunity to continue to expand on that. I think what's important here is we see that part of really a growing multiyear backlog. This is I think less about what '23 is going to be. It's back to the comment I made, which is really tied to the 5-year plan that we described. And we feel like we are very well-positioned to deliver on that 5-year guidance that we provided at our Investor Day last March despite of all the macroeconomic uncertainties out there.
Jerry Revich: And speaking of the uncertainties, you folks pointed out the Russia headwind. And looking at your freight results in the quarter, it's tough to pinpoint which lines of business the Russia headwind played out and obviously, organic growth would have been stronger without it. Can you talk about which lines of business the exit impacted the most in the quarter within Freight?
Rafael Santana: Certainly, Freight, probably the combination of equipment and services. That's where we really saw the bulk of that impact.
Jerry Revich: And Rafael, was the full 5 points that you anticipated at Investor Day on a consolidated basis?
John Olin: Jerry, that would be 2%. So the revenues that we had in 2021 were about 2% of our sales.
Jerry Revich: Super. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: But for the year, as we've described, I mean, it's 5%. We can have variation again quarter-to-quarter, but that's about the magnitude of what we expected for the year.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dillon Cumming with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dillon Cumming: Great. Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Dillon Cumming: Just wanted to go back, Rafael, to one of your comments on the Park local  account. I think we understand why that's kind of moving lower through the year, right, and it's reflective of the service issues at the Class 1 level. I guess from our perceptive, it seems like more of the Class 1s are shifting their tone around potential parkings in the back half. So I guess my question is, in your view, if freight traffic does start to more fundamentally weaken next year, right, that reflects those service issues but more reflective of actual declines in rail demand? Is your view that the Class 1s actually can park more fleet? Or would you say the service issues are more supportive of kind of a structurally higher active fleet?
Rafael Santana: I think the element of parking is not just going to be a function of service improvement, but also what carloads do in that period. So I think that's something that we will continue to watch and work very closely as part of that. And I think what's a positive, I think it's a lot of the underlying investment that you see in terms of really guaranteeing fleet reliability, ultimately driving efficiency across the fleet. And I think we continue to see momentum there. So if that comes counterbalanced with any elements of potential parking, I think that's a story we still see and we will be working closely with our customers in that regard.
Dillon Cumming: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just a question on the back half margin-related issues or headwinds as it relates to international deliveries. I guess I was wondering, longer term, do you have scope to structurally improve the margin profile of those international deliveries? Because I think given your commentary on the pipeline, right, it feels like volume should be accelerating next year and into '24 as well. So just curious if this is more of a recurring issue? Or if you feel like you can actually start getting a better level of incremental margin on those international deliveries going forward?
Rafael Santana: So that's actually a positive, and it's something that we've been able to is to ultimately drive as-delivered margins better than now sold margins, something that we track very closely in the business. So there's certainly continued opportunity there. And I think the other piece is making sure that we are continuing to expand on growth on some of these markets where we've really had really, I will call the best-in-class products to work with customers, and we see some good momentum there.
Dillon Cumming: Okay, great. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. And I'd like to thank everybody for their participation today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 14:31:19) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Wabtec First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call.  Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec's first quarter 2022 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. With that, Ill turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 4, and Ill start with an up on our business, my perspectives on the quarter and progress on our long-term value framework. John will then cover the financials. Overall, we achieved significant progress against our long-term strategies that we detailed at our Investor Day in March. We delivered a strong first quarter as shown by the 5% sales growth, adjusted operating margin expansion of 1.4 percentage points and adjusted earnings per share growth of 27%. Total cash flow from operations was $161 million. Finally, we ended the quarter with about $23 billion of multiyear backlog, which was up $1.1 billion from last year. Overall, our team overcame a volatile and disruptive environment and delivered a strong first quarter, despite challenges across the supply chain, higher costs and the impact from the conflict in Ukraine. We are monitoring the devastating situation in Ukraine. Our hearts go out to the people there, their resilience and courage are truly inspirational.  For the year, we expected Russia to account for roughly 5% of our earnings. We do not expect our business in that market to return for the remainder of the year. Given the situation, our first priority is to continue to protect the safety of our employees in the region and abide by all sanctions. On the positive side, we do believe that the rail industry and Wabtec are well poised to benefit from significantly higher energy prices and from the likelihood of shifting global commodity flows over the medium term.  Rail significant fuel advantage over truck is only widening with pricing fuel prices, improving the value proposition for rail. We are enhancing our customers productivity, capacity utilization and safety through investments in decarbonization and digital technologies. The breadth of our portfolio, along with our unmatched technologies and deep expertise, means our order pipeline continues to strengthen, and our visibility beyond 2022 continues to increase. Our confidence in our company's future is reflected in our first quarter purchase of $296 million of Wabtec's stock and in the increase of our first quarter dividend by 25%. Shifting our focus to Slide 5. Let's talk about end market conditions in more detail. As we look at key metrics across our freight businesses, we are encouraged by the underlying momentum of our industry. Many key metrics are improving with the exception of North American carloads. Despite the slow start, we expect carloads to improve as the year progresses. Locomotive parkings continue to decline despite weaker freight traffic in the quarter. We expect demand for reliability, productivity and fuel efficiency to continue to increase placing our services business and modernization portfolio in a position of strength. When it comes to the North American railcar build, demand for railcar is increasing from what we believe are trough levels. Railcars in storage are below pre-COVID levels with about 18% of the North American railcar fleet in storage. As a result, industry orders for new railcars continue to improve. The industry outlook for 2022 is for over 40,000 cars to be delivered. Internationally, freight activity continued to show growth in the first quarter across many of our major markets, and our order pipeline remains strong. We expect long-term revenue growth in the majority of our end markets. Transitioning to the transit sector, ridership trends continue to be uneven in various markets. However, infrastructure spending for green initiatives continue to be a bright spot, especially as governments globally invest in rail for clean, safe and efficient transportation. Overall, the long-term market drivers for passenger transportation remained positive. Next, let's turn to Slide 6. When it comes to the long-term shareholder value, we are continuing to drive progress against our value creation framework, which is anchored around five key growth strategies. This includes accelerating, the creation of innovative and scalable technologies and using these technologies to grow and refresh our expensive global installed base. Leading the decarbonization of rail, expanding high-margin recurring revenue streams, which reduces our exposure to economic and industry cycles and most importantly, driving continuous operational improvement and we are making strong progress against this strategy.  In the first quarter, we won several strategic orders, including our largest digital order in India for online monitoring of rolling stock. This new automated system is part of Indian Railways smart yard initiative and it will improve the availability of the railway's fleet of coaches, wagons and locomotives. We also won key digital orders with Class 1s for our next generation dispatch offering, as well as a fleet-wide PTC hardware upgrade. We also secured a strategic order for 330 locomotive modernizations with Norfolk Southern, and we've introduced a new locomotive model to Brazil's freight rail market with deliveries to Romo, MRS and Suzano. Finally, we launched our integration 2.0 restructuring program which, as we outlined at our recent Investor Day, will drive continued footprint rationalization as well as manufacturing and engineering efficiencies across our operations. Through these efforts, we expect to deliver between $75 million to $90 million of additional run rate savings by 2025 and position Wabtec for continued growth.  With that, I'll turn the call over to John to review the quarter segment performance and our overall financial position. John?
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 7. I will review our first quarter results in more detail. We had another good quarter of operational and financial performance, despite challenges in the supply chain, cost increases and the impact of Russia. Sales for the first quarter were $1.93 billion, which reflects a 5.3% increase versus the prior year.  Sales were positively impacted by the continued broad recovery in our freight segment, higher pricing and the acquisition of Nordco, partially offset by lower year-over-year sales in transit, driven by unfavorable foreign currency exchange and supply chain disruptions.  We continue to experience adverse impacts to our sales results in both segments due to shortages across many component parts, including computer chips, which caused delays in production and customer delivery. For the quarter, adjusted operating income was $319 million, which was up 15.2% versus the prior year. We delivered strong margin expansion, up 1.4 percentage points on an adjusted basis. Margins were aided by mix favorability, increased pricing and improved productivity, driven by higher absorption of fixed manufacturing costs, partially offset by $45 million to $50 million of higher costs. The team achieved margin expansion even in the face of a highly disrupted supply chain and a challenging inflationary environment. In the first quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share were $1.13 and up 27% versus prior year. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.80, which was up 35.6% versus first quarter a year ago. During the quarter, we had charges of $7 million for restructuring and other onetime charges, largely related to our integration 2.0 initiative to further integrate Wabtec operations and to drive $75 million to $90 million of run rate savings by 2025. As Rafael noted, are pleased with our Q1 results, and particularly our sales growth in the face of supply chain disruptions and unfavorable currency exchange and our margin growth in the face of continued cost increases. We remain diligent and proactive as we work to minimize these challenges.  Turning to Slide 8. Let's review our product lines in more detail. First quarter consolidated sales were up 5.3% versus last year, driven by higher sales in the Freight segment, partially offset by lower transit segment sales. First quarter sales were adversely impacted by foreign currency exchange of 2 percentage points and continued supply disruptions. Equipment sales were up 4.6% year-over-year due to continued strong mining sales. We remain encouraged by the improving trends in our component business. Component sales continued to build momentum and were up 12.8% year-over-year, driven by higher OE railcar build, lower number of railcars in storage and a strengthening recovery in industrial end markets.  In line with an improving outlook for rail, our services sales grew 18.5% versus last year. The year-over-year increase was largely driven from higher sales from modernizations, the unparking of locomotives and the acquisition of Nordco. The superior performance, reliability and availability of our fleet continues to drive customer demand, as railroads increasingly look for predictable outcomes across our fleets. Excluding Nordco, organic sales for the first quarter were up 11.5%. Digital Electronics sales declined 1.9% versus prior year, driven primarily by ongoing shortages of chips. We continue to see improved demand for onboard locomotive products, and our backlog in digital continues to increase. And even more importantly, we continue to see a significant pipeline of opportunities in our digital electronics product line as customers globally focus on improved productivity, increased capacity utilization and safety. Across our Transit segment, sales decreased 6.5% versus prior year to $605 million. Sales were down versus last year due to supply chain issues, lapping the exit of low-margin UK contracts and the negative impacts of foreign currency exchange. Foreign currency exchange alone adversely impacted revenues by 5.1 percentage points. We believe the medium and long-term outlook for this segment remain positive as infrastructure spending for green initiatives continue.  Moving to Slide 9. Our adjusted gross margin expanded 1.7 percentage points to 31.1%, driven by product mix, increased pricing and favorable manufacturing costs, partially offset by higher raw material costs and unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Mix and pricing positively impacted our margins. Mix benefited margins as freight sales outpaced our transit sales. Additionally, higher pricing was realized from price escalations incorporated into many of our long-term contracts, along with other price actions that were implemented to recover increased costs.  Raw material costs were again up significantly, led by increased metal costs, including steel, aluminum, copper and dramatically higher fuel costs. Foreign currency exchange adversely impacted revenues by 2.0% and adversely impacted first quarter gross profits by $10 million. Finally, manufacturing costs were positively impacted by favorable absorption of fixed costs, partially offset by exponentially higher transportation and logistics costs.  Current global container costs continue to be significantly higher than last year's average. In aggregate, the continuing effects of the supply chain disruptions, higher materials, transportation and labor costs are estimated to be $45 million to $50 million higher than last year's first quarter. Our team continues to execute well to mitigate the impact of these cost pressures by triggering price escalation, implementing price surcharges and driving operational productivity and lean initiatives.  Turning to Slide 10. For the first quarter, adjusted operating margin expanded 1.4 percentage points versus last year. Our margins benefited from higher adjusted gross margin, but were partially offset by higher engineering expenses from increased investment in future technologies. Adjusted SG&A was $236 million, which was up $13.0 million from the prior year due to in part, the acquisition of Nordco. Engineering expense increased from last year according to plan.  We continue to invest engineering resources and current business opportunities, but more importantly, our investing in our future as an industry leader in the decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customers' productivity, capacity utilization and safety.  Now let's take a look at segment results on Slide 11, starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales improved for the quarter and segment adjusted operating income was $259 million for an adjusted margin of 19.6%, up 1.5 percentage points versus the prior year. The benefits of higher sales, improved mix and increased pricing were partially offset by significantly higher input costs. Finally, segment backlog was $19.02 billion, up $1.02 billion from the end of the first quarter last year due to the broad multiyear order momentum that Rafael discussed earlier. Turning to Slide 12. Transit segment sales were down 6.5%, driven by the negative effects of foreign currency exchange and supply chain disruptions. Adjusted segment operating income decreased by $5 million to $74 million, which resulted in adjusted operating margin of 12.3%, up 0.1 percentage points versus the prior year.  Increased pricing and lower year-over-year SG&A were largely offset by significant increases in input costs and unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Across the segment, the team delivered a strong operational performance as we continue to focus on driving down costs, implementing lean and improving operational efficiencies despite the volatile environment. Finally, Transit segment backlog for the quarter was $3.74 billion, up slightly versus a year ago. Adjusting for the negative effect of foreign currency exchange, backlog would have been up roughly 5.5%.  Now let's turn to our financial position on Slide 13. During the quarter, we generated $161 million of operating cash flow resulting in a cash conversion of 59%. Our cash conversion rate in Q1 was below our full year target of being over 90%. Cash flow has historically been the lowest in Q1, this was compounded this quarter by proactively building inventories ahead of our strong growth expectations for the back half of the year and managing supply disruption of critical parts. Additionally, as expected, the payment of short-term incentives was considerably higher in Q1 of 2022 versus the COVID impacted Q1 '21 payment. Looking forward, we are confident we will generate strong cash flow for the year. Our adjusted net leverage ratio at the end of the first quarter declined to 2.5x and the liquidity is robust at $1.50 billion. Also during the quarter, we returned more cash to our shareholders, repurchasing an additional $296 million of shares and paid dividends of $28 million which was up 25% and versus our prior year dividend rate.  As you can see in these results, our financial position is strong, and we are confident that we can continue to drive solid cash generation, giving us the liquidity and flexibility to allocate capital toward the highest return opportunities and to grow shareholder value.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Let's flip to Slide 14 to discuss our 2022 financial guidance. Last quarter, we issued guidance with sales growth at the midpoint of 8% and EPS of $4.65 to $5.05 or up roughly 14% at the midpoint. Our guidance was based on improving industry momentum and strong underlying customer demand for our products. Despite headwinds from supply chain disruptions, unfavorable mix and a still challenging cost environment with higher investments in technology, we are continuing to take action to drive margin expansion and grow our business overtime.  With the first quarter behind us, we feel strong about our businesses and delivered against our original planned financials, despite unplanned loss of business in Russia. I'm pleased with the strength and resilience of our business and more importantly, I'm extremely proud that our teams found the path to deliver to our plan. despite an ever-changing and challenging environment. The reality is that, our business in Russia was expected to earn about $0.25 per share in 2022, which pressures the top end of our guidance range. However, despite this pressure and recognizing the strong underlying execution, the pipeline of opportunities in the business, and the still volatile market conditions impacting 2022 and beyond, we are not changing our original guidance.  Now let's turn to the next slide. Our team delivered a very strong start to the year despite a challenging and rapidly evolving environment. I'm proud of their efforts to deliver for our customers, drive strong financial results and further strengthen our financial position. As we look forward, the rail sector and Wabtec are well positioned to increase share and solve the critical issues facing the world's freight and logistics, et cetera.  We will continue to lean in the strong fundamentals of the industry and our company to drive long-term profitable growth. Our long-term strategy continues to be built on our deep industry expertise, grounded in innovation, breakthrough initiatives and scalable technologies that drive value for our customers. These efforts will continue to be accelerated by our lean, continuous improvement culture and disciplined capital allocation. As we've said before, Wabtec's mission holds a larger purpose to move and improve the world. I am confident that this company will continue to deliver and lead the transition to a more sustainable future.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions.  Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator:  Our first question will come from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead. 
Justin Long: So maybe to start on the guidance, Rafael, you mentioned that Russia was $0.25 of the original guidance for the full year. Just to be clear on that, are you now assuming that number is 0? And if so, with the guidance range unchanged, can you talk about what the positive offsets are to that headwind in Russia?
Rafael Santana: Yes. So that's right. We are considering it's 0 for the year at this point. I think the offsets Justin, I'll start with the first quarter. We're really tied to -- well, first, I think the business is operating well. Our teams have done strong execution. We've also seen positive coming from the unparking of locomotives with demand on the services business. We also have seen a stronger mining business that now we have anticipated.  So, if you think about the year, I think it's continuing to work to find offsets, not just tied to the loss of the business in Russia, but headwinds of inflation and supply chain, transportation costs as well. I think with the first quarter behind us, I think the team continues to work on those offsets. The other thing that I would add is, uncertainly have certainly increased since we last talked in February. But we have probably a stronger pipeline of opportunities in the business. And I think despite of the volatile market conditions, we felt really strong about maintaining guidance at this point.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. And maybe following up on the pipeline, specifically on international locomotives, do you already have enough in the backlog at this point to say your deliveries will not only be up in 2022, but also in 2023, just from an international locomotive perspective? And are there any data points you can share on new contract wins that are in the market today that you're bidding on?
Rafael Santana: Yes, Justin. Number one, we have fundamentally backlog again for what we need as far as new locomotives being delivered this year. And it's actually started that gains momentum through the year. If you look at the second half of the year, we're going to actually be delivering more than 50% more locomotives than we did on the year before in the second half. So, I think that's one data point.  I think what was more exciting about the quarter was really the backlog. It was a positive again in the quarter. I think we see momentum in the order intake and growing backlog, the pipeline of deals has strengthened again. And this is probably the strongest pipeline of deals we've had over the last five years. And our commercial team here continues to be focused on converting this pipeline. I think you saw some of that progress with the things we announced here in the first quarter.  The strength is also reflected on the 12-month backlog. This is certainly the highest we've had since the merger. And that's for both freight and transit. So, I think there's good momentum there and I think some of the things I described to you certainly helped, I think, '23, '24 and beyond. So multiyear orders that really help us to continue to build momentum. So that is something very positive we signed in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jerry Revich: Rafael, interesting developments that we've seen in your business over the years has been just the growth in mods and your strong mods market share. Can you just update us on what mod deliveries look like year-over-year in the first quarter? And what's the cadence look like over the balance of the year in light of the recent order strength you've had for Mod specifically? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: So Jerry, double-digit growth this year versus last year into the Mods business. When you look at across the year, I think there is a relative consistency we could have variation just in terms of time of shipment, but double-digit growth. But I think what's more exciting is I think I had mentioned that before on auto costs. I think what we thought would have been a cap in terms of that volume in North America, we see the opportunity here to further expand that business. And internationally, I think some of the momentum continues. And so we see that business with a strong opportunity here to continue to grow moving forward.
Jerry Revich: And then can you talk about the earnings cadence over the course of the year? When do you expect the revenue burn to accelerate given the moving pieces that you spoke about earlier?
John Olin: Hi Jerry, this is John. With regards to the earnings cadence, we came out last quarter and talked about, we expected the first half to be a little bit lighter in terms of revenue growth. And - but heavier in terms of earnings growth, and that would reverse in the back half. And the big difference between the two is what Rafael just talked about, as our equipment grows and it's going to gain momentum through the back half.  I think what we're seeing in the first quarter is very much in line with that overall sequence. And we had a revenue growth of 5.5% and margin growth of 1.4 percentage points. As we look to the back half, we would expect to see a significant revenue growth. However, our overall margin growth is going to be lower on a year-over-year basis than it is in the first half -- I'm sorry, on a year-over-year basis. That's driven, Jerry, by three things: one is the mix shift because of shipping in a much higher percentage of equipment sales; the second is, easier comps were tougher comps in the back half by about 1.5 percentage points; and the other is what Rafael mentioned as well, we'd expect more cost pressure in the back half because of the most recent cost surge that happened in Q1 with the invasion of Ukraine.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Ivan Yi: Yes, good morning. This is Ivan Yi on for Scott Group. First on Russia, I understand you're expecting 0 for Russia this year, but how are you treating this exposure in your multiyear backlog? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: So, with regards to, number one, the business in Russia, we are complying with all sanctions and legal requirements. We are committed, again, to the safe operations of equipment in the region. And we have say to some extent, providing nominal support for this purpose. Given the uncertainty, given the conflict we have removed Russia from our backlog.
Ivan Yi: Thank you. And my follow-up, can you quantify the number or percentage of locomotive on parkings in 1Q? And what are your expectations for second quarter? Thank you. 
Rafael Santana: What I'll tell you there is we continue to see on parking. We're back to numbers that are comparable to the third quarter of 2019. So that's, I think, a good - a positive for the business. Some of those fleets are on part, they've been parked for quite a bit of time, and they demand some level of investments. But I think most importantly, when you look at the fluidity, the velocity and the network, I think the demands for really reliable power and continued investment for our customers in order to continue to improve those metrics. I think that's something that we certainly have, I think, a lot of the solutions for it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Courtney Yakavonis: I hate to belabor Russia, but just a couple of quick follow-ups. I think you had mentioned at the Analyst Day that the majority of the impact was supposed to hit 1Q from Russia. So I just wanted to confirm that, that and so the majority or the rest of the year will be less impacted from that headwind? And then secondly, if you could just comment at all on freight versus transit exposure. And I think you also mentioned that you had removed Russia from the backlog. So just any impact to those - to the segment level backlogs?
John Olin: Hi Courtney, this is John. Courtney, what we had talked about in Investor Day is that, we would be a little bit older shared in the first quarter in terms of earnings expectations. We did not say the majority of our earnings would be in the first quarter. On a full year basis, we had planned for $0.25. In the first quarter, we probably, $0.03 or $0.04 we shipped before the conflict began, but it was just a little bit overweighted versus an even split across all quarters. And the other piece is, yes, Russia is out of the backlog and we took that out during the quarter - this quarter.
Courtney Yakavonis: And then just on share repurchases, I think that was a little bit higher than we were expecting. I think you had a $750 million reauthorization that you had announced and now it's close to halfway done. So just as we think about the pace for the rest of the year any guidance you can give to that? And if that was a key offset as well in maintaining the guidance?
Rafael Santana: That was not a key offset to maintaining the guidance, but we're very pleased to have purchased $300 million. And largely Courtney, it's going back. We came out of what we believe is the trough in 2021. And we feel confident in the future. We want to get off to a good start to the year, and we're able to repurchase 300 million shares.  As we look forward, I think I would go back to what we had said at Investor Day with regards to capital allocation. that we are going to focus on making sure that we have a strong balance sheet. We invest in the business in terms of capital and technology spend, which you saw in the first quarter and the dividend and protecting the dividend. Then from there, we would prioritize and continue to prioritize acquisitions as long as they are strategic and accretive over share repurchases. And finally, barring that any excess cash, I'll come back to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Eli Winski: This is Eli Winski on for Chris. Maybe we can start with the OEM side. We saw that revenues were higher in this quarter than the prior quarters in 2021 and 2020. Could you talk about what the cadence of the growth in that segment might look like given some of the congestion and some of the supply chain issues there.
Rafael Santana: Are you referring to the transit segment?
Eli Winski: I am.
Rafael Santana: Right. What we're seeing as far as transit is overall revenues were down 6.5% and - as we had mentioned, 5.1 percentage points of that is due to currency. The other drag that we had with regards to revenue is about - well, not about a year ago, first quarter, we exited a lot of our UK operations on the service side, so an aftermarket, that was basically our brush product line.  By the time we exited that business, it was the end of the third quarter. And right now, we're lapping those higher revenues from a year ago as we exit that business and that's roughly about the same impact that currency had on our transit business. The third element, obviously is the supply disruptions continue to hit that business a little bit more than others. But excluding those, we would have seen good underlying growth in the transit business.
Eli Winski: And then maybe jumping up to services and the acquisition of Nordco. How is the - how are the expenses coming out of that business now with some of the synergies from that acquisition? It's probably likely that you should be seeing that start to fade off here more now and some of the first quarter, correct?
Rafael Santana: Right. During the acquisition, we had looked to take $10 million of cost out of that business over the next couple of years, and we are tracking with that. I mean that's coming out certainly in operational efficiencies that would hit gross margin as well as a lot of duplicate SG&A expenses are coming out as well. This will be the last quarter that we're lapping that acquisition. And with that, we did see higher SG&A in the quarter, as you'd expect.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead. 
Rob Wertheimer: So I had, I guess, two on transit, one short and one long term. Just short term, just any comments on -- it seems like backlog is progressing pretty well. But on transit customer sentiment on uncertainty in Europe, if that affects anything, perhaps stuff has been delayed and it's pent up. But just any comments on that short-term demand picture around the backlog? And then second, just a more structural question just as you've narrowed focus over the years on transit, what is the feeling on wins, on market share on just how the competitive balance is playing out? And I will stop. Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Yes. I'd say, ridership trends to continue to be uneven across various markets there. We're not seeing any signs of slowdown of the market. And I think to some extent, the current crisis favors rail the energy intensity of rail is a fraction of -- if you were to compare to either passenger cars or well, even trucking into the freight segment. I think the other element I'd mention is certainly Europe, but other parts of the world, the hybrid work model may also increase demand for intercity trains.  So on one side, infrastructure spending continues to be a positive with governments investing in rail. So, you'll see that in the short term. We could continue to see some delay in project execution due to supply chain disruptions. But largely, the fundamentals of the business remain the same, remain strong, consistent of what you might have heard from auto customers and OEMs in that sector.
Rob Wertheimer: And then just any comments on competitive balance if your backlog is growing in line, market shares holding, growing, contracting?
Rafael Santana: I think we have largely been holding market share positions. It, of course, varies product line by product line. I think 1 of the things we made a clear upfront was really working towards the quality of the backlog, which has improved over the last couple of years. And that comes down to also making some of those choices and working in that direction. So, we're continuing to improve those numbers.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Just want to go to digital electronics. Obviously, the shortage is certainly impacting your growth there. Is there any way to quantify what that headwind to growth has been for digital electronics? And then as you look through, obviously, a volatile supply chain environment still. But do we expect those chip shortage start to ease, are you building inventory there? Just any color that can help?
Rafael Santana: Yes. So Allison, two things. I think we've made some decisions last year in terms of while trying anticipate some of this, but the lack of computer chips have had a significant impact for the business in the year. We still expect that business to grow. I think some of the good signs are tied to the double-digit order growth you saw last year.  Some were really multiyear agreements we saw again a strong book-to-bill in the first quarter, which was above two for the business. I think, again, a focus area for our teams to make sure that we continue to drive convertibility into 2022 with additional orders. And I think the other comment, I would make is North America continues to be slow, despite of some of the announcements here with May. But we're continuing to gain momentum internationally. I think there's some significant opportunities tied to PTC adoption internationally and some of the other technologies that we have.
Allison Poliniak: And then just a high-level question. One of the pushbacks we often get with this local in parking and the storage number for the railcars coming in is that it's just being mass or any improvements being masked by the rail service challenges, like that's why we're seeing those numbers. just any high-level color from your perspective, what you're seeing? Is there a real demand behind what's going on? Or does this feel like a temporary surge at this point? Just any thoughts there.
Rafael Santana: Yes. Let me start with what we're saying, and this is broad, and it's more than the North American market. If you think about freight internationally, I think across our key geographies, we see demand are really tied to commodities flow. So think about volume dynamics are positive. If you look at some of the data that we shared in both Kazakhstan and India. I think we have inquiries for new equipment to be delivered in Africa. We have a number of projects under discussion in Australia, in Asia as well as a function of that. Even despite of the volume drop you saw in Brazil, I'd say trends are positive tied to the mid, long term and new concessions.  You mentioned North America. I think we see sequential improvement of unparking of both freight cars and locomotives I think the expectation there is that the investment will continue in terms of customers needing reliable and efficient power to solve through some of the things that we described. And we certainly expect Carlyle to continue to improve throughout the year. So that's maybe just with regards to that part. I think I've made some of the comments on transit. But this is broader than I think North America and I think that goes into some of the comments I made around really the momentum that we saw in the quarter, again, with regards to the growing backlog.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you. Rafael, I think the average content in locomotives, freight locomotives in North America prior to GE might have been around $100,000 range. Can you give us an update on where you see the content opportunity going once there are orders in North America, again, as it relates to diesel locomotives? And then also on the FLXdrive, can you remind us how much of the component content on the FLXdrive is actually from Wabtec legacy versus outside suppliers?
Rafael Santana: Yes. So I'll start with the FLXdrive, which I think as being a new product really provides data opportunities for us to bring the full integration of the suite of products we have and translate that to ultimately value for the customer. So, we have a very significant opportunity of expanding that number there. When you think about, I'll call our -- I'm going to use the word legacy products. We have the opportunity to grow that as well. We've been doing that in the international markets.  Some of that is going to be dependent on sizes of fleets customers are looking at and really making sure that as you introduce some of these components, it comes with scale, it comes with, I'll call the right support from a service capability behind it. And - but you'll see that ultimately reflected on digital opportunities, which will continue to grow here, and you've seen some of the numbers we've highlighted in terms of the momentum in orders for that business?
Matt Elkott: And then one other question on the consolidation front. I think before GE, the rate was two or one to three bolt-on acquisitions per year. Should we expect you guys to ease yourself back into that kind of pace eventually? And can you give us an update on any potential opportunities you're eyeing right now? Is there a pool of potential targets that you're examining? Just anything on the M&A front or the consolidation front would be helpful?
Rafael Santana: I'd say we're continuing to explore acquisitions. We're going to be opportunistic here. It's got to come with the right returns on investments. So. this is not about the number of acquisitions that we do. This is about really value creation and really very consistent with the capital allocation framework that we shared with you guys during Investor Day.
John Olin: Right. Matt, I think we've got a very robust process looking at the opportunities. And again, it's not one to three or how many, it's the quality, how accretive they are and how on strategy they are? I think Nordco, which we did about a year ago at this time is a great example of the value that we can drive through our M&A activity. And more recently, we just had one with Beena Vision and certainly MASU at the end of the year. So, we feel very good about where we're at, as well as our pipeline as we look forward. And it certainly is a priority for the company to continue to do accretive M&A transactions.
Matt Elkott: Is it safe to assume that freight is the priority when it comes to evaluating M&A?
Rafael Santana: I think the priority is to find good quality, accretive deals that we can grow beyond what the previous owner was able to do to drive overall value for the company.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: I'd like to thank everybody for your participation today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you. Goodbye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-16 13:10:07) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Wabtec's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.  After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.  Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec's Fourth Quarter, 2021, Earnings Call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana, CFO, John Olin, and Senior Vice President Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties, and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please, see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 4 then I'll start with an update on our business, my perspectives on the quarter, and our long-term value framework. John will then cover the financials. Overall, we achieved significant progress against our strategy and delivered a strong fourth quarter as noted by the expansion of adjusted margins by 2.1 percentage points and adjusted earnings per share increase of over 20%. Total cash flow from operations was strong at $314 million. This takes year-to-date cash from operations to over $1 billion, up 37% versus last year, which was a record for the company. This is a solid illustration that the team continues to drive strong operational performance and quality earnings. Cash conversion for the quarter was set 99%. Finally, we ended the year with over $22 billion of multiyear backlog, which was up $578 million in 2021. Overall, our team delivered really strong execution to finish of the year despite significant supply chain disruption and rising costs. On the back of this strong performance and our confidence about the future, I am pleased to announce that our Board of Directors approved a 25% increase in the quarterly dividend and reauthorized a $750 million share buyback program. Shifting our focus to Slide 5, let's talk about our end-market conditions in more details. Internationally, freight activity continued to grow in the fourth quarter across our major markets, and our order pipeline remains strong. We expect long-term revenue growth in the majority of our end markets. Freight trends in North America were down year-over-year in the fourth quarter. This was not driven by lack of demand, but largely by ongoing global supply chain disruptions. Locomotive parkings continued to decline despite weaker Freight traffic in the quarter. Throughout the year, the advancements we have made in reliability, efficiency, and safety continue to drive manageable outcomes across our customers operations. Last year, our fleet of locomotives traveled more than 1.5 billion miles in some of the world's harshest conditions. Looking ahead, we expect demand for reliability, productivity, and fuel efficiency to continue to increase placing our service's business and Amortization portfolio in a position of strength. When it comes to the North America railcar builds, demand for railcar is increasing. Railcars in storage are below pre-COVID levels with about 19% of the North American fleet car in storage. As a result, industry orders for new railcars are continuing to improve. The industry, delivered just over 29,000 railcars in 21 and the outlook for 2022 is for over 40,000 cars. Transitioning to the transit sector, ridership trends continue to be uneven in various markets. However, infrastructure spending for green initiatives continue to be a bright spot, especially as governments globally invest in rail for clean, safe and efficient transportation. Overall, the long-term market drivers for passenger transport remains strong. Next, let's turn to Slide 6 to discuss some recent winds that are providing good momentum and visibility as we enter into 2022. Let's start with the shift to battery-electric. In recent weeks, Union Pacific announced an agreement to buy FLXDrive locomotives. This comes on the heels of auto-strategic commitments from international customers in Canada and in Australia, all of which will leverage this next-generation technology to increase productivity, reduce fuel, and slash emissions across their operations. And in transits, Wabtec was named a founding member of Europe's rail joint undertaking, which is investing nearly 1.2 billion euros to fund Green rail projects. These are government labs  projects focused on automation, digitization, and network optimization. The areas where we can help drive innovation and technology adoption across the rail sector. I'd also highlight during the quarter in freight services, we won a significant international long-term service contract, as well as orders for international locomotive modernizations. Overall, the modernization backlog remains strong. Throughout the fourth quarter, we delivered a record number of mods, marking a significant milestone for the team. We also won strategic digital contracts in North America to upgrade PTC hardware, along with an order for smart HBT at a Class 1 to help our customers improve asset utilization, driving fuel efficiency and reducing emissions. Looking forward, our backlog gives us the confidence that we will drive long-term profitable growth and leads stay industry in advancing its position in sustainable rail even further. I'll  the call here over to John to review the quarter segment performance and our overall financial position. John.
John Mastalerz: Thanks, Rafael. And good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 7, I'll review our fourth quarter results in more detail. We had another good quarter of operational and financial performance. Sales for the fourth quarter were $2.07 billion, which reflects a 2.4% increase versus the prior year. Sales were positively impacted by the continued broad recovery we are experiencing across our portfolio, recent pricing and the acquisition of Nordco, partially offset by continued weakness in the North America OE locomotive market, lower year-over-year sales and transit, and unfavorable foreign currency exchange. In addition, we continue to experience adverse impacts to our sales results in both segments due to shortages across many component parts, including computer chips, which caused delays in production and customer delivery. We estimate that our enterprise revenues were 3% to 4% lower than they would have been without the supply chain disruptions, and that the majority of these lower revenues represent delayed sales versus lost sales. For the quarter, adjusted operating income was $334 million, which was up 18.0% versus the prior year. Most notably, we delivered margin expansion in both of our segments up 2.1 percentage points on a consolidated basis. Margins were aided by strong mix favorability, realization of synergies, and improved productivity. The team achieved margin expansion across both segments even in the face of a highly disrupted supply chain and a challenging inflationary environment. We estimate that cost headwinds adversely impacted operating margins by $20 million to $25 million during the quarter. In the fourth quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share were a $1.18, up 20.4% versus prior year. GAAP earnings per diluted share were a $1.02, which was up 122% versus the fourth quarter a year ago. In addition to growth in operating margins, GAAP earnings benefited from a significantly lower tax rate. The fourth quarter, 2021, GAAP tax rate of 17.4% was 9.2% points lower than fourth quarter of 2020. This decline in tax rate was due to an election, which accelerated deferred tax benefits from our merger with GE Transportation. GE Transportation. This favorable tax benefit of $25 million is considered one-time in nature, and therefore not included in our adjusted effective tax rate. As Rafael noted, we are pleased with our Q4 results, in particular our sales growth in the phase of supply chain disruptions and our margin growth in the face of continued cost increases. We remain diligent and proactive as we work to minimize these challenges. Turning to Slide 8, let's review our product lines in more detail. Fourth-quarter consolidated sales were up versus last year, driven by higher sales in the freight segment, partially offset by lower transit segment sales. Fourth quarter sales were adversely impacted by foreign currency exchange of 0.8%, and supply chain disruption of 3% to 4%. Equipment sales were down 12.9% year-over-year due to fewer locomotive deliveries this quarter versus last year, and no new locomotive deliveries in North America, partially offset by continued strong mining sales. Component sales continued to show recovery and were up 11.8% year-over-year driven by demand for railcar components and recovery in the industrial end-markets. We remain encouraged by the continuing trend of railcars coming out of storage and higher deliveries of new railcars. In line with an improving outlook for rail, our services sales grew 21.2% versus last year. The year-over-year increase was largely driven from a record quarter of mods deliveries the unparking of locomotives, and the acquisition of Nordco. The superior performance, reliability, and availability of our fleet continues to drive customer demand, as railroads increasingly look for predictable outcomes across their fleet. Excluding Nordco, organic sales for the fourth quarter we're up 10.1%. Digital electronics sales were up 1.8% versus prior year, driven by improved demand for onboard locomotive products, largely offset by ongoing shortages of chips. Notably, our backlog in digital continues to increase. And even more importantly, we continue to see a significant pipeline of opportunities in our digital electronics product line as customers globally focused on safety, improved productivity, and increased capacity utilization. Across our Transit segment, sales decreased 5.4% versus prior year to $648 million. Sales were down versus last year due to supply chain issues, COVID-related disruptions, and the negative impacts of foreign currency exchange, which adversely impacted revenues by 2.1 percentage points, excluding near-term supply chain challenges. We estimate that transit sales would have been up on a year-over-year basis. We believe the medium and long-term outlook for this segment remains positive as infrastructure spendings for Green initiatives continue. Now, moving to Slide 9, our adjusted gross margin expanded 5.7 percentage points to 31.7% driven by strong product mix. Increased pricing and favorable manufacturing costs, partially offset by higher raw material costs and unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Mix and pricing positively impacted our margins. Mix benefited margins as Services sales outpaced our Equipment and Transit sales. Additionally, higher pricing was realized from price escalations incorporated into many of our long-term contracts, along with other price actions that were implemented to recover increased costs. Raw material costs were up significantly, led by dramatically higher metals costs, including steel, aluminum, copper, and increased transportation and fuel costs. Foreign currency exchange adversely impacted revenues by 0.8% and adversely impacted fourth-quarter gross margins by $5 million. Finally, manufacturing costs were positively impacted by realization of synergies and productivity gains, partially offset by exponentially higher transportation and logistic costs. Container costs continue to be significantly higher than last year. In aggregate, the continuing effects of the supply chain disruptions, higher materials, transportation and logistic, and labor costs are estimated to be $20 million to $25 million higher than last year's fourth quarter. Our team continues to work hard to mitigate the impact of these cost pressures and supply chain disruptions by: triggering price escalation clauses that are included in many of our long-term contracts. Implementing price surcharges and driving operational productivity and lean initiatives. Turning to Slide 10, for the fourth quarter, adjusted operating margin expanded 2.1 percentage points versus last year, driven by higher adjusted gross margin but partially offset by higher SG&A and engineering expenses. Adjusted SG&A was $271 million, which was up $65 million from the prior year due to the normalization of certain expenses, higher incentive compensation, and employee benefit costs, and the acquisition of Nordco. GAAP SG&A includes a net benefit of $7 million primarily of sales of a closed manufacturing facility. Engineering expense increased from last year. We continue to invest engineering resources in current business opportunities, but more importantly, we are investing in our future as an industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve our customer's safety, productivity, and capacity utilization. Now, let's take a look at the segment results on Slide 11, starting with the Freight segment. As I already discussed, Freight segment sales improved for the quarter, and segment adjusted operating income was $267 million for the adjusted margin of 18.7% up 2.4 percentage points versus the prior year. The benefits of improved productivity, realization of synergies, and mix across our portfolio were partially offset by higher net input costs. Finally, segment backlog was $18.5 billion, up $615 million from the end of last year due to the broad multi-year order momentum that Rafael discussed earlier. This year's backlog growth was driven by an unusually high number of long-term service contracts. Looking forward, we expect our service long-term orders to normalize in 2022. Turning to Slide 12, transit segment sales were down 5.4%, driven by supply chain disruptions and the negative effects of foreign currency exchange. Adjusted segment operating income was up $11 million to $88 million, which resulted in an adjusted operating margin of 13.6%, up a strong 2.3 percentage points versus the prior year, and up 1.1 percentage points for the full year. Across the segment, we continued to drive down cost and improve project execution despite the volatile environment. Finally, transit segment backlog for the quarter was $3.67 billion, down slightly versus a year ago. Adjusting for the negative effect of foreign currency exchange, backlog would have been up 3.6%. Now, let's turn to our financial position on Slide 13. We had another strong quarter of cash generation. We generated $314 million of operating cash flow during the quarter, bringing full-year cash flow generated to over $1.07 billion, which as Rafael noted, is a record high for the company. This performance clearly demonstrates the quality of our earnings and our business portfolio. During the quarter, total Capex was $52 million, bringing total year Capex to $130 million. Our adjusted net leverage ratio at the end of the fourth quarter declined to 2.5 times, and our liquidity is robust at 1.67 billion. Also during the quarter, we returned more cash to our shareholders, repurchasing an additional a $100 million of shares, bringing the full year share repurchases to $300 million and paid dividends of $92 million. As you can see in these results, our balance sheet continues to strengthen and we are confident that we can continue to drive solid cash generation, giving us liquidity and flexibility to allocate capital toward the highest return opportunities and to grow shareholder value. Moving to Slide 14, quickly recapping the year, overall, the team delivered a very strong year for all our stakeholders. Despite challenging dynamics, we drove revenue growth, expanded our operating margins across both segments, and generated robust cash flow. The strong execution provides us a solid foundation and good momentum as we enter into 2022. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Let's flip to Slide 15 to discuss our 2022 financial guidance. We believe that there are underlying customer demand for our products and the end market momentum remains strong across our product lines, and our backlog continues to provide visibility into 2022 and beyond. North American freight markets are expected to show growth despite another year of zero locomotive deliveries in North America. Our international pipeline remains strong in order momentum continues to build. International markets continue to be the bright spot, and we expect overall locomotive deliveries to be significantly higher versus 2021. We expect strong growth in equipment in 2022, which will create negative mix for us during the year. When it comes to North American builds, railcars are coming back into use, and we expect railcar deliveries to increase. Our service business continues to benefit from demand for reliable, efficient, and available power, driving the need to modernize and refresh fleets along with the continued unparking of locomotives. In Digital Electronics, our growing backlog of orders supports a return to growth in 2022. Now, on transitioning to Transit, we expect growth as ridership continues to recover and the infrastructure spending increases as governments invest and clean, safe, and efficient means of transport. We are committed to driving adjusted margin expansion in 2022, despite headwinds from supply chain disruptions of unfavorable mix and still challenging cost environment with higher investments in technology. The team is committed to driving strong top line growth while aggressively managing costs; with these factors in mind, we expect sales of $8.3 billion to $8.6 billion and adjusted EPS to be between $4.65 and $5.05 per share. We expect cash flow conversion to be greater than 90%. Now, let's turn to our next slide. Our teams remain committed to delivering long-term profitable growth. Our strategy is built on our significant stall base and deep industry expertise grounded in innovation, breakthrough initiatives and scalable technologies that drive value for our customers. These efforts we will continue to be accelerated by our lean and continuous improvement culture and disciplined capital allocation. I'm proud of the strong execution by the team in the fourth quarter despite a challenging environment. You are seeing their efforts in the strength of the company, our 2021 financial results, and our 2022 guidance. As we go forward, the rail sector is well positioned to increase share and address the critical issues facing the world's freight and logistics sector. We will continue to lean into the strong fundamentals of this industry in our company to deliver long-term profitable growth. As we said before, Wabtec's mission holds a larger purpose, to move and improve the world. And after demonstrating strong performance in 2021, I'm confident, that this company will continue to deliver and lead the transition to a more sustainable future. With that, I will turn the call back over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. Before we begin Q&A, I'd also like to remind everyone we will be holding our Virtual Investor Day on March ninth, beginning at 8 a.m. Eastern Time. During that discussion, we look forward to sharing more details on our long-term growth strategy and financial outlook. A detailed agenda will be released shortly. We will now move to questions. Out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. . Again, please limit yourself to 1 question and 1 follow-up. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. The first question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. If you could just give us a little bit more detail on your thoughts for 2022. Appreciate the sales guidance, but if you can give us any thoughts on how the growth rates to compare on freight versus transit. And then, you talked about some negative mix and cost headwinds through the year, but if you can comment at all on the first half versus second half margins or incrementals since many of your peers are talking about a worst first half and specifically first quarter versus second half, just helpful for us to frame the cadence through the year.
Rafael Santana: Hi Courtney, thanks for the question. Let me start with top-line growth at 8%. When we think about 22 we have stronger coverage than we had last year, so that's a positive. We're continuing to invest in the business with engineering up as a percent of sales. We liked the momentum on how we were progressing with the deal pipeline. We do have headwinds from inflation, we are going very much through a transition in terms of costs coming in, while our teams are working on both elements of pricing, but also continue to manage costs. I think mix is relevant elements, especially with equipment s really growing at a faster rate than the rest of the company. Our teams are focused on driving what I call profitable growth into 22 and beyond. And with EPS growing up double-digits, you asked a little bit about the dynamics between first half of the year and second half of the year. We would say revenues relatively similar to what you saw last year with maybe a couple of points higher in the second half of the year. Profitability on the other way around, you should think about profitability a bit higher in the first half of the year versus the second half, and that's really driven by, again, the mix as we have deliveries of what I call new locomotives into the second half of the year.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then, I think you've mentioned a couple of times about your record  deliveries this year. And if you can comment on your thoughts for , you'd also mentioned services should grow next year, but just how much visibility you have there and how we should be thinking about that specific driver within freight?
Rafael Santana: Reporting a strong  results on that side. We had also, I think very strong orders last year. And those are multiyear orders, I think in the fourth-quarter in specific. We're continue to pick up momentum internationally on that, which I think provides a significant opportunity for us to continue grow so that business line is growing in 22 and we see the opportunity to continue to grow beyond that. There's just a significant opportunity for us to modernize units really drive a lot of the technology that we've developed with fuel and now automation and demand is  there.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thanks
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please, go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks. And good morning.
Rafael Santana: Morning.
Justin Long: I wanted to circle back to the supply chain impact. I know you've called that out the last couple of quarters in terms of how it's impacted revenue. It sounds like at some point there will be a catch-up. I think, John, you said some of those -- some of that revenue was delayed, not lost. So I'm curious if you could give us a little bit more color on what's getting baked into the 2022 guidance in terms of the supply chain, headwind, and maybe a catch-up at some point.
John Mastalerz: Thanks, Justin. Yes, we've discussed and taking it back to the third quarter. We certainly had a drag on revenue because of the supply chain disruptions of three to four. And I am sorry, in two to three percentage points. And that increased in the fourth quarter. As we look forward into next year, we've incorporated a catch up into the guidance that we have and would look that to be hopefully over the next couple of quarters. It's very difficult to tell. We see parts of the supply chain improving and other parts getting a little bit worse. So -- and it's kind of spread out beyond just the material piece, the labor with Omicron. So we expect there will be some impact on certainly in the first quarter. And we'll just have to see how things work out over the next few quarters.
Rafael Santana: Justin, I would like to add the following. I mean, just in the fourth quarter and just transitioning here between fourth quarter and first, we saw record absenteeism in the business, something we hadn't seen before. And well, needless to say, some of the continuation of some of the supply delays. But that has ultimately just delayed revenues and in that case for the fourth quarter was over $70 million. Where with BOP fast got peak and we have a strong team who's executed well, and we're seeing that coming through in the first quarter.
Justin Long: Okay. So maybe just to clarify, if I run the math on the third and fourth quarter, it looks like the revenue headwind was somewhere in the range of $100 million to $140 million, and your guidance is, assuming that you catch up, that revenue here in the first half, but maybe with some offset in the first quarter from headwinds.
John Mastalerz: Justin, that's necessarily additive. It affected us in the third quarter, took revenue down in the fourth quarter as we exited. A way to look at it more is it was three to four percentage points at the midpoint. That's around $72 million. So we're looking year-over-year, not sequentially from quarter-to-quarter. So we would expect to pick up a fair portion of the majority of that $72 million that we believe we were short at the end of the year.
Justin Long: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And then from a cost perspective, you called out the $20 million to $25 million of increased costs here in the fourth quarter, I'm assuming that's a gross number. Can you maybe talk about how that number trends going into 2022 and maybe what that net number looks like when you include some of that mitigating actions?
John Mastalerz: Sure. Justin. Let's take the two pieces and start with the gross cost. And you're absolutely right, the $20 million to $30 million is a gross cost or $20 million to $25 million is a gross cost. And again, let me take you back to the third quarter, at the time this all started. And we had higher costs, which were predominantly on the transportation side, but called out the fact that coming behind that on the material side was a lot of costs that were getting caught up in inventory, and that they would release over time. And at that time, we had $15 million to $20 million of costs. We said it would rise, and indeed it did in the fourth quarter, it grew to 20-25. we also saw that piece come in behind us, an inventory grow, which we expected. So as we look forward, Justin, we would expect cost to continue to grow over the next few quarters, certainly in the first half of the year. And as you pointed out, there's 2 sides of this equation, and so that takes us to the other side and the cost recovery or the pricing side of it. Again, taking you back to the third quarter, at that time we said about half of the higher costs of $15 million to $20 million we're being recaptured in terms of pricing. We also talked a little bit about our uniqueness in that the majority of our revenues are tied up and long-term contracts and they have price escalators in them. So we feel very confident that pricing will come, these have been in contracts for decades and  tried and true, but they will come over a period of time and they typically, while some are monthly and most of them are annual, and they'll tick at the anniversary dates and that'll happen throughout the fourth quarter s after the third quarter or throughout the next year. And what we saw in the fourth quarter is exactly, what we would have expected is that price recovery has increased from the 50% into the fourth quarter, and we will expect to see that to continue to increase over the next few quarters as we lapped those anniversary dates and supply  area in our contracts with our customers.
Justin Long: Okay. So gross costs probably go up sequentially in the first quarter, but do you think net costs go down?
John Mastalerz: Gross costs will certainly go up in the first quarter, and we'll also see the pricing go up. Not saying anything about the net costs.
Justin Long: Okay.
John Mastalerz: The timing of what comes through this is just a little bit harder to tell because the timing of what comes through the balance sheet or off of inventory.
Justin Long: Got it. I appreciate the time. Thanks.
John Mastalerz: Thank you, Justin.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Rafael, can you expand on your comments on the battery electric locomotive order trend? Sounds like you're getting test units in place. I am wondering, can you just quantify the orders that you've seen to date and what level of order opportunities do you see for those products over the course of this year?
Rafael Santana: Jerry, I think strong progress here we're considering to work closely with customers. And this is an area we're a leader and we will continue to be in that space. We're continuing to adapt dialogues with a number of orders announced now, more recently in North America. But we've had orders in Canada and Australia. There's a conversations are continuing with customers in other geographies. So the pipeline, it's continued to build up and we are confident about that when you think about the deliveries here, they are mostly into the 24-time frame, and that's when you're going to be seeing more of that. With that, I mean, we're excited to see some of the evolution on the technologies and a lot of the elements of what we consider today in terms of power density, in terms of what's possible, we see growth in that power density. And combining that with really the digital portfolio we have, we still like we're uniquely positioned to really do energy management and drive significant value for customers in terms of the results they get from this technology.
Jerry Revich: And Raphael just order of magnitude you've had initial orders. Are you thinking in the tens range? Are we talking about potential hundreds of orders in 2022 or can you just frame for us just order of magnitude, please?
Rafael Santana: Yes. I think if you look at the announcements is about 20 at this point, but I think a lot of it is tied to customer testing that technology into their specific operations. Jerry, we're not going to be commenting on specific numbers around these orders, but we're picking up. If you think about when we really started to talk about this, this is reality. It's got application in a variety of areas for customers and will ultimately help them drive, not just the fuel expense down that will ultimately also help down meet decarbonization goals, which most of them have put out there.
Jerry Revich: Okay. I appreciate the discussion. Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please, go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Rafael Santana: Morning.
Scott Group: Just want to follow-up on a couple of things. Rafael, your comments about first half versus second half, the year-over-year -- was that a year-over-year comment about a better year-over-year earnings growth in first half than the second half and better year-over-year revenue growth in the second half and first half?
Rafael Santana: Yes, it was a comparison between first half and second half, Justin. Sorry, Scott.
Scott Group: But you're talking year-over-year, correct?
Rafael Santana: Yes.
Scott Group: Okay. Great. And then I guess I want -- John, you had a comment about something unusual in the backlog. If you could just -- I wasn't sure what you meant. And then Rafael, you were talking about a big increase in international Locos. Can we just put some directional numbers on where international Locos were last year, where you think they're going to be this year?
John Mastalerz: Okay. Scott, so within the prepared remarks, we talked a little bit about the backlog. We're very pleased overall with the growth that we're seeing. Just wanted to point out that in 2021 we had a strong level of orders coming in on -- pretty long-term multiyear orders on the service side. And while we expect backlog to continue to grow into the future, we will see a little bit of normalization in some of those long-term contracts. We picked up a lot of them from some of our largest carriers in 2021.
Rafael Santana: Scott, let me add the following. When you look at how it we finished last year, 12-month backlog growing double-digits. But really, I think what's most informing here is providing higher conversion into 22 versus swat we had a year ago. So stepping into the OMIX of the guidance we've provided we certainly have higher cost assets based on that backlog conversion that we have moving forward. We talked about equipment growth off which it's really tied to international locomotive orders, largely concentrated in the second half of the year, especially in the fourth quarter. And those were the comments that I made earlier associated with mix in the elements of higher margins in the first half of 22 versus second half of 22.
Scott Group: And then, just so -- if it's -- if there's a lot in fourth quarter, should we think that there's going to be good momentum on international going into 23?
Rafael Santana: Scott, certainly. What we're continuing to work is on building on that momentum. I talked about a strong pipeline there, so it's all about convertibility, making sure we continue to drive convertibility. But as I look across the various geographies, the momentum is there, so it's not a single geography, it's really -- I'll call a number of different elements driving that discussion with customers.
Scott Group: Thank you, guys, appreciate it.
Rafael Santana: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks. It seems like you had really solid progress on FLXDrive during the quarter, just a quick question on that, does that -- when you'd see those orders and I know it's early. Do they tend to drag in orders for other power units? I know it's a system that could probably operate a lot of equipment ages, but nonetheless, they tend to into that potential in the dragging other locals with it. And then just one other one if I may just put both line at once. Any comments on trends that demand Transit systems across U.S. and Europe, how they're doing with maintenance versus schedule if there's any come back demand in the coming years? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Sure. Thanks.  battery electric first, I think customers are really taking those units into operation to really fast on their own realities. Some of these customers we having parallel discussions in terms of increased demand and demand for new locomotives. And that's a reality and a variety of geographies that are traditional to us and that's where I also, I based some of my comments on strong pipeline route. If I think about Kazakhstan, Australia, or Brazil, I think that's part of the dialogue on transit and transit guidance in specific. We expect offline  more into low single-digits for this year, and the team is really committed to continue to drive profitable growth in the Transit business. As we continue to work there, I think we continue to have opportunities to invest overall, while making what I'll call Wabtec businesses more efficient, and a big chunk of that is -- really we're looking at our footprints. And with that being said, we are continuing to work to do the dynamics of what John highlighted earlier, pricing, inflation and supply chain disruptions. So you could see some variation quarter to quarter, but we see really progress in 22 driving profitable growth.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. I want to stay on that Transit topic in terms of margin. The margin performance was incredibly strong, kind of what we would view that the prior peak to be. I guess one is a sort of a new step-up for there is just one of those businesses again, some similar to Freight that the equipment growth that you would anticipate in the coming years, given that the funding could be a headwind from mix perspective as we think of Transit. Just trying to think of that business going forward.
John Mastalerz: Hi, Allison, this is John. Yes. Number 1, we're very pleased with the fourth quarter margin results, which were up 2.3 percentage points. But beyond that, they were up on 1.1 points on a full-year basis. And if you go back the last four years, we've been up about 400 basis points. So we're -- we couldn't be more pleased with what we're seeing from the Transit group. But I'm zeroing in on your question, Allison, and the fourth quarter, the margin was driven by three areas. Number 1 was mix within transit with strong, now this can go both ways. So I wouldn't say that that is structural, but it did benefit us in the quarter. The other two are: the second area, and we talked about this in the third quarter is and it has been a focus of transit for the last couple of years, is really working on more profitable contracts. And each quarter that goes by, we're seeing that take hold and we're seeing it reflected in our margins. And we do believe that is certainly structural going forward. And then the other piece of course, which is also that way, is they're focused on productivity and integration. They've done an absolutely fantastic job of driving productivity, whether it has been continuous improvement on the day-to-day things, or integrating within the transit organization and integration with the broader Wabtec company. So, very pleased with that, and we expect them to continue to drive their mergence forward in the future.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. Thank you. That's helpful. I just want to go back to free to  beat this up, but I know the sales and equipment going to increase and that's certainly a positive thing in the back half of the year. Is there a way to think about the next headwind within the back half and then also obviously free the backlog and certainly improved. Is there some mix element there that we should be thinking of? I know the contracts and mods have increased as well, just trying to balance out equipment versus some of the other businesses that are improving as well.
John Mastalerz: Allison, this is John, I'll take the question on the Freight mix in 2022. So it is going to be a bit of a drag on overall margin growth, but I wouldn't call it a headwind as such. Any time that we can put an install base out there that's going to be for the next 20 or 30 years, to me, is a tremendous positive. And we will sell year-over-year, a big increase as we believe we hit the trough in locomotive sales in 2021 of locomotives as well as mining Equipment. So with that, the fact is, is that while Freight, I'm sorry, Equipment, has on strong margins. They're in the lower side of the five groups that we have, and they will grow a fair amount faster than the rest of the groups in 2022, as Rafael pointed out, particularly in the back half. And so that  will be a headwind with regards to margins, but we will have those assets out there. We'll continue to service and modernize and put Digital Equipment as well as a component replacement parts. So we feel great about that mix unfavorability going into 2022.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then just the backlog , are we thinking of a similar situation where that equipment backlog is increasing so that mix will -- to your point, it's good growth longer term. From a margin perspective, a drag on margins as we sort of look out into the back half and into 23 based on the backlog today?
John Mastalerz: Kind of going back to the previous comment, as we launched from 2021, we took on a lot of long-term service contracts in that mix, so those -- we feel very good about the profitability going forward. And we also increased our mix of international -- or of our local motive orders that we'll see being delivered next year. So I would say that the margin that we're seeing, as we exit the year in terms of overall margin is pretty balanced.
Rafael Santana: I think there's an element here to be considered just on quarter-over-quarter and specific variations, you might have there. But the dynamics as you've heard are very favorable in terms of the amount for mods. I think digital, also I think really turn it into a good old story coming to the year and as we progress forward.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Hester with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, good morning, Raphael and John.
Rafael Santana: Morning.
Ken Hoexter: You have a pretty big range in terms of the EPS. Just talk about your assumptions on the upside-downside, is that mix and impacts on cost? And in the past within that, you had 100 basis point margin improvement target for each segment. Does that still hold for 22 or not necessarily given some of the margin variations? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Let me start and I'll let John complement here. Number one, I think the range is very consistent with what we've done for the past years. So I'll just start there. The second thing I would want to highlight is we continue our focus on really driving profitability forward. It's about driving profitable growth in 22 and beyond, and I speak on both the segments as well. I mean, we are going through a transition here, as I described, there could be variation quarter-to-quarter, but this is really what we're going after.
John Mastalerz: Yes. Ken. When we look at our EPS guidance of 465 to 55 with a midpoint of 485 represents 14% year-over-year growth on a midpoint of 8% volume growth, we feel very good about the construct of our, of our P&L and the leverage that we'll get as we cascade down through it. When you look at the core drivers of that is on the positive side, is that the productivity and synergies that we expect which we feel very good about. Also the absorption, the fixed cost absorption that will be a tailwind to us in 2022. Those being somewhat offset by the costs that we talked about. So until we get to price cost equilibrium, there will be a headwind on our costs, largely in the first half and then the mix piece, which will be somewhat of a headwind, but a very positive in terms of why that's happening. SG&A, as we talked about, will be lower as a percent of revenue and will continue to invest in technology. And that takes us on to the P&L. We feel very good about the range that we have and we certainly feel good about 2022.
Ken Hoexter: Just to clarify, though, John, then the past 100 basis point margin was for last year, right? It's not -- it continued a 100 basis points on each segment or is that -- was that multiyear in terms of each segment?
John Mastalerz: No, no. That was last year.
Ken Hoexter: Okay.
John Mastalerz: Achieved that. We got 9/10 out of Freight and 1.1 points of margin growth out of Transit. Now, when we look to 2022, what we do expect, Ken, is that operating margin percent will be up on a year-over-year basis. But we're not calling a percent.
Ken Hoexter: Perfect. Thanks for that. And then just to go back to the FLXDrive for a second, Raphael, is there -- when you start thinking about the testing of this, how long till you start thinking this starts getting mass deliveries in terms of really getting implemented and driving obviously. As you mentioned, every company seems to be talking about ESG and the benefits and really counting on the locomotive to get to their multi-year target. Maybe talk us through the progress of from electric and then maybe eventually  whatever the next steps are to get the pulling capacity on over the road type of next-gen locomotives.
Rafael Santana: Let me start with the battery electric, which we're happy with really the testing that we did of the technology we gives us the confidence to move forward with customers here, and ultimately work on a product that really solves for them in terms of the reliability expectations and driving a lot of the value that you described in terms of not just feel de - carbonization ultimately, better operating ratio, but we are working with customers on a variety of solutions. I'm glad you touched alternative fuels, which is a significant element of that. One of the things that we are certainly proud just when you look at the engines that equip our locomotives there, they tend to be at least 4 to 6 points more efficient than the competitor's locomotives, so I'll just start there. But that's at the engine level. When you go to the locomotive level you step it up another one to two points. And by the time you add, really the digital portfolio we have, you are really getting to a double-digit arena here and that scenario, we will continue to step up. And if you think about biofuels and you just stop urge on the top of that. The opportunity to make sure that ultimately, you're driving decarbonization and most efficient way. So we feel strong about these elements and they were belts really over time and we continue to really invest and continuing to find solutions to upgrade installed base and stay ahead of the game here. There are other alternative technologies that are being looked at. I think we talked last year about hydrogen and fuel cell technology, things that we're doing in partnerships. There is really a number of things that we're looking at it. We're working very closely with customers ultimately through that process. Some of this will play longer term as we have described in the fuel cell side. And there's a lot to be validated there. But in terms of alternative fuels, we think that could play shorter-term and with feel strong about well, leading on that front as well.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Thanks, Rafael. Thanks, John. Appreciate the insight.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
James Turley: Hey Guys. James on for Chris. Wanted to ask about services revenue within freight, seems to have stepped up in the quarter. Just wanted to know how much of that was essentially a new rate -- runrate, seasonal or just basically at catch-up from 3Q and just trying to figure out how we should think about that going into 22?
John Mastalerz: James, this is John. The Services revenue was up 21.2% in the quarter. If you take away Nordco, we were up 10.1%, and that's really what we've been running on largely throughout the year. And had a good year and we expect growth momentum to continue into 2022 in our services group.
James Turley: Got it. And then if we're also just thinking about the unparkings going into 22 as well, could you just -- what have you seen year-to-date. And is there a certain level of improvement in locomotive unparkings that you've built into the guidance throughout the year?
Rafael Santana: I think when we looked at the last six months, we've seen on parking to continued. When you look at the specific dynamics on the first quarter here, I think certainly the latter conditions have been really quite disruptive. So that actually has also driven what I'll call demand for the services business. As our customers are investing on that fleets. And if you think about the elements of how the network has slowed down that will allow so -- that be an element of potentially driving on parkings here and more freight cars online. So positive from that perspective.
James Turley: Got it. And then just a smaller one. Just wanted to understand if you could, how you're thinking about the buyback in terms of the time frame, and I think there's a benefit from other income in the quarter, just understanding how to think about that going into 22. Thank you.
John Mastalerz: Yeah. We couldn't be more thrilled. The board had two approvals in the recent board meeting. One is to up the dividend by 25% and the other is reauthorizing $750 million of share repurchases. The other thing I'm happy to point out is that in the back half of the year, we purchased $300 million. We don't provide guidance going forward on what our share repurchases are, but when we look at the overall capital allocation opportunities that we have, we kind of waterfall that from making sure that we build our balance sheet and strengthen that, protect the dividend and invest in our business. And Raphael just talked about that and some of the technology investments that we're making. Then with the cash that's left over from that. We're largely looking at what opportunities there are M&A activity for accretive strategic bolt-on type M&A work. At the end of the day, when there's excess cash, we are committed to returning that to our shareholders through share repurchases.
Rafael Santana: I'll just emphasize that we're really committed to drive the higher return on investment to our shareholders. And  we're committed to certainly investment-grade and continue to work the discipline that you've seen from us through that process.
James Turley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you. Rafael, just to follow up on your discussion of the different new technologies on locomotives earlier. Were you suggesting that all these battery electric hydrogen biodiesel RMG can co-exist in the network long term or do you think that the industry will have to call a less behind one or two technologies?
Rafael Santana: So I -- a couple comments there. Number 1, I'll start with just the elements of modernizing the fleets. I think that's 1 of the things that our customers look at that it's probably top in mind. And so that's to a large extent tied not just to the mods business, but it's also tied to investment in Tier 4 and the newest technology that we have there. If you were to ask me what to second on that, I think alternative fuel specifically with biofuels, that's not a key element and that  is very little, I'll call limited the change in terms of how they operate in that context. And as I got a highlight here, the elements of what we got in the digital portfolio, which has continued to equip those fleets with those capabilities that will drive significant, I'll call fuel reduction and ultimately good outcomes for the customers. When I think about the next technology, I think battery is something that's really being tested. I think there is the opportunity here to have a real application of that in terms of certain routes and specific customers, when you talk about mixing, all of that, I think there's a significant degree of sensitiveness around mixing different technologies and different fuels because that would churn into a significant challenge. So ultimately, I think you're going to see evolutionary progress here. There could be an element of hybrid locomotives. Then as you step in to some of this new technologies, I think what's most important is the leadership role we've had on testing those in working them with customers, but there could be an element of some of these being adopted faster with some customers that might have a more simplified logistics than we have in North America, for instance.
Matt Elkott: Got it. You're suggesting that there will be experimentation with different technologies in the near-to-intermediate term, and maybe we'll have a number of bridge technologies that will take us to a more unified system in the long-term we're talking here like a decade or longer.
Rafael Santana: You got it, I think it's going to be more evolutionary as we look into the next couple of years, before you get to really a transformational .
Matt Elkott: Got it. And then my follow-up to that is, what do you think this will do? How do you think this kind of fluid and uncertain future as far as new technologies will do to the Class 1 mindset as far as ordering locomotives? Is it going to limit their orders to just basic replacement demand when they absolutely have to, because no one really knows what the locomotive in the future is? And then once we know there will be massive replacement cycle or do you think the railroads will just go on as they have in the past?
Rafael Santana:  that should not because  steps is technology they can apply to existing fleet and upgrade the fleet. So you can work on that transition. So some of the technologies we're talking about, what if I start with alternative fuels? I mean, that's  you will apply on the existing fleet. If you think about all the testing we are doing on batteries, ultimately that leads to potentially considering a hybridization of locomotives. So next thing, as you're thinking about mods, you could be connecting batteries into that mods can drive that fuel efficiency moving forward. So again, back to my comments on evolutionary versus revolutionary, and you got to be very sensitive to the elements of operations and how you make sure you don't disrupt any of the elements that exists there today, especially start switching fields if you go into hydrogen, for instance, I think we certainly have experience with LNG, and that tries a much more significant change in the overall infrastructure.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And just one final quick question. Sorry if I missed it, but did you guys say anything about the elevated geopolitical risks in and around Ukraine and then previously a couple of months ago with the turbulence in Kazakhstan. And if it's had any -- if it's caused you any concerns about your business over there.
Rafael Santana: With certainly this are very important parts of our portfolio. Let me start first with Russia in specific. While it's an important part of our portfolio and we're I'll say certainly concerned about situation with that being said, Russia accounts for less than 5% of our business. If you think about Kazakhstan yes, we've followed out very closely. We have a significant operation there with employees, but there's really minimum disruption as we went through that process and we continue to operate strongly there.
Matt Elkott: Thank you very much.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Operator. Thank you, everyone for joining us. We look forward to talking to you over the quarter and certainly next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 15:33:08) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.  After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.  Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wabtec's third quarter 2021 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz.  Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today, and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we are making today are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics, and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning everyone. Joining me today is our new Chief Financial Officer, John Olin. John is a well respected leader with broad operational and financial experience. He is already bringing a great perspective to our business and long-term strategy with a clear focus on growing shareholder value. We are thrilled to have him on the team.  I also want to take a moment to thank Pat Dugan for his nearly 20 years of service to Wabtec. We are grateful for all that he has contributed to the company.  With that, lets turn to Slide 4. I will start with an update on our business, my perspective on the quarter and our long-term value framework and then, John will cover the financials. Overall, we made significant progress against our strategy and delivered a strong third quarter as noted by our sales growth, adjusted margins and adjusted earnings per share, each of which were up year-over-year.  Total sales for the quarter were $1.9 billion, driven by growing demand in freight services and components, but offset by continued weakness in the North America OEM market. Adjusted operating margin was 17%, driven by strong mix and productivity, ongoing lean initiatives, and cost actions. Total cash flow from operations was $244 million. This takes year-to-date cash from operations to $759 million versus $458 million a year ago. This is a solid illustration of how the team is driving good operational performance. Cash conversion for the year is at a 103%.  Finally, we ended third quarter with adjusted EPS of $1.14, up 20% year-over-year. Today, we are also pleased to share that we have achieved our $250 million synergy runrate of full year earlier than expected at the time of the GE Transportation acquisition. We have consolidated and optimized our operations, reduced costs to drive stronger profitability, accelerated lean across the enterprise, and created additional capabilities in best cost countries.  We are already feeling the benefit of these efforts, which will continue to improve our competitiveness. So overall, really strong execution by the team as we continue to deliver on our long-term strategy.  Shifting our focus to Slide 5, lets talk about our end-market conditions in more detail. Internationally, freight activity continued to improve in the third quarter across our major markets and our order pipeline remains strong. We expect long-term revenue growth in Russia, CIS, Brazil, Africa, Asia and then Australia.  Freight trends in North America weakened slightly year-over-year in the third quarter, not driven by lack of demand but by global supply chain disruption that has impacted intermodal volumes and our production. Consumer and industrial activity continued to spur volume growth in chemicals, metals and materials.  Locomotive parkings continued to decline despite weaker freight traffic in the quarter. We expect demand for reliability, productivity and fuel efficiencies to continue to increase placing our services business in a position of strength. When it comes to the North America railcar builds, demand for railcars is improving. About 21% of the North America railcar fleet remains in storage, a slight improvement from the previous quarter and in line with pre-COVID levels.  As a result, industry orders for new railcars are starting to improve. We forecast the railcar build this year will be in the neighborhood of 30,000 cars.  Transitioning to the transit sector, ridership remains a bit uneven in some markets. However, infrastructure spending for green initiatives continue to be a bright spot, especially as governments globally churn to rail for clean, safe, and efficient transportation. Overall, the long-term market drivers for passenger transport remains strong. Shifting to Slide 6, we are developing innovative solutions that address the main cost drivers for our customers, including fuel efficiency and increased velocity in the transportation sector. Our commitment to succeed in these efforts is underscored by our focus on continuing to position rail transportation as the safest and most sustainable way to move freight and people over land.  Today, we have the capability and expertise to transition diesel-powered locomotives to battery power and drastically reduce emissions as we are going with our FLX drive locomotive. We expect to extend this technology farther to hydrogen fuel cells and help lead the industry to a zero emission rail network of the future. And we are not stopping there. We have extended battery technology to other areas of our business as well. And we are driving cellular technology breakthroughs to boost transit efficiency and reduce emissions and  An example of this is our Green Friction technology, which drastically reduces brake emissions by up to 90%, an incredible milestone in significantly improving the quality of air in our metros. We are also leading the change to create a safer and more efficient rail network.  A great example of this and a solution of growing interest among class one customers is Trip Optimizers zero to zero. These advanced technologies allows an operator to autonomously start a train from zero miles per hour and stop it using software integrated with positive train control. It builds on Trip Optimizers proven performance, which have saved railroads more than 400 million gallons of fuel since its inception and reduces emissions by over 500,000 tons per year.  Looking forward, we will continue to advance efforts towards cleaner, more energy efficient transport and will share our progress on this front as well as our broader environmental, social and governance priorities in our next sustainability report, which will be released in a couple weeks.  Next, lets turn to Slide 7 to discuss how our next gen technology is helping us win in the market by covering a few recent business highlights. In the third quarter, we secured new orders for our FLX drive locomotives. We also closed a significant order for international locomotive test and won additional contracts in Asia to help our customers improve asset utilization and reduce emissions.  In freight services, we won a significant long-term service contract as well as an order for a 100 locomotive modernizations in North America. Overall, mod backlog remains strong and we are showing good momentum on deliveries.  Finally, in transits, we won new power collection, HVACs and service contracts in Germany, Switzerland and the UK. Looking ahead, we are confident Wabtec will continue to capture growth with innovative and scalable technologies that addressed our customers most pressing needs. We also will continue to control what we can and leverage the strength to combat the current challenges that we are facing due to supply chain disruptions increasing metal and commodity costs and labor shortages.  This dynamic have adversely impacted our third quarter results and have resulted in significant cost increases. Across the board, our team is working hard to mitigate the impacts of these pressures by triggering price escalations and surcharges as well as driving operational efficiencies wherever we can. We anticipate that cost will continue to increase over the next few quarters and we will continue to aggressively manage these challenges.  I will turn the call over John now to discuss this in more detail, as well as review the quarter, segment performance and our overall financial position. John? 
John Olin: Thanks, Rafael and good morning, everyone. Its great to be with you and I am very excited to join the team at Wabtec. It is a historic company with incredible talent, deep innovation, and best-in-class differentiated technologies that is well positioned to deliver the future of rail, whilst growing shareholder value. And I look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming months. Now turning to Slide 8, before getting into the financials, we would like to discuss the dynamic cost environment and supply chain challenges that we face. During the third quarter, we experienced delays in production and deliveries of our products as well as significant increases in many key input costs.  On the revenue side, we are experiencing adverse impacts to our sales results due to shortages across many component parts, including computer chips, which are causing delays in production and customer delivery. We believe that our enterprise revenues were 2% to 3% lower than they would have been without the supply chain disruptions and that the majority of these lower revenues represent delayed sales, not lost sales.  The impacts to Wabtecs cost structure come in four areas. First, commodity inflation where markets year-over-year are up more than 200% for steel, 94% for aluminum and roughly 40% for copper. The second area of impact is elevated freight and logistics cost, which in many cases are up over 3 to 4 times from pre-COVID levels.  Third is wage inflation and labor availability, which are adversely impacting the business. And finally, we are experiencing lost manufacturing efficiencies largely due to component and chip shortages. Our costs have increased during the quarter and have impacted both our freight and transit segments. We estimate that cost increases in the third quarter are in the range of $15 million to $20 million. Having said that, we expect these inwards to intensify as the full cost of rising metals and lower manufacturing efficiencies work their way through our inventories and purchase contracts. We anticipate cost to continue to increase over the next few quarters. Our team is working hard to mitigate the impact of these cost pressures and supply chain disruptions by, triggering price escalation causes that are included in many of our long-term contracts, implementing price surcharges, driving operational productivity and lean initiatives and finally through higher realization of synergies.  Turning to Slide 9, I will review our third quarter results in more detail. We had good operational and financial performance during the quarter. Sales for the third quarter were $1.91 billion, which reflects a 2.2% increase versus the prior year. Sales were positively impacted by the continued broad based recovery we are experiencing across much of our portfolio, the acquisition of Nordco and favorable currency exchange, partially offset by continued weakness in the North America OE locomotive market and lower year-over-year sales and transit.  For the quarter, adjusted operating income was $325 million, which was up 10.6% versus the prior year. Most notably, we delivered margin expansion in both our segments up 1.3 percentage points on a consolidated basis. Margins were aided by strong mix favorability, improved productivity and better than expected realization of synergies.  As Rafael stated, during the quarter, we achieved our goal of $250 million of synergy runrate, a significant milestone delivered a full year earlier than originally forecasted. What makes this quarters margin expansion even more impressive is the fact that our margin gains were achieved in the phase of an incredibly dynamic supply chain and inflationary environment.  Looking at some of the detailed line items for the third quarter, adjusted SG&A was $257 million, which was up $16.1 million from the prior year due to the normalization of certain expenses, higher incentive compensation and employee benefit costs and the acquisition of Nordco.  For the full year, we expect SG&A to be above 12.25% of sales, adjusted SG&A excludes $12 million of restructuring and transition expenses, of which most was allocated to further optimize our European footprint.  Engineering expense increased from last year. We continue to invest engineering resources in current business opportunities, but more importantly, we are investing on the future as an industry leader in decarbonization and digital technologies that improve safety, productivity and capacity utilization. Our 2021 investment in technology, which includes engineering expense remains at 6% to 7% of sales.  Amortization expense was $72.5 million and our adjusted effective tax rate during the quarter was 24.8% bringing our year-to-date adjusted effective tax rate to 25.8%. For the full year, we still expect to have an effective tax rate of about 26% excluding discrete items.  In the third quarter, GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.69 and adjusted earnings per diluted share were $1.14, up 20% versus prior year. We are pleased with our Q3 results, in particular, our sales growth in the phase of supply chain disruptions, our margin growth in the phase of sharp cost increases, we remain diligent and proactive as we work to minimize these challenges.  Now lets take a look at segment results on Slide 10 starting with the freight segment. Across the freight segment, total sales increased 4.7% from last year to $1.3 billion, primarily driven by continued strong growth in our services and component businesses. In terms of product lines, equipment sales were down 5.7% year-over-year due to fewer locomotive deliveries this quarter versus last year and no new locomotive deliveries in North America, partially offset by strong mining sales. This year-over-year performance demonstrates the resiliency of our equipment portfolio.  In line with that improved outlook for rail, our services sales grew a robust 13.6% versus last year. The year-over-year sales increase was largely driven by higher aftermarket sales from our customers modernizing their fleets, the unparking of locomotives and the acquisition of Nordco. The performance, reliability, and availability of our fleet continues to drive customer demand as railroads increasingly look for predictable outcomes across their fleet. Excluding Nordco, organic sales for the third quarter were up 6.1%.  Digital electronics sales were down 3.6% year-over-year driven by delays in purchase decisions, due to economic and cost uncertainties as well as chip shortages. We continue to see a significant pipeline of opportunities in our digital electronics product line as customers globally focused on safety, improved productivity, increased capacity and utilization . Component sales continued to show recovery, and were up 6.7% year-over-year driven by demand for railcar components and recovery in industrial end-markets. We remain encouraged by the continuing trend of railcars coming out of storage, higher order rates for new railcars and accelerated recovery across industrial end-markets.  Shifting to operating income for this segment. Freight segment adjusted operating income was $266 million, for an adjusted margin of 20.6%, up 1.7 percentage points versus the prior year. The benefit of higher volumes, improved mix across our portfolio and increased synergies and productivity were partially offset by significantly higher input costs.  Finally, segment backlog was $18.2 billion, up $375 million from the prior quarter on the broad multi-year order momentum that Rafael discussed across the segment.  Turning to Slide 11. Across our Transit segment, sales decreased 2.5% year-over-year to $612 million. Sales were down versus last year due in large part to supply chain issues and COVID-related disruptions. This was partially offset by positive ridership trends. Excluding near-term supply chain challenges, we estimate that Transit sales would have been up slightly on a year-over-year basis.  We believe the medium and long-term outlook for this segment remains positive as infrastructure spending for Green initiatives continues. Adjusted segment operating income was $77 million, which resulted in an adjusted operating margin of 12.5%, up 50 basis points versus the prior year. Across the segment, we continued to drive down cost and improve project execution despite the volatile cost environment. For the year, we remain committed to deliver about a 100 basis points of margin improvement for the segment and the team continues to take aggressive action to mitigate rising cost and supply chain disruption, which will pressure the pace of near-term margin improvement. As we execute in the fourth quarter, we expect significantly improve operating margin driven by strong productivity gains, improved project mix and more favorable comps versus the prior years fourth quarter. Finally, transit segment backlog for the quarter was $3.6 billion which was flat with the prior quarter after adjusting for the negative effect of foreign exchange.  Now let's turn to our financial position on slide 12. We had another strong quarter of cash generation. We generated $244 million of operating cash flow during the quarter, bringing year-to-date cash flow generated to over $759 million. This performance clearly demonstrates the quality of our business portfolio.  During the quarter total CapEx was $23 million bringing year-to-date CapEx to $78.5 million. In 2021, we now expect CapEx to be approximately $120 million. This is $20 million lower than our previous guidance as the team judiciously manages every dollar of spend.  Our adjusted net leverage ratio at the end of the third quarter was 2.6 times and our liquidity is robust at $1.62 billion. Also during the quarter, we returned capital to shareholders repurchasing $199 million of shares. As you can see in these results, our balance sheet continues to strengthen and we are confident we can continue to drive solid cash generation giving us the liquidity and flexibility to allocate capital towards the highest return opportunities and to grow shareholder value.  With that, Id like to turn the call back to Rafael. 
Rafael Santana: Thanks, John. Lets flip to Slide 13 to discuss our updated 2021 financial guidance. We believe that the underlying customer demand for our products and the end-market momentum remains strong. As John indicated, we do expect continued headwinds from a more challenging sales and cost environment into the fourth quarter.  Taking into consideration this market backdrop and volatile cost environment, combined with our solid performance in the first three quarters, we are narrowing our full year revenue and earnings per share guidance. We expect sales of $7.9 billion to $8.05 billion and adjusted EPS to be between $4.20 and $4.30 per share. We expect cash flow conversion to remain greater than 90% resulting in strong cash generation of about $1 billion for the full year.  Now, lets turn to our final slide. Everything we outlined today reinforces that we have a clear strategy to accelerate long-term profitable growth. That strategy is built on our extensive installed base and deep industry expertise grounded in innovation, breakthrough initiatives and scalable technologies that drive value for our customers and accelerated by our lean continuous improvement culture and disciplined capital allocation.  I am proud of the strong execution by the team in the third quarter despite a challenging supply chain, cost, and market environment. You are seeing their efforts in the strength of the company and our financial results. As we go forward, the rail sector is well positioned to increase share and address the critical issues facing the worlds freight and logistics sector.  We will continue to lean into the strong fundamentals of this industry and our company to deliver long-term profitable growth. As we said before, Wabtecs mission holds a larger purpose to move and improve the world.  After demonstrating strong performance in the first three quarters of 2021, I am confident that this company will continue to deliver and lead the transition to a more sustainable future.  With that, I will turn the call back over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question. 
Operator:  Our first question comes from Justin Long from Stephens. You may now go ahead. 
Justin Long: Thanks. Good morning and John, congrats on the new role. Look forward to working with you. 
John Olin: Thank you. 
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Justin. 
Justin Long: I guess, to start, I had a question on the revenue guidance. If we just take the low end of the revenue guidance, it still implies a pretty sequential pickup in revenue in the fourth quarter. I think its around 13% of an increase sequentially to hit the low end of that guide. Can you just give a little bit more color around the areas where you see that sequential improvement and just the level of visibility you have? 
Rafael Santana: So, let me start there, Justin. Ill start with the pipeline of deals that continues to strengthen. I mean, when you look at the impact on the quarter, its really tied to supply chain disruption. If anything versus last time we thought, Id say, we have a stronger pipeline. If you think about the 12 month backlog, its up double-digit versus a year ago. This is the highest backlog we had since what, fourth quarter 2019.  And this is a pipeline we continue to work on convertibility here. I think commodity demand remains overall strong for both agriculture and mining. In North America, even in the quarter demand for services and supports for both fuel savings and reliability remains strong. Locomotives are running harder. Demand for freight car is on the rise from the forecast we had earlier in the year. And I think most important we also continue to build momentum on the battery electric solution with customers around the world.  So, this is not a question around demand. I think the adjustment we judged in the guidance for the year reflects some of that disruption including going into the fourth quarter which is reflected in guidance we provided. 
Justin Long: Okay. And secondly I wanted to ask about margins. One of the things that really stood out in the quarter was the adjusted operating margins for the freight segment. We saw a sequential decline in revenue for freight in the third quarter, but I believe the adjusted operating margins improved by over 200 basis points sequentially. So is there any color you can provide around that? Was there anything that was one-time? And then, maybe on the cost headwinds going forward that you said would intensify? Any way to think about the order of magnitude around that and the pickup you expect?
John Olin: Hi, Justin, this is John. Justin, with regards to the sequential and also year-over-year, the margin gains were about the same. Year-over-year, 1.7 points, on a sequential basis, 2.1 points. The driver of that in the freight organization is really the mix between the groups and mix within the groups. And when you look between the group, we had services which has got higher than average margin up 13.6% and in transit and equipment down anywhere between 2.5% and 5.7%. So thats really the driver of both the sequential and the year-over-year margin improvement.  With regards to the cost side of the question, we talked about the $15 million to $20 million and thats Justin, what has actually flown through the P&L. And so just to make sure that we are all straight, the largest of the predominance of that cost that we are seeing on the front end is towards freight and I am sorry, yes, freight and logistics cost. Those dont flow through inventory and they hit us upfront. So the predominance of the $15 million to $20 million is in freight cost. The other piece of it is the materials rising as everyone knows has risen a lot as well as manufacturing inefficiencies. Now those get inventoried in the flow through inventory and theyll be released in the future as those products are sold. If we look at whats on the balance sheet, thats at about the same amount that we saw pass through on the P&L in the third quarter. So there is another $15 million to $20 million on the balance sheet that will come and thats what we talked about in the prepared remarks is that we would expect cost to rise in the fourth quarter and the next few quarters. 
Justin Long: Okay. Thats helpful. I appreciate the time.
Rafael Santana: Thank you. 
John Olin: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. You may now go ahead. 
Jerry Revich : Good morning, everyone. And John, welcome.
John Olin: Thank you. 
Rafael Santana: Hi, Jerry. 
Jerry Revich : Rafael, I am wondering if you could talk about the mod business. Youve been on a really strong multiyear trajectory on that part of the portfolio. Can you talk about how the backlog looks? And how attractive that option is for rails as they figure out the emissions reduction strategy longer term? Do you anticipate similar level of production growth for your mods business in 2022 as what you are delivering this year? 
Rafael Santana: Yes. Jerry, so first, we do see, I mean, development in that business coming to this year. I think demand is still out there on this. When we think about growth, I think a lot of the elements of growth here for the mods business is more international. I think it remains so robust part of the solution for our customers in North America and justified very much with the announcement we made, but you kind of see us talking about some announcements around off shoring internationally for mod. So thats where I think a larger part of that opportunity is. 
Jerry Revich : Okay, terrific. And then, in terms of the international locomotive contracts, I know obviously you are not taking the commodity cost risk on those multiyear projects. But do your customers have the budgets to cover the significant raw material increases and whats the process like to recover the additional cost that obviously its going to take to complete those projects? 
Rafael Santana: I think a lot of those customers are actually benefiting from that, Jerry. So its very much connected to it in terms of the opportunities present to grow volume. A lot of its demand around both the elements of mining, but also the elements of the agri business. And those remain robust and the forecast thats positive as we look around the world going back very much my remarks. Its not a function of a single geography. We are really seeing a pickup on different geographies. 
Jerry Revich : And so, no issues on customers rail riding taxes. They are facing higher steel cost and multiyear contracts it sounds like. Okay. Thank you. 
Rafael Santana: And Jerry, to give more color to it, so number of customer we view is when we get multiyear contracts. So those already call it, provide them some visibility in terms of cost escalations to that process and I mean, weve been with a lot of and most of these customers we had a longstanding relationship. So, weve gone through times like this. 
Jerry Revich : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. You may now go ahead. 
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks for taking my questions. Sticking on international locomotives, could you just update us on what you are seeing there? What were deliveries in the quarter and maybe some guidance around growth into 2022? 
Rafael Santana: Sure. Well, first, I think its markets to where we continue to see good momentum. So, when I think about the 2022, 2023 timeframe, I think we see a positive momentum. Its all around the convertibility of this pipeline into orders and again, as I described it touches different geographies and different elements of that. So, we do expect growth associated to that when we go to the 2022, 2023 timeframe. With regards to guidance into 2022, its kind of early stages for us to really be discussing guidance at this point. But favorable demand in the 2022, 2023 timeframe. 
Saree Boroditsky: And then, can you just talk through just on the digital side and freight? Comparables were lot you did this quarter, but you are still down. So, when do you expect this to inflect positively? 
Rafael Santana: Ill start with number one efficiency, productivity, safety, those continue to be imperatives for our customers. We continue to see a strong commitment from them. Book-to-bill is above one year-to-date. We had some strong quarters looking back in terms of some of the multiyear orders and I think internationally we are keeping expanding our penetration. One of the products I think Ive talked about it before is PTC. Still be an opportunity to that is when I think about outside of the U.S. as big as the U.S. opportunity, weve started to execute now in PTC through three different countries outside of the U.S. Now, those are opportunities that it takes some time in terms of working those through. In a lot of cases we are doing also with governments on adopting it. But a very good positive progress up to this point. And I think we have significant room to grow in terms of helping customers hear with both the elements of driving productivity and decarbonization, which touches directly these products. So its going to go with automation and fuel savings at the end of the day. 
Saree Boroditsky: And then, just squeeze one in from a perspective, what was the contribution of Nordco to sales in the quarter? 
Rafael Santana: 2.1 percentage points on an enterprise-wide basis. I am sorry. I am sorry. U.S. contribution, that was for sales. So we benefited in overall consolidated sales because of Nordco by 2.1 percentage points. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. You may now go ahead. 
Rob Wertheimer : Thank you. Thanks for the commentary on cost and inflation and how it cycles through the balance sheet and P&L. I mean, also the gross margin was really good. So I am just wondering if there is anything else to call out in fact in the mix factors John that you already talked about on gross margin. And then just for clarification, with the price escalators and actions you are talking, do those coincide with  when that comes through or do we have a quarter, quarter two or whatever? And then we get back to the more positive dynamic. 
John Olin: Great, Rob. In terms of freight margin, yes, I  certainly mix was a driver, but the productivity and the synergy that the organization is spinning out is absolutely building our margins in those areas. Again, we talked about the synergy piece in achieving the overall synergies a year early. We are seeing some of our actual delivery of that flows through the P&L in the third quarter as well as on the entire organization focused on productivity and integrating these companies continues to drive strong productivity. And again, thats partially offset by escalating cost. So, lets talk a little bit more about that. We know that the costs are up $15 million to $20 million in the third quarter. We know that thats going to grow into the fourth quarter. And when we look at how we are going to cover that as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, is we will do it through a series of price escalations, pricing and price surcharges, as well as a lot ahead of work on accelerating productivity and kind of pushing of these cost increases as best we can. But to your question, lets talk a little bit about the price escalators. Again, over half the companys revenue is tied up, I mean, locked into long-term contracts. So weve got built-in protection for a situation as we are experiencing now. There is not a lot  there is nothing that we have to do whats already pre-determined for us on how these costs will be covered. So, the question is, yes there tend to be a lag. Various contracts have different start days. Some are monthly and those adjust every month, quarterly and annual. So that we would expect over the next couple quarters that we would continue to build up the revenue side of this cost equation and track to be price cost neutral to positive as we go forward. The other piece of it is aside from the escalator. So a little bit less than half of the overall cost increases are being dealt with pricing and price surcharges.  This is all been factored into the guidance which we talked about the 50 point increase, 50 basis point increase in margins. And again, we are absorbing some of these costs. Its still hitting the guidance that we previously put out there. 
Rob Wertheimer : Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. You may now go ahead. 
Courtney Yakavonis: Great. Thanks, guys. If we could just maybe just follow-up on the comments about price escalations. Just to be clear, those will  are exposed to the commodities that you specifically called out, John. Steel, aluminum, copper and then, if we see those prices eventually would track to the price escalations stay or would we expect pricing to adjust downward in those contracts as well? 
John Olin: Yes. Courtney, its a little bit of mix, nobody call them as price escalators because there are also price de-escalators when cost go down. So, again, these are long-term contracts could be many, many years long. So all of this is prescribed and yes they do cover all those commodities, as well as labor and transportation costs. So, we feel very good about where we are sitting in that part of the cost structure thats backed up by those long-term contracts. 
Rafael Santana: Yes, we do have expense with those escalators as we look at over time, the combination of this escalation plus the productivity we drive, Ill call positive outcomes. So that I want to tell you that. 
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Great. Thats helpful. And then maybe just going back to some of the longer term wins that you called out this quarter, Rafael, between the mods, the cost one service agreement, Trip Optimizer, can you just help - international loco, can you just frame out when you would expect with the timeframe of those orders apply to and when we could expect deliveries on them? And I dont think you called out any incremental zero, zero, but just give us an update on whether you are making traction on that product line as well. 
Rafael Santana: Well, we are making progress. So I will start there. Expect some continued announcement here as we drive convertibility. We expect, especially when you think of the OE side, some of those might hit us more on the 2023 than the 2022 timeframe. But thats why I told you about the 2022, 2023 positive dynamics in terms of what we see out there in terms of revenue growth. So, with that and considering the dynamics, we still have in North America. We see the opportunity here to drive profitable growth in the 2022, 2023 timeframe despite still looking at, well, deliveries for North America locomotives still at zero, which is the same that we had this year. 
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then, just lastly one more follow-up on the supply chain. It did sound like the $15 million to $20 million cost that you called out. Was that a gross number or a net number? It sounded like that was mostly for logistics and I am just wondering should that not covered under any of those escalations. So we should think about those costs are been kind of more substantial and harder to price out. Is that correct? 
Rafael Santana: Yes. Good question, Courtney. The $15 million to $20 million of higher cost is a gross number. And again, when we look at a net number, we are triggering some of those price escalators in the quarter and we also got some flow arrangements where they get priced automatically and again the team is looking at surcharges and what not. If we take the other side of this equation which is the revenue piece of this, it is about little over half of the $15 million to $20 million. So we are covering about half of that through these mechanisms. And again, we are on our way to price neutrality to positive and we would expect that in the next couple of quarters that we will have some margin compression as we kind of deal with the lag of mainly the long-term contracts that have price escalators in it. 
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. You may now go ahead. 
Ivan Yi: Good morning. This is Ivan Yi on for Scott Group. First I want to go back to the gross margins. Gross margins of 37% were higher than weve seen in some time. Is that level sustainable? Or how much would you expect that to tick down given the escalating cost that you mentioned? Thank you. 
Rafael Santana: So, first, I think you will continue to see variation quarter-over-quarter on margins and sales and I think for reasons we described before, which can include timing of projects and input mix, under absorption. So I will stay away from what we are really bidding us down on any specific results in an any given quarter. I think the overall commitment which John spoke to is despite of this pressure as we talked to you on previous earnings, the commitment is there despite a higher risk to drive 50 basis points of improvements for the year and despite of the pressure on margins moving forward the team is continuing to work on really offsetting those with some of the mechanisms we described that they are certainly elements of looking at alternative sourcing that the team is looking at it and we certainly got the elements of also austerity on costs that we can add to the elements of pricing and the other things that John described. 
Ivan Yi: Thank you. And then, I know you are not providing 2022 guidance, but can you provide some additional initial color on next year? Do you expect a recovery in the North American local market with railcars? So I guess, what end-markets kind of feel best and what end-markets feel worst? Thank you. 
Rafael Santana: Id start with overall, especially when I look in the 2022, 2023 timeframe. I think we see overall positivism. Its certainly I think even more positive when I think about the elements of international. I talked a little bit earlier about zero locomotives in North America. I think ultimately, even when you think about the 2022, 2023 timeframe the net impact of absorption, I think certainly lessen as we first, I mean, there is a lap or the impact of 2021 which is just a repeat of no locomotives this year. And we see the opportunity here to outrage what I will call increased volume across, literally more optimized cost structure as a result of the synergies and the cost actions that the team has driven. So, despite of this margin pressure, we continue on our commitment here to drive profitable growth for the longer term for the business. 
Ivan Yi: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. You may now go ahead. 
Steve Barger : Hi, good morning. I know we are early in the process for the seven megawatt battery electric locomotives. But can you talk about how this changes? How customers are talking about equipment acquisition in coming years? Does this increase mods and decrease OE to some extent while customers wait for this? Or how are they talking to you about it? 
Rafael Santana: I think customers wait for this. I think that some of the things that we announced here on the quarter its really us continue to build momentum in battery electric solutions. And this was customers really around the world. So I think the importance of this is really we do expect and we told about it on building what Ill call is solid baseline demand that actually helps us accelerate the introduction of this technology which builds up on the long-term profitable growth for the business. So there is a not a way to show lot more in terms of our discussion on how to best integrate that into their operations through some discussions that happen along the lines of applying that into specific corridors where they are able to have that dedicated fleet and thats some of this premise is out. And I think whats important to our test, what I will call the invention of this product, this is really about spudding into riding new services and working with customers to accelerate introduction in the areas that it makes sense. 
Steve Barger : And as that starts to roll out, is that positive for mix for you? 
Rafael Santana: Yes. We like this product very much. There is positives in terms of how we look at, what we are introducing to keep in minds, we are not just introducing, what Ill call locomotive, a lot of its still goes with that locomotive upfront. So, we like a lot of the dynamics on what that can provide in terms of value for both our customers and ourselves. 
Steve Barger : Got it. And then, John, I know, its early to talk about 2022, but do you have a general view on what consolidating  consolidated incremental margins should like in a modest growth environment or better if you want to drill that into the two segments, how you think about incrementals? 
Rafael Santana: You know, Steve, what we are going to do is spend the next three months really refining our plans, absorbing the car shack that we have now and we will back again in about three months and provide a good view as to what we do believe will happen in margins in 2022. But at this point, we feel good as we look forward. 
John Olin: We see the opportunity on the 2022, 2023 timeline to drive profitable growth as I had highlighted. In terms of some of the specific segments, I think would then open about it in terms of all the nodes start for our transit business, which is really getting margins to the methane. It should continue to drive margin improvements for our freight businesses as well. 
Steve Barger : Understood. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. You may now go ahead. 
Allison Poliniak : Hi, good morning. I just want to go back to the digital business specifically. Obviously, component and chip shortages been well documented here. Is there a way to understand what that specific headwind to grow for that product category has been? And then, I guess, Rafael, your comment around, certainly delayed but not failed, how do you expect that to kind of, I guess, if you have any thoughts on when that starts to smooth out for you? Whether its based on just the availability of those components? Or its kind of things that you are doing to sort of attack that, as well? 
Rafael Santana: So, let me start with the second part of your question. When we gave the guidance associated with this year, that certainly implies what Ill call stronger headwinds than weve had in the third quarter when it comes down to supply chain disruptions with that come in a series of actions being taken by the team and really proud to see the progress the team has had. So, I am not going to just state, when those will finish or not, I think this is a very dynamic situation and we are really focused on things that we control and its really tied to a cost austerity, continuing to drive productivity, making sure that we are looking at alternative sourcing and that we are acting on pricing. I think those are some of the things that we are focused on. On digital electronics, we  the dynamics are - I am going to call, moving in the right direction here with the business as I look into the book-to-bill, moving the right side strong opportunity here for us to grow penetration and that we have the opportunity, especially as we evolve some of these technologies. We talked quite a bit about battery electric. Its really significant opportunity to have a much more interconnected ecosystem and thats going to drive significant value for our customers. Its going to drive competitiveness for rail overall. And we can certainly benefit from that. 
Allison Poliniak : Got it. Helpful. And then, John, obviously, these leverage at Wabtec, strong cash performance, would love to get your perspective on capital deployments and where you think the priorities should be at this point?
John Olin: Well, Allison, number one is I would say, I cant wait to get our owners perspective on capital deployment, on the capital structure now. I will be out in the next several talking to a lot of them to get their feedback. The second thought that I have on the topic is what a great problem to have, some of these done a fantastic job of becoming very consistent and delivering a very strong cash conversion ratio and as we look at this quarter, $1 billion of free cash. So, number one is to make sure that we maintain a strong balance sheet, which the company has and continued to strengthen that. The second area, Allison, is to continue invest in the organic side of the business. Ive been here out seven, eight weeks and Ive seen a lot of capital requests and the returns are absolutely fantastic on those investments in terms of driving improved profits over that period of time. And then finally is on the remainder of the cash, we will look at M&A and share buybacks no differently. We will prioritize the returns t the shareholders and we will continue the buybacks as we did in the third quarter. So, again a great quarter in terms of share buybacks at a $199 million. And we will apply what makes sense in terms of strategic acquisitions and look to how do we continue to drive the shareholder value of the company forward. 
Allison Poliniak : Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. You may now go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys. Its James on for Chris. Wanted to talk about perhaps about brake services revenue. I think does this really show the seasonal step up you might normally expect. Just kind of wonder and expand the puts and takes around that and sort of how we should sort of think about the fourth quarter? Is thats essentially sort of the baseline to operate off of? Is that some of that pushed out just want to understand the dynamics there? 
Rafael Santana: Let me take that, starting with freight services. I mean, revenues are up 13.6% and even if we were to discount the acquisition of Nordco, you would still have seen a sales increase of 6% into the quarter. Thats some of the elements of we could see variation quarter-to-quarter and that stays on timing of projects and mix as well it can play an element there. But this is a business that continues to have, what Ill call high demand for really the elements of providing reliable power. Unparking of locomotives continue and demand for really modernization, its also lot there. And we are continuing to see higher aftermarket demand as some of the fleets get on part. So, right dynamics nothing specific to highlight on the business. 
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Got it. And then, I guess, given the dynamics you highlighted around the unparkings and moving into the fourth quarter and further out, should we start to see essentially sequential improvement off of that? Just like the math of the unparkings would suggest that you guys step up off of what you have in the third quarter there? 
Rafael Santana: When I look at the 2022, 2023 timeframe, I think the expectation is that, I mean, when you look, show an opportunity here for growing demand. Ill stay away from really highlight specifics on going through the early part of next year just based on a lot of the things that we described here through the call. But demand is there. What weve seen up to this point is really disruption tied to supply chain and we see the opportunity to continue to drive long-term profitable growth for the business. The team is executing on the strategy and we are confident about our ability to position here the company for that long-term profitable growth. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen. You may now go ahead. 
Matt Elkott : Good morning. Good to see the sequential increase in the total backlog and I think year-over-year both the total backlog and the 12 month backlog increased. But Rafael and John, can you talk about the decrease sequentially in the 12 month backlog? What are the reasons behind it? Are there order deferrals? And specifically on the change of backlog, because I think this is the second quarter in a row that we see a sequential decrease in the 12 months backlog. 
John Olin: Sure, Matt. This is John. Matt, as we look at the 12 month backlog, you are right. It is down about a $115 million or a couple percent. And that is driven by transit and there are two things which are driving that reduction. One is about half of it is on foreign exchange. So pick that right off the top. The other piece on  the other half of it in transit is our exiting some non-profitable contracts. I just remember a couple of quarters ago, the company talked about a UK restructuring and so these are contracts that we are exiting because they werent delivering the level of profits that we would expect from our transit organization. So those are the two pieces that explain the bulk of the reduction from the second quarter to the third quarter. But Id also point out, Matt is when you look on a year-over-year basis, so, a year ago quarter, 12 month back log is actually up very strong. Its up over 10%. 
Rafael Santana: And I will just add, we just went through our strategic planning and as I look at the onus of both transit and the overall franchise we have the option here to drive profitable growth. 
Matt Elkott : Got it. Thats very helpful. And then, a question on the  its good to see the locomotive, park locomotives decreased heading in the right direction, but if you listen to at least the couple of the railroads so far their locomotive fleets have declined a bit. So, any thoughts on that, Rafael or John? 
Rafael Santana: This is a very dynamic environment. So I am not going to pretend to explain any movements on any specific railroads at this point. But as you look at the dynamics of demand, especially as you go into the 2022, 2023 timeframe, those are largely positive and I think we have the opportunity here to benefit from that. 
Matt Elkott : Got it. And, Rafael, this is a question that Ive been willing to ask you on the call, but can you just talk about the Trip Optimizer and its interoperability with the competition? Just trying to get a gauge on, if the industry has to head in one direction or another as far as software? 
Rafael Santana: I think we have invested in a portfolio of solutions over time. I think despite of the cycles thats a commitment we have had which is really longer term and I think we have come up with a number of solutions that can benefit, not just our own fleets, but can be taken into serving other fleets. Weve demonstrated the ability to do that with PTC. And its something that we are certainly looking at it. Its the opportunity to take that into other markets and other products. 
Matt Elkott : Great. Thank you very much. 
Rafael Santana: Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes sour question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you for your participation everybody. We look forward to meeting with you over the next couple of months and certainly next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 15:32:04) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.  After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.  Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wabtec's second quarter 2021 Earnings Call. With us today are President and CEO Rafael Santana, CFO Pat Dugan, Chief Technology Officer, Eric Gebhardt and Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation along with our earnings release, financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today, and they can be accessed on our Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making today are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics, and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning everyone. Let's begin on slide 4. We delivered a strong second quarter as noted by our sales growth, adjusted margin and adjusted earnings per share, each of which were up sequentially and year-over-year. Total sales for the quarter were $2 billion driven by growing demand in freight services, components and transit, but offset by weakness in the North America OEM market. Adjusted operating margin was 15.2% driven by ongoing lean initiatives, cost actions and the realization of synergies. Total cash flow from operations was $223 million. This takes the year-to-date cash from operations to $515 million versus $229 million a year ago. It's a solid illustration of how the team is driving good operational performance and focused working capital management. Cash conversion for the year is over 100%. Our year-to-date book-to-bill continues to be a positive story. We ended the first half of the year, greater than one and we have a strong order pipeline for international locomotives. Total backlog at the end of the quarter was $21.5 billion providing strong visibility into 2021 and beyond. Finally, we ended second quarter with adjusted EPS of $1.06, up 22% year-over-year. In the area of synergies we are on track to achieve our full run rate of $250 million this year and we are feeling the benefits of our footprint consolidation and aggressive actions on structural costs. So overall, really strong execution by the team as we continue to deliver on our long-term strategy. I am confident that with strong execution, focused cost measures, our team's drive on productivity and continued improvements in our end markets, we will continue to deliver long-term profitable growth. Now let's turn in to slide 5. To discuss a few of our recent business highlights starting with our strategic partnership we recently announced with CSX.
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Rafael, and good morning everyone. We had solid operational and financial performance during the quarter. As markets continue to gradually recover, we demonstrated our ability to deliver on synergies to generate strong cash flow and to invest in the future and position Wabtec for profitable growth. Turning to Slide 6. I'll review the second quarter in more detail. Sales for the second quarter were $2 billion, which reflects a 16% increase versus the prior year, driven by a broad based recovery across our portfolio offset somewhat by lower North America OE freight markets. For the quarter, operating income was $203 million and adjusted operating income was $306 million, which was up 17% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income excluded pre-tax expenses of $103 million of which $73 million was for non-cash amortization and $30 million for restructuring of which the majority was for our UK operations and transaction costs related to the acquisition of Nordco. Adjusted operating margin was 10 basis points higher than the second quarter last year and up from the first quarter. Versus last year, adjusted operating margin benefited from higher sales and the realization of synergies. Now, looking at some of the detailed line items for the second quarter, adjusted SG&A was $254 million which was 12.6% of sales. This was up from last year due to the normalization of certain expenses compared to the temporary cost actions taken during the depth of the pandemic, a year ago. Adjusted SG&A excludes $9 million of restructuring and transaction expenses. For the full year, we expect adjusted SG&A to be about 12% of sales. We will continue to aggressively manage headcount and structural costs. Engineering expense increased from last year. This was largely due to higher volume outlook for the year. Overall, our investment in technology is still expected to be about 6% to 7% of sales. Amortization expense was $73 million. For 2021 we expect non-cash amortization expense to be about $290 million and depreciation expense of about $205 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate during the quarter was 25.3%, bringing our year-to-date adjusted effective tax rate to be about 26.3%. For the full year we still expect an effective tax rate of about 26%. In the second quarter GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.66 and adjusted earnings per diluted share were $1.06. Now, let's take a look at the segment results on Slide 7. Across the freight segment total sales increased to 11% from last year to $1.3 billion, primarily driven by strong growth in services and aftermarket and higher demand for components. In terms of product lines equipment sales were down 2% year-over-year due to fewer locomotive deliveries in North America.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Pat and shifting our focus to markets on slide 11. We are continuing to see good signs of recovery. While the trough in the OE North American market remains, we are seeing sequential improvement in freight rail volumes.
Eric Gebhardt: Thanks Rafael, and good morning everyone. I'm Eric Gebhardt, Chief Technology Officer for Wabtec and I'm thrilled to be here with you to share some of the transformative advancements we're driving in the clean energy transportation sector. Turning to slide 12. As you may be aware, today rail represents the cleanest, most energy efficient and safest mode of moving freight and people on land, moving 40% of freight per ton-mile in the US alone. Current trends indicate that freight and passenger activity will more than double by 2050 as the sector pushes for more sustainable transportation. At Wabtec we're innovating to help our customers increase efficiency, reduce costs and cut their overall carbon footprint through the development of low emitting locomotive technologies. Including Tier 4 locomotives running on renewable fuels and battery electric locomotive. We're also pushing the boundaries into alternative fuels such as biodiesel, renewable diesel and hydrogen which I'll share more on in a moment. Over the last year we built and tested in revenue operation with BNSF Railway and the California Air Resources Board the world's first heavy-haul 100% battery electric locomotive called FLXdrive. This locomotive which operated in a comp sys between two other locomotives had a battery capacity of 2.4 megawatt hours and generated most of its energy from regenerative braking. At the conclusion of this rigorous three month tests that span 13,000 miles, the FLXdrive exceeded expectations delivering more than 11% average reduction in fuel consumption and greenhouse gas emission. That's the equivalent of eliminating 6,200 gallons of diesel fuel and flashing 69 tons of CO2 emissions; and it's just the beginning. At more than seven megawatt hours, which is the next version of the FLXdrive we currently have in development and expect to bring to market in 2023, we anticipate further reducing fuel consumption and emissions by up to 30%. This reduction is tied to a tightly coupled system that Wabtec is driving in the marketplace that includes batteries, Trip Optimizer, power electronics and even our braking systems to capture all the available regenerative braking energy. And by owning the complete system, we can control the comp sys to optimize fuel burn or emissions, battery life or speed depending on the operators need on a specific route. Our second-generation battery electric locomotive will operate independently and leverage General Motors Ultium battery technology that Rafael mentioned earlier. It's a winning combination. When we bring our expertise in energy management and systems optimization for heavy-haul locomotives, we're taking full advantage of GM's advanced technologies and speed-to-market. In addition to these efforts we're also re-imagining the future of rail utilization, safety and logistics optimization. Our vision is to expand the use of freight rail, enable the elimination of over 300 million tons of carbon dioxide annually across the global transportation network, reduce road congestion in our cities and make transportation significantly safer for everyone. Put us on this path we've installed positive train control systems and software on more than 24,000 locomotives. This technology has revolutionized rail safety in the US over the last decade and helped make the rail sector more efficient and effective. Our next generation systems will take efficiency even further by enabling moving block and virtual coupling instead of the traditional fixed block signaling used today, while still maintaining the most stringent safety standards. Similarly, our Trip Optimizer solution or smart cruise control system which is installed on over 11,000 locomotives has helped save customers more than 400 million gallons of fuel and 4.5 million tons of CO2. Together with Movement Planner, these digital solutions are revolutionizing locomotive fuel efficiency and real-time network planning. We're also helping move goods more efficiently using the existing rail network, all while reducing energy use emissions and waste. Looking to the future on Slide 13. We will accelerate the shift to green energy solutions and bring to market a heavy-haul zero emission hydrogen hybrid locomotive. And we have a clear roadmap to get there, one that drives us across the path with batteries as a focal point across the entire spectrum. And one that is already underway with FLXdrive. Our vision is to leverage battery technology while burning hydrogen in the internal combustion engine similar to what we're doing today with natural gas in Florida. This step is a retrofittable approach, we can take 80% to 90% of the energy content and make it hydrogen driving a dramatic drop in emissions. In parallel, we will develop a hydrogen fuel cell locomotive and ruggedized the fuel cells so they can operate in a harsh rail environment. GM's hydrogen capabilities give us an advantage here as well. Their hydro-tech hydrogen fuel cell power cubes are compact and easy to package and can be used in a wide range of applications including locomotives. Our vision is clear, to have an operation fully decarbonized trains utilizing battery electric and hydrogen technology. The recent partnerships we announced with Carnegie Mellon University, the nation's leading university in artificial intelligence and robotics and Genesee & Wyoming, the nation's largest short line and regional freight railroad put us on a path to do just that. By working together we believe the transition to a more utilized efficient and zero emission rail network is absolutely within reach, and we're committed to helping the industry get there. With that, Rafael I'll turn it back over to you.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Eric. You had a great example of how we're driving breakthrough technology investments in scalable and sustainable products that will position Wabtec and the industry for long-term profitable growth. Let's turn to our final slide. Everything we've outlined today reinforces our strategy to accelerate long-term profitable growth. That strategy is based on our expansive install base, deep expertise, innovation and breakthrough initiatives and scalable technologies, rigorous operations, continuous improvement culture and disciplined capital allocation. I'm proud of the strong execution by the team in the second quarter despite a still challenging environment. As we go forward, we will continue to lean into the strong fundamentals of the company to execute on synergies, drive margin expansion, generate strong cash flow and deliver long-term profitable growth. As we've said before Wabtec's mission holds a larger purpose to move and improve the world. After demonstrating strong performance in the first half of '21. I'm confident that the company will continue to deliver and lead the transition to a more sustainable future. We look forward to sharing more on the company technologies in our long-term vision in the fourth quarter when we plan to host an Investor Day. More information on this will be shared shortly. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to question. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call. I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  Our first question today comes from Justin Long with Stephens.
Justin Long: Thanks and good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning Justin.
Justin Long: I'll start with one on the guidance. Could you share how much of the guidance raise was a function of the second quarter, beating your expectations versus the change in second half expectations? And maybe as you answer that, I got the impression last quarter that in Q2 we'd have a little bit of a dip in terms of locomotive deliveries and mods and then we'd see a re-acceleration in the back half. So, just curious if that's still the right cadence to be thinking about?
Rafael Santana: Yes, so Justin and I'll start with the second quarter. I think the team has been able to really overcome. I think some of the headwinds that we had referred to in terms of supply chain and there are some significant challenges in India. So I think we've executed better than what we had expected, which is good, helps us derisk any elements of the second half of the year and really we feel like we're very much on track to continue margin expansion into the second half of the year. So, I think some of the guidance change really reflects I think an improved environment ahead. I think we've certainly seen that with, I'll call a number of our end markets certainly internationally. We're continuing to see on parking locomotives and freight cars. So, if you look at freight cars, the numbers we're looking at it for now in the year are better than what we have guided earlier on.
Justin Long: Okay. And thinking about the international locomotive market, so you've noted orders have picked up here recently. It sounds like the pipeline is strengthening as well. Any way you could give us an update on your expectations for international locomotive deliveries this year, the level of visibility you have into next year, just to help us think through that pick up?
Rafael Santana: Sure. So like you said, our pipeline of deals continues to strengthen. You will continue to see the backlog expansion. This is the highest backlog we've had since second quarter and we have a stronger pipeline that we are working on. We've had a number of significant international equipment deals that are under negotiation and starting to see some of those convert. First one you saw was here in South America, but we've got some of those really cutting across, we see it in Asia, in specific in Australia, Russia, CIS, to a large extent. I would say tied to commodity exports that have really strengthened for some of our key customers with growing demand in mining. I think -- So the internationally. That's really I think something that's playing out across.
Justin Long: Okay, I'll leave it there. I appreciate the time.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Could you just talk a little bit about the freight margin performance because you saw a pickup in some of the higher, what I would think is higher margin categories such as services versus locomotives, but then margin decline year-over-year. So what's the key driver there, and what do you need to show margin improvement? How are you thinking about getting back to 2019 levels? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Well, first let me just start with -- you're going to see margin expansion into the year across both segments. I think we've been very specific with regards to transit that doesn't change. As you go into the second half of the year we expect over 50 basis points of margin improvement versus the first half of the year. And with that I want to highlight, you will continue to see variation in specific quarters. I mean those are tied to timing of projects, they could be time, they could be associated with mix. If you look at it year-over-year. certainly transit is growing faster than the rest of the portfolio and within transit certainly OE is growing at much faster rate. There's also elements of how under absorption plays along the year. So as we look at it, there is an element of sometimes locomotive deliveries versus what the build plan is for the year. So overall, committed to really deliver on margin improvements for the year and better than what we guided early in the year.
Saree Boroditsky: Great, thanks for that color. And then maybe if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing on the digital side. You talked about some projects on PTC outside the US. Maybe just help us think about what's the global opportunity for PTC generally? And then when would you expect digital to get back to 2019 levels?
Rafael Santana: Yes, well two things. I'll start with our customers continue to be focused on efficiency, productivity and safety, which is what digital is all about. We continue to see a strong commitment there. Our book-to-bill was strong in the past three quarters, well above one. As you mentioned, I think we've seen some significant progress internationally on expanding our penetration. A good example is PTC as you mentioned. We're now executing it in three different countries outside the US, we've got a number of other countries where we are discussing the opportunity. I think one of the things I would highlight about the business. This has been largely as you're looking at the past transactional business. So if the locomotive order drop, you would see really pressure to revenues on our digital electronics segment. Our teams continue to take steps to further drive what I call, recurring revenues in the business. We expect some of these multi-year orders to continue and I think a big chunk of the focus for this year is to drive convertability for the business and improve the forecast for the year. But largely committed; this is a significant element of how we are also going to do this energy transition with battery electric. It really comes down to having a strong portfolio that allows you for a really strong energy management on the comp sys. So, overall positive. I think we're still working on convertability for the year at this point.
Saree Boroditsky: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: So, I had a small one. What was the issue with the restructuring in transit 23 million, I apologize if I missed this in the prepared remarks. I thought you were more or less past some of that. And then my bigger question is, so there is a bit of a perception out there that all the efficiencies in rail means locomotives are less needed in the future and we don't share that but it's out there. But I loved the overview of the efficiencies you're bringing with a variety of technologies to the market. I'm just curious what the reaction, the conversations are like with your rail customers on efficiency driving upgrades to new as opposed to just mods. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Let me start and I'll pass it on to Pat on the specifics of the restructuring. But when we look at where we are in rail, I think the demand for more reliable power continues to be there. We've continued to see improvement in terms of the on-parking. So, I think those were largely tied to the dynamics over the last couple of years, not just in terms of carloads also in terms of PSR. I think that's largely in. So, when we look at moving forward. I think the focus on both reliability of the fleet that's significant positive for us when you look at our services business. The other element is a continued focus from customers now on really making sure that you're getting more productivity. And I think that will tie very well with some of the solutions that we have out there that drive fuel savings. We've talked about the FDL advantage. There's also I think significant elements in terms of upgrades that we can continue to drive. You've heard about us implementing the Tier 4 engine with our CSX now, this is something that we can apply not only to our platform, but to other platforms out there as well. And we're really excited about the opportunity here on this energy transition with battery electric. We are currently responding to a number of really questions coming from request for quotes and requests for information from customers, not just in North America, around the world. So we see battery here as a significant element of how you really call, renew some of the fleets driving value for customers and driving value for ourselves. So I think we are really building off on a positive momentum here ahead of us.
Pat Dugan: So to talk about the restructuring. We've talked about this in the past it's specific to our UK operations where we're seeing some of the larger projects wind down and conclude. And so we're looking at all of our footprint in the UK and consolidating operations. There is an element of impairment and other severance that comes through in that number. The majority of that restructuring is non-cash. So there's just a lumpiness here in the second quarter. I would tell you that when you look at the full year we still expect our restructuring to be less than it was a year ago. We also expect that restructuring is going to continue as we drive that margin improvement for our transit segment. We are consolidating footprint, taking steps to improve our productivity and improve margin overall. So there would still be more in the future, but we're down year-over-year.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Scott.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Scott Group: I want to just come back to the margin outlook for a second because when we look at the new revenue guidance and earnings guidance. It looks like the implied margins have come down a little bit from the prior guidance. And I just want to get your sense on why that is and maybe why we're not seeing just better leverage on the sales upside? Is it just mix or is there anything else going on. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Scott, I'll really go back to what I said, you're going to see margin expansion going through the second half of the year by more than 50 basis points versus the first half. If you look at our regional guidance we had given for the year, we're going to be seeing margins expanding better than that our original guidance was. I think there's always going to be again elements of variation in the quarter as I had highlighted in terms of timing of projects. Mix can also be an element here, especially as you think about, well the speed of growth here on the transit segment versus the freight segment. But as you look into some of the other elements, even SG&A were consistent with 12% we had guided earlier in the year. So very much committed and executing for the $250 million of synergies that we have talked about, we expect to deliver those earlier in the second half of the year than later and I think to our depositors, we're moving forward into what I call a second phase of integration 2.0, which a lot of it is really tied to a continuous improvement culture and that will continue to drive our productivity. So we are committed to continue to drive profitable growth with improved margins going into next year as well.
Scott Group: Okay. And then, you talked about locos getting on parked, maybe can you just talk how many locos were un-parked in the second quarter. What your outlook is for the back half of the year and then what's the revenue opportunity for you from each loco getting un-parked?
Rafael Santana: I think the best way to answer you there is, yes, we look into the second half. I think we expect here certainly a continued rebound out a gradual pace, of course when you compare  year-over-year they become a little more challenging. I think the good news is when you look at the fleet that's running out there. I mean, you're really looking for reliability and availability and those locomotives are running harder than they were before. Even though, if you look at the overall fleet, you're not necessarily back to pre-COVID levels. I think we are positioned well here with the newer fleets, that really provide I will call the battery reliability for customers, which is certainly needed right now when you look at improve being service levels ahead. So, I wouldn't speculate in terms of the levels of unparking. This is an active dialog we have with customers and it involves, not just the elements of unparking, it involves a strategy around modernizations, new locomotives. So, it's a broader equation than just tied to un-parking of existing fleets, which will potentially come with sometimes penalties tied to reliability of the overall system.
Scott Group: Okay. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi, good morning everyone.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Jerry.
Rafael Santana: Rafael, can you talk about the mod pipeline and where it stands today? Nice to see the really strong deliveries in the quarter where you had the tough comp from a year ago, and I'm wondering, what's the backlog look like, what's the pipeline and level of activity overall?
Rafael Santana: Jerry, mods was a significant step up this year versus last year. That helped us say partially offset even some of the elements of new locomotive deliveries. As we look at moving forward, I think good momentum there. So, if you think about the things that we're bringing to market that allows us to even upgrade some of the existing fleets with better fuel efficiency, some of the elements of automation. So we see that as a trend continuing, certainly going to next year. I think there is an element here of just, I mean step up in growth we saw year-over-year. I do not expect the same going into next year but mods does have a significant opportunity for us and as you look at internationally as well. It's been a significant element of discussions with international customers too.
Jerry Revich: Very interesting and you know on the international locomotive pipeline, can you help us put a finer point on the timing and magnitude of project opportunities? And if you can comment on whether they are from countries where you have existing operations versus areas where you might need to build assembly capacity? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: So I think that's really a part of, I think the good dynamics we're seeing. Those are countries that we largely operate in, we have strong relationships with customers and we see that momentum there picking up. So I'm not going to speculate here with specific the elements of when some of those orders converts, but what I'll tell you as I look into the framework for a lot, '22 - '23 timeframe that's certainly a positive, there is good momentum. I am just not going to speculate in the elements of exactly when orders get finalized, but the momentum is there. Pipeline is stronger and we feel positive about growth in the international market moving forward.
Jerry Revich: And Rafael, just to clarify '22 - '23 timeframe, is that when you expect to deliver the locomotives or when you expect the firm orders?
Rafael Santana: No, we expect the firm orders this year. So that's more of an element of delivery as you look into the future. So that's why I don't want to speculate how much it goes into the specifics of next year or 2023, but it's a positive as I look at it and those are units that we will largely be building in that timeframe.
Jerry Revich: Terrific, thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning.
Rafael Santana: Morning.
Allison Poliniak: I just want to go back to the digital businesses for you, obviously it sounds like a lot of momentum is building back sort of post this COVID lull. I guess one question, you had mentioned, the thought behind building that recurring revenue, how big is that as a percentage of digital today and I think as you enter this year you're expecting digital to be flat, is that still the case with the momentum really impacting next year more importantly? Any thoughts there?
Rafael Santana: So, Allison, when you look at the recurring revenue, I go back couple years ago This was in the teens, I look at it today, it's above 20% and I think the team is continuing to work on that regard. So I think just more recurring revenues as a function of that. I think some of the challenges tied to the year is really getting orders that you can convert in the year. So I think we still have some challenges in the year in terms of increasing the revenue in any significant manner. But it feels very positive in terms of the multi-year orders we've been able to get for the past three quarters. I mean, our book-to-bill has been well above one and I think that translates into growth for the business going unto next year and beyond. I think we've often talked about growing two to three times faster on that segment, and that's a story that doesn't change. As you look into -- also the other comment I made with regards to battery electric, that's such a critical portfolio in terms of how you manage a comp sys. I think you will have the opportunity to hear more on it but I think you will need our portfolio of Trip Optimizer with Zero-to-Zero to ultimately make sure that you're really taking advantage of improved fuel savings moving forward.
Allison Poliniak: Great, that's helpful. And then you made a comment about projects being pushed to the right a little bit more to in general. We've heard that I would say across manufacturing complex, do you feel like people are getting a better handle on where you're seeing more conversion on time as we enter the back half or does this feel like it's going to be an ongoing situation where it could continue to get pushed into maybe next year even?
Rafael Santana: Might - again as we look into the year we feel confident, otherwise we wouldn't have raised the guidance overall, and as we look into the dynamics going into next year, it really points out to a profitable growth year for us. I think the elements here of projects, I think we - why don't you talk about transit, why don't you talk about freight in transit. We see largely authorities and governments committed to invest in the transit system. So that continues. We haven't really seen again any cancellations or anything like that. If anything, I think there is opportunity for growing momentum there, especially as you look at a number of stimulus packages going across. And on freight my comment here, sometimes more on the elements of the timing of orders, I mean it's certainly I'd say requires more I think negotiations, than some of the elements of North America but positive momentum forward.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect, thanks. I'll pass it along.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you. So on the synergies front, I think most of your synergies have been on the cost side from the deal so far and that's understandable given that you guys inherited a backlog from GE. But as you take in more new orders, are you finding opportunities on the revenue synergy front?
Rafael Santana: Yes, we are. And it's really one that goes into various areas. I'll start with transit. I think some of the relationships that we've had with the broader company, it is allowing us to grow our share into some markets that traditionally we would not be present, and I think that's a positive and we are seeing the opportunity here to be early on, on projects we expect in and to really work on what I will call a category of products that we are able to supply into transit. It's certainly true also for a number of regions. So what if I think about Eastern Europe, what if I think about Russia and CIS, those are areas that traditionally we've had a very strong footprint strong relationships with customers and you see that as a function of opportunities for us to grow transit faster and more profitably as well. I think on the freight side, I think some of those, we've talked about it in the past. There's certainly an opportunity for us to continue to do that and a piece of that is also looking at taking advantage of competitors platforms and being able to implement some of the elements of mods and things like that, which were capabilities that we brought with merger of the company. So you'll see more of that and opportunities for us to be expanding our solutions into other competitive platforms.
Matt Elkott: Got it. So, Rafael, you do think that Wabtec legacy content in new locomotive orders should be higher than pre deal and for new order?
Rafael Santana: Short answer is yes, it should, and especially as you look at like new platforms that we're launching, we're certainly taking advantage of a lot of this, I'll call core technologies that really ultimately guarantee the value for the customer. So if you think about core, we call them vital organs, I think that has expanded and those platforms largely will reflect that. So it's a growing penetration of our products into these future platforms.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And just my second question on the Infrastructure Bill. Sorry if I missed any commentary you made, but as you know the $550 billion Infrastructure Bill took a step forward yesterday, I think there is about $100 billion for rail and public transit. Can you talk about any potential benefits for you guys from this?
Rafael Santana: Well, the sector will benefit from the build, this is a positive for Wabtec, I think there is a couple of opportunities here on both fronts, I think certainly in transit, I think we'll see some of that reflected in terms of some of the opportunities we have, but also on the freight side as we talk about some of the technology development, those are some of the discussions that continue in terms of really government supports to accelerate some of the elements of decarbonization and efficiency for our customers. So we see it largely as positive news and something that will benefit rail and will benefit us.
Matt Elkott: Great. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger: Hey thanks, Rafael you brought up how things can be lumpy quarter to quarter. Should we be thinking Q4 sees the typical step up in revenue and EPS from Q3 or can you just talk about back half cadence?
Rafael Santana: So I'd be thinking about sequential improvements as you go into the second half of the year. There is of course an element sometimes of seasonality between third and fourth quarter, traditionally we would have seen third quarter, I'm going to call especially stronger with some of the elements of the mix, but I'll call sequential improvement. Pat..
Pat Dugan: Yes, I think if you go back, we're still seeing some disruption, a little bit in the normal seasonality because of everybody coming off of COVID, but if you go back to '19 and even before you would see third quarter was really usually strong in the freight services side. It kind of ties to our customers maintenance cycle and when they do things. Meanwhile, in the fourth quarter, there is usually some strength in the transit aftermarket business. So all those things are going to play out here in the second half of the year. I think we have a lot of confidence in what the second half will look like. There is still looking at sequential improvement but considering those things might be coming back to more normal situations.
Steve Barger: So just so I understand, sequential improvement meaning Q3 better than Q2 and Q4 better than Q3 this year?
Pat Dugan: That's our expectation, yes.
Steve Barger: Okay, got it.
Rafael Santana: From an EPS perspective. Yes.
Pat Dugan: From an EPS perspective, correct.
Steve Barger: Sure. And if I model out to the midpoint of your guide I get mid 15% range operating margin, which gives about a low 20% incremental for the year. Can you tell us what the impact of mix or unusual items were this year in terms of margin impact, relative to your original thinking? And just remind us how we should think about incremental margin going forward in an environment where you can drive high single-digit growth?
Rafael Santana: So, here I'll emphasize the element that we will expand margins this year and we'll continue to expand as we go into next year, I think it would be worth taking some time offline with you just walk you through some of these elements as mix certainly plays out through especially the element here of the year per se, but that's variation on quarter-over-quarter. I think, again 50 basis points, margin improvement going into the second half of the year. We're going to be better than the 50 basis points and profitable growth ahead. Pat?
Pat Dugan: Yes, I understand your math. I think you just want to factor in the full-year impact in that you're going to have some variation quarter to quarter. We don't give quarterly guidance on margin percentages, but really focus on the full year in the impact of all the cost and productivity savings and synergy savings as well as sales mix and how that would impact us.
Steve Barger: Yes, that's really the motivation of the question is thinking about annuals on a go forward basis, which is to say if we're in an environment where you can drive high single-digit growth in the future, and as you think about your backlog mix, can you do better than a low 20% incremental for a full year?
Rafael Santana: So the short answer is, in terms of incrementals, yes we expect that.
Steve Barger: Got it.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I think the volumes. I mean, I think we demonstrated on the variations in the past and with the increasing revenue and absorption, you get those kinds of contribution margin you are talking about.
Steve Barger: And I know we're late in the call, can I ask a quick one for Eric or if there is someone behind me, I'll just jump out of queue.
Rafael Santana: Go ahead .
Steve Barger: Okay. Yes. Slide 13 is great for showing us the technology progression to carbon zero locomotives, I know you're inventing a lot of this, so it's hard to predict timing but any best guess on timing for battery electric lead and then hydrogen, are we talking five years, ten years?
Eric Gebhardt: So when we look at the battery electric coming off the successful testing that we did out in California, we're already in the process of quoting the battery electric and should be shipping in '23 is kind of the timeframe we're looking at there, so that should be getting out there in '23. And that will come with the lead capability and what I mean by the lead capability is that it won't have to run in a comp sys between two diesel electric, you can have multiple battery electric working together at that point. So we are very proud of moving forward on that. And then, the hydrogen will lag by a couple of years behind that. There's more invention happening in the hydrogen, but when you look at what we're doing with GM right now, that's accelerating us both on the batteries, as well as the hydrogen side there. And then, I think one of the key points also is that, we're also developing all the elements around it. It's a system that really works together. So, the battery system working with the power conversion working with Trip Optimizer to optimize all of that, even the braking, working the braking in there so that you can capture as much energy as possible and that's how we get to the 30% emissions and 30% fuel improvement.
Steve Barger: So if I'm hearing you right, it sounds like you expect a hydrogen freight locomotive in this decade.
Eric Gebhardt: Yes, in the next few years.
Steve Barger: Great. All right, thanks.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup.
Chris Wetherbee: Hi guys. James Ronnigan on for Chris, I think you talked about 50 basis points margin expansion in the back half, I was wondering if you could talk about your expectation for margin expansion in the back half of three and then understanding how much of that might be due to mix or the flow through synergies or anything else?
Rafael Santana: So when you think about margin expansion, we have not breaking that out on freight, We haven't guided that specifically but for transits we have guided to 100 basis points and we continue to be on that track. So that's part of the guidance, that includes continue to expand transit margins year-over-year by more than 100 basis points for this year. And on freights, we've also, I think being very clear about margin expansion there to, so I think that 50 basis points towards more to really make sure we give a framework of how we expect margins to grow into the second half of the year with greater than 50 basis points overall expansion when you look at the segments combined.
Chris Wetherbee: Got it. And then there was a stark improvement in services revenue and I think you've called out the un-parking of equipment had a lot to do with that. Just wondering, could you give us an understanding of like what the business is running at in July so far, maybe in June with the amount of un-parking and equipment that's come out of storage, so far. And then just maybe sort of understand how essentially as activity picks up, do you expect sort of the services revenue to accelerate through the back half.
Pat Dugan: So the un-parkings really haven't commented on anything specifically. We see these locomotives coming back into service. I mean it very much correlates exactly with the overall freight traffic for the North America, really to not something that to comment on and like in July or anything like that as you asked but we just see this trend to continue, and it gives us a lot of confidence and a lot of visibility as to the strength of what's going to happen with our freight services business.
Rafael Santana: Maybe just to add on, in terms of rebound. I mean we expect more of a gradual pace here into the second half of the year. So the comps are again different. I think one of the things that we're seeing is a stronger demand for reliable power and the newer locomotives are running and running. I'm going to call, harder, so more megawatt hours. So that's what I think largely drives a continuation of some of the dynamics you see in services. So we see stronger services ahead, not necessarily a slowdown going into the second half.
Chris Wetherbee: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: This will conclude our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Irene . Thank you to everyone participation today. We look forward to talking with you and speaking with you through the quarter. Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 15:27:08) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Wabtec Q1 2021 Earnings Call. All participants are in listen-only mode.  After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note that this event is being recorded. I'd like to turn the conference call over to Miss Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtec's first quarter 2021 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, Pat Dugan; and Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today. Turning to slide three, we continue to see a recovery across the global freight and transit rail markets, with North American freight volumes and equipment utilization sequentially improving in the first quarter, and investments in transit infrastructure are continuing. This directional trends along with the focus performance of our team and execution against our strategic plan are reflected in our first quarter results. Total sales for the quarter were $1.8 billion. This was largely driven by international freight markets services and a recovery in transit, but offset by continued weakness in the North America OEM market. Adjusted operating margin was 15.1%, driven by lean initiatives, cost actions and favorable mix from mining and mods. Cash conversion was strong, with cash flow from operations of $292 million. Cash generation was due in large part to good working capital management, allowing us to deliver on our financial priorities, including strategic acquisition of Nordco, which I'll touch upon more in a moment. Total multiyear backlog was $21.7 billion, up sequentially over the prior quarter, providing us better visibility into 2021 and beyond. Overall, we ended the quarter with adjusted EPS of $0.89, a strong enforcement that our teams are continuing to take the necessary steps to control what we can deliver long term growth of the company and increase shareholder value. In the area of synergies, we're on track to deliver the full run rate of $250 million in synergies this year, and we have positioned the company for long term profitable growth. In the first quarter, we exited all shared service agreements stemming from the huge transportation merger ahead of schedule. This was a tremendous execution by the team on a complex transaction.
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Rafael, and good morning everyone. We had a solid operational start to the year despite the challenges in our North America, OEM markets and ongoing disruption from the pandemic. We demonstrated our ability to deliver on synergies, generate cash flow, invest for the future, and position Wabtec for profitable growth. Turning to slide four, our view of the first quarter in more detail. Sales for the first quarter were $1.8 billion, which reflects a 5% decrease versus the prior year, driven by lower North America OE freight markets as a result of the disruption caused by the pandemic. For the quarter, operating income was $192 million, and adjusted operating income was $277 million, which was down 9% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income, excluded pre-tax expenses of $85 million, of which $70 million was for non-cash amortization and $15 million of restructuring and transaction costs related to the acquisition of Nordco, along with restructuring due to the 2021 locomotive volumes and restructuring in our UK operations. Adjusted operating margin was 60 basis points lower than the first quarter last year, but up 110 basis points from the fourth quarter. Versus last year, adjusted operating margin was impacted by under-absorption costs at our manufacturing facilities, stemming from fewer locomotive deliveries, as well as sales mix impacted from lower digital electronics and a higher level of transit sale. At March 31st, our multiyear backlog was $21.7 billion, up quarter-over-quarter, a rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multi-year, was $5.7 billion and continues to provide good visibility into the year. Looking at some of the detailed line items for the first quarter, adjusted SG&A declined to 2% year-over-year to $224 million. This was the result of cost actions during the downturn, and excludes $11 million of restructuring and transaction expenses. SG&A expense benefited from headcount reductions and the realization of synergies.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Pat. Turning to slide eight, let's look at some of the market dynamics by segments. Overall, we're seeing a gradual recovery across most end markets as global economic activity improves. And we're continuing to monitor the evolving COVID situation in regions like India. This aligns with what you've heard from our customers, as well. While we continue to work through the trough in the North American market, where new local orders remain stagnant, we are encouraged by the sequential improvement in freight volumes and a broad recovery across the agriculture, intermodal and industrial markets. Locomotive parking after peaking to a record high in 2020 are improving as a result of increased freight traffic and demand stemming from weather disruptions during the quarter. We expect the demand for reliability and productivity to improve as railroads continue to recover. This will put us in a position of strength across our freight portfolio. When it comes to North America rail car build, rail cars are coming back into use, more than 20% of the North American rail car fleet remains in storage, but it's back to pre-COVID levels. Industry orders for new rail cars remain weak and forecast estimate the rail car build this year to be below 30,000 cars. We have a strong order pipeline internationally, and we expect long term revenue growth in several of these markets going forward. And in mining, market conditions are also improving. Transitioning to the transit sector, ridership is uneven, but recovering as economies open up. We are watching short term dynamics as the pandemic evolves in several geographies, including India and Europe. Overall, the long term market drivers for passenger transport remains strong and infrastructure spending for green initiatives continues to be a focus, especially as governments globally turn to rail for clean, safe and efficient transport. Turning to guidance for the year. We are updating our sales guidance to $7.7 billion to $7.9 billion and updating adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $4.05 to $4.30. This largely reflects upside from the acquisition of Nordco, our operational execution to date, and visibility to backlog. Consistent with our initial forecast for 2021, with more growth weighted to the second half of the year, we expect second quarter earnings only slightly higher than the first quarter. This is in line with the positive and gradual trend in our freight markets. That said, we are seeing disruption from the resurgence of COVID, especially in a key region for us like India, and we will continue to take swift and necessary action as conditions evolve. Finally, we remain confident in delivering strong cash generation for the year, as well as margin expansion to prioritize cost actions. Turning to slide nine, and to conclude, I'm proud of the strong execution by the team in the first quarter, despite a challenging environment. As we go forward, we will continue to lean into the strong long-term fundamentals of the company and remain committed to executing on our strategic plan. This includes reducing costs and executing on synergies, driving margin expansion across our freight and transit segments, generating strong cash flow, and delivering long term profitable growth. As we've said before, Wabtec's mission holds a larger purpose, to move and to improve the world. And our teams globally live up to this mission every day. After demonstrating a strong performance in 2020, and in the first quarter of 2021, I'm confident that this company will drive profitable long term growth and be a leader in transitioning our customers and the industry to a more sustainable future. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions.  We are now ready for our first question.
Operator:  First question comes from Jerry Revich, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi everyone, this is  for Jerry Revich. With investments stepping up in the decarbonization product portfolio, I'm wondering if you can provide any details on the proportion of total R&D related to next generation fuel technologies?
Rafael Santana: We're continuing to step up investments there. And I think we've been clear around the 6% to 7% range of investments tied to the overall sales. We're very much committed to lead the path here to decarbonization. We're working on a number of areas with customers, those include really developing some of the elements of upgrade kits. We're working on a number of areas to introduce biofuels, renewable fuels, but taking all the way to electric. And we're also, of course, working along the lines to lead in fuel sales. And that's kind of the stairway we see on progressing through it.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, and then, I'm just wondering if you can comment on the pace of mods activity and sort of how that's trending in 2021, how that compares to 2020?
Rafael Santana: We've had a significant step up, healthy double digit growth, you see that reflected in the first quarter where we have significant positive from that and we believe mods will continue to be an area of growth for us. It's clearly a pathway for us to introduce, what I call, upgrades into the fleet and make them more fuel-efficient, make them safer, and more overall, just efficient.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Justin Long of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long : Thanks, and good morning. I wanted to ask about the guidance. And I was curious if you could share the revenue and EPS impact that you're baking in from the Nordco acquisition this year? And if you set that acquisition aside, can you just talk from a high level about any other changes that you've made to some of the assumptions that are underlying that 2021 guidance?
Rafael Santana: Let me start and then I'll let Pat continue, but we have narrowed the guidance. We have raised the midpoints given the strong operational strikes of the year, I think in the quarter the positives include mining, executional modernizations. And so, we continue to see strong numbers around locomotives being on part and we also have the acquisition of Nordco. At the same time, Justin, we continue to see supply chain headwinds, with disruptions driven by COVID. I think most impactful is situation we currently have in India, which we're falling on, but certainly had wins when it comes to transportation costs, and commodity prices over all of that is reflected in the guidance we've provided. I'd say, overall momentum is positive. And we are continuing to see a gradual recovery across most of our end markets.
Pat Dugan: Hey, Justin. So this is Pat. We're similar to what we had disclosed when we did the earnings -- the press release on the Nordco acquisition, about $175 million of sales on an annual basis and $14 million of EBITDA for on an annual basis. So we bought it basically at the end of the first quarter, beginning of second quarter. So it kind of pro rata for the rest of the year. The EPS impact, we've talked about it, is around $0.06 for the full year. So, that's included in the guidance and gave us a lot of the confidence, obviously, to increase the bottom end of the range. Plus, some of our good performance so far ultimately where we got it today.
Justin Long: Okay, great. That's helpful. And secondly, I wanted to follow up, Rafael, on something you mentioned a couple times on parked locomotives. Could you give us a sense for how locomotive utilization has recently trended? And what percentage of the fleet is still in storage today? And then also, as you answer that, I'm curious what percentage of that stored fleet you feel like is actually usable, because on the rail car side we always hear that we're effectively fully utilized with, call it, mid-teens, maybe low teens percentage of that fleet and storage? So we'd love to get your thoughts around that.
Rafael Santana: So just overall, the industry is not back to pre-COVID levels yet, from just the locomotive parkings perspective, we're still good with the progress especially regarding our fleets. I think we're ahead of the overall industry, which is a positive for us, when we look at our overall fleets operating globally. So that's certainly a positive trend. So you still have a little bit, I think last from units that were part, what are called post-COVID. Now, and when you look at the unit storage part, pre-COVID, those units, it's a smaller number that can potentially be utilized in here. So I think momentum is positive, we're going to continue to watch that closely here, especially as we're going to the second half of the year. And we're especially pleased with the performance we're having with customers in terms of reliability and availability, which ultimately is really the differentiator for us to winning more share of wallet. So, positives. The last piece out mentioned, you've probably seen a number of customers are looking for, what I call, spare power available out there, including some recent announcements, I'll say the good news is, those are Wabtec locomotives, it's  positive for us.
Justin Long : Great, that's helpful. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Operator: Next question from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group : Hey, thanks, good morning. Just going back to the guidance here. So it looks like you're assuming the second half is about 30% higher than the first half of the year from an earnings standpoint, give or take, and we don't typically see that level of seasonality. Can you just help us understand what's driving such a big ramp in the second half of the year?
Rafael Santana: Scott, I think consistent with initial forecasts we have for 2021, we have more growth weighted to the second half of the year. I think in that regard, we're continuing to see sequential improvements in the first quarter. If you think about your orders to book to bill, it's increased to 1.2, some of these are multiyear orders, while there's an impact in 2021, the impact goes beyond 2021. I think our pipeline of deals has continued to strengthen, so I think there's just good momentum coming out of a tough year being last year and we have also good progress quarter today. Our 12 month rolling backlog is up about 3.5%, and we've got good momentum and to focus really on convertibility of our pipeline of orders into this year and building forward. I think just start with regards to second quarter May day  is -- we -- as previously discussed, I think we've got some elements of volatility, especially tied to COVID disruptions. We think those are contained very much into the quarter. But that's the situation we'll continue to monitor, especially with regards to India, which is important market for us.
Scott Group : Okay, just a follow up there. So is the second half more about transit or freight or domestic versus international? Just some additional color would be great.
Rafael Santana: I think international markets continue to be robust, if you think about it, just in terms of sales, we've grown our business more internationally than in the US. So I think largely the North American market is going to be tied to the continued on parking of locomotives. Internationally, I think growth has been, call it, more robust in some ways, the team is very much focused on convertibility, we've got some very foreign opportunities around the OE side that teams working to convert between here second and third quarter. So, those are critical elements of continuing to build profitable growth.
Scott Group: Would you say international is back at pre-COVID levels?
Rafael Santana: I'd say largely, when you think about the services from ; Scott, I think there's room for a lot more momentum forward. And if you think about it, on how much of our business was, let's say, last year, international versus now, it's gained about five basis points in terms of momentum there. So you think about it, we're probably at a rate close to 65% in the first quarter with international. So that gives you a sense of our both the strength there, but the weakness in North America.
Scott Group: Okay, thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Next question is from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask you about freight and maybe how we can think about in the context of that ramp in the second half of the year, how do you think about sort of incremental margins in that business? I know you have the synergies that you're working through, but fixed costs absorption, obviously, has been one of the challenges for you as the volume and revenue dynamic has been more challenging over the course of the last several quarters. So is that something where we could see potentially somewhat large snapback as we move into the second half of the year?
Rafael Santana: Let me answer in two ways. Number one, we are committed to improve margins on both the freight and the transit side. On the transit side, I think we've been more clear in terms of what we expect that to be. And the team is certainly working towards striving 100 base points, we expect improvement on the freight side, we're working through some of those dynamics here, taking the necessary actions. When it comes to the OE sides, there's probably really not much opportunity in terms of really gaining volume for the year, but there's certainly opportunity when it comes to the services side. And we also have mining really improving overall. So mining is also a positive here for us into the year. So that's just maybe the way to think about it.
Pat Dugan: Yes, Chris, what I keep reminding everybody is at quarter to quarter, there can be some margin impact from the timing of projects and the type of deliveries. But what you really need to look at the full year margin, and we talked about a transit improvement explicitly for the full company, at least a 40 basis point improvement in overall margin as we progress through the year, that's being driven by a combination of synergies being achieved, of the volumes coming back, offset a little bit by some cost and absorption items and normalization of our other costs in SG&A. But that overall improvement really is a year view and a full year view and should be considered.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate that. And then, just picking up on the synergy comment, obviously you have a target for this year. As you think beyond 2021, what do you think the opportunity is? Obviously, you've had the combined company now for a period of time, had the opportunity to kind of go through and see what the opportunities are? And obviously, it's been a challenging macro backdrop, to say the least. As we go into 2022 and maybe get on more firmer footing, can you give us a sense of what you think the potential sort of bigger-picture synergy opportunities might be?
Rafael Santana: I think I'll qualify those beyond this year last about synergies. I think we're really working hard to make sure that we progress with a lean culture approach. And I think there is a lot to be done there. I think we've started in a number of key and critical sites. And think more in terms of how we think about productivity gains, how we can change some of the work around really rationalizing our footprint, doing more, I think some of you think about acquisition of Nordco. I think it provides us a good opportunity to expand internationally and utilize that footprint of customers and a volume recovery will also be positive in that regard. So it's all around productivity, efficiency, really lean mindsets, and make sure that we drive productivity.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I would just add to that is, we've tried to be very disciplined about how we look at synergies and communicate that, because it was such a big part of the strategic rationale putting the companies together, but truthfully, the DNA of the company has always been about productivity gains, lean initiatives, all the things that Rafael just referred to, so we just continuously look at how we can improve margin going into future years.
Rafael Santana: Largely, if you think about our sites, there has been a focus here today, especially in 15 of them. We got to expand that to really drive broader impact in terms of productivity moving forward.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo, please go ahead. 
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Just turning to the digital side, you know, kind of like your comments suggested an incredibly active market and the guidance for flattish growth, it certainly leads to that as well. Could you maybe help us understand the progression of digital through the year to get to that flattish? I mean, it sounds like it's going to be a significantly stronger second half for you. Is this something where the time from order to I would say implementation is pretty short, that gives you that comfort here?
Rafael Santana : So Allison, I think we continue to see a strong commitment here from customers. We certainly saw that internationally. Our book-to-bill was strong on both fourth quarter of last year and first quarter this year. So that just provides back into what I just said. But customers, when you look at last year, they pushed out some of those investments due to COVID. With that being said both efficiency, productivity and safety remain an imperative. We expect those multi-year awards to continue. The team is very focused on compatibility for the year at this point. So with the strong book-to-bill we saw some of that impact beyond this year. So really a lot of focus on convertibility for this year at this point, we're continuing to invest in the business that business will continue to provide long term growth for us. I think there is more an element here of delay and keep in mind also the element of locomotives shipments. Whenever ship locomotives into North America that goes with the significant number what I call digital software and hardware. So with that drop, we're not seeing that. So that's another element of being packed that I just want to highlight.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. Thank you. And then just on the lines of locomotives, the flex drive, you know, that you completed the test in revenue service. You mentioned some interest in the locomotive, you know, how should we think about those in terms of the quality, the inquiries. Is something that, you know, could be revenue generating and sort of 22 whereas of more of a 23 timeframe for you?
Rafael Santana : Allison, interest is strong, we have proposals outs. That would not be an impact for next year specifically, but we expect a battery electric to be part of long term growth with the company. And so we see a number of areas where that could be applied. So we're having some strong discussions with customers. And this really combines with a strong focus from the ESG side. And I think the flash drive is very unique product to address these challenges. So I do expect that momentum to continue and we're working with customers and the number of pilots out there.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matt Alcott of Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Matt Alcott: Good morning. Thank you. So I think you're a backlog you're total backlog increased by $80 million sequentially from December. But your 12 month backlog increased by about $186 million. So I was wondering if there was some pull forward from the out years or if he has had any cancellations in the years that were more than offset by new orders for the next 12 month if that makes any sense? 
Rafael Santana : We let me start with the end part of your question. So we have not had cancellations. Yet, I think we're continuing to see momentum on both segments, where it fits freight and whether it fits transits. Of course, there's an element of projects into our business, which can lead to some lumpiness on quarter-by-quarter, but momentum is good. We see that with the book-to-build in quarter today. So we've also had, I think, a good momentum to continue on that trend; that's kind of that.
Pat Dugan: Yes, so I would also there's an element of FX that impacted the backlog number. And, you know, if you imagine that our international operations are more multiyear projects, and the International impact of those can be spread out over a longer period of time. And we have foreign exchange hurt, our backlog number by about $170 million. And so I think that FX impact is more overly weighted into the full number, not the 12 month number. 
Matt Alcott: That's helpful. And then just for my second question. It's been over a year now, since the beginning of the pandemic. And there were a lot of concerns about the long term prospects of transit, patent referral. Now, you know, do you have any more clarity from your conversations with customers about a potential secular shift in transit long term?
Rafael Santana : We're seeing both customers and governments very committed to transit overall. So with that, just reiterating no cancellations of orders received projects. So moving forwards, you see very much systems continue to operate. And that's shown in the resilience of our service numbers. On the top of that, I think we're continuing to see just transit part of the solution in terms of how you de-carbonize things moving forward, I think there's a number of improvements being thought through but strong fundamentals for that business moving forward.
Matt Alcott: Thank you very much.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question from Ari Rosa, Bank of America. Please, go ahead.
Ari Rosa: Yes, hi. Good morning. So, you've mentioned COVID impacts in India and obviously, we're seeing regrettable surge in cases there. Maybe you could go into a little more detail around kind of what you're seeing there, what you think the potential impacts could be? And if you've had any discussions with customers there? I know, India has been a big focus area in terms of the growth. Do you see that kind of shifting the timeline there or the prospects?
Rafael Santana: Well, so first, no really chuffed in terms of the prospects as you look term. In fact, if you think about freight volumes in India, it's actually positive year to-date. So just give your perspective. This is really more tied to disruptions associated with lockdown, certainly impacting our suppliers, sub-suppliers, our customers as well. We're following up that closely to this point. We see it more as an impact, potentially to the quarter. But we'll continue to monitor and take the necessary actions here and we'll report on any relevant changes.
Ari Rosa: Got it, understood. Very helpful. And then just if we could return to kind of the North American market, maybe you could give your latest thoughts on where we are in terms of emerging from a cycle, compared to past cycles. How do things look in terms of the timeline? Do you think by 2022, 2023, we could get back to kind of a more normalized rate of demand from customers? Or do you see this kind of lingering for longer?
Rafael Santana: It's good to see the momentum here. We're walking into the first half of the year. We are working with customers closely and watching on that momentum towards the second half of the year, which I think will be determinant in terms of how customers will think about their fleet strategies, which will include contributing  modernizations are certainly opportunities here for parts as they continue to consider on parking of units and new locomotives is also going to be part of the discussions with customers. So, I see that largely as a second half discussion based on concerning momentum for the first half of the year.
Ari Rosa: Between locomotives and rail cars, do you typically see one piece of that business lead the other?
Rafael Santana: I think it tends to be connected, but just could be  just tied to the levels of parking. If you think about freight cars, we're already back to pre-COVID levels. If you think from an overall locomotive fleet, we're not yet back to pre-COVID level. So, there could be some elements of delays there, which are sometimes really driven by just think about velocity and dwell times in the network, which ultimately could be determinant factors on these.
Ari Rosa: Got it. Great. Thank you for time.
Rafael Santana: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Saree Boroditsky at Jefferies. Please, go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Locomotives were down almost 6%  in the quarter and you know this is largely due to North American shipments. You've been positive on the long-term view of international locomotives. But just for clarity, were international locomotive also down in the quarter? And should they decline for the full year?
Rafael Santana: I think we're seeing more of growth opportunities when I think about the international markets. So, to your point, I think largely the impacts here in the quarter was driven by a drop by 50% on those. I think if you look at specially our equipment business, I think you've got to keep in mind that some of that we've been able to offset by really double-digit growth in mining. So that's being a positive and I think even more significant growth in our mods business. So, there's opportunities there.
Pat Dugan: So, Saree, just said specific to your question about the variance year-over-year is that we had a large number of international loco shipments in Q1 of 2020, specific to the Middle East. I think we've talked about this at various time. So we had an overweighting of the of the locos in the first quarter of last year versus this year. But our full year locomotive phasing for international purposes are going to be largely the same as for the full year.
Rafael Santana: And we've got long-term orders there tied to some key markets, which includes India, includes Brazil, includes Kazakhstan. So that's the audit I'll keep in mind.
Saree Boroditsky: Great. And then could you just provide a little bit more color on free margins? You've done a great job realizing synergies that are obviously being impacted by under absorption. When do you think you'd get back to 2019-levels? And what revenue do you need for that?
Pat Dugan: I think I don't know that we've talked about any kind of breakeven or kind of contribution margin impact. I think the way to look at it is that last year, the decremental margin on the lower volume was in the low 20% range. I think that you would imagine, you would expect that we would have a similar kind of impact with volume recovering. But you always have to consider the mix in the timing, and projects, how that volume comes back? Obviously services and parts and modernizations really are -- and digital electronics tend to be positive mix. Some of the OE elements of this can be below the company average. Ultimately, what we're focused on is that as we talked about earlier on the call, is that we're achieving synergies, driving lean initiatives, productivity gains and all the normal, continuous improvement-type activity that Wabtec has always focused on.
Rafael Santana: We're committed to improve margins across Wabtec and that includes on both segments for this year and that's really what we're driving forward going to next year as well.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay, but just given that service parts and modern digital are all positive to the margin mix, and you have synergies, is it fair to say that you should be able to reach 2019 margins on a lower revenue base?
Pat Dugan: I think at this point, to give that kind of guidance in when we would get to back to 2019 margin is a little early. But we're committed to that driving that margin up. I think that it's early in 2021 and we see a lot of really good things happening with the volume recovery and I think we've considered that in the guidance for the year.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Kristine Kubacki. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Nick. Thank you for everyone's participation today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Everyone, have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-18 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Wabtec Fourth Quarter 2020 Year-End Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note todays event is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference call over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Maam, please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtecs fourth quarter and full-year 2020 earnings call. Joining me this morning are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, Pat Dugan; and Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz. During our call today, we will be discussing earnings release that we issued earlier this morning. Our slides from today news release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Please note that some of the statements were making today are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see those disclosures in our earnings release, presentation and SEC filings. We will also be discussing non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. And now I will turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining todays call. Before we dive into the presentation, Id like to begin by thanking our global team for their resilience and strong performance in 2020. In a year challenged by the pandemic, they work tirelessly day in and day out to protect the charter and to keep our operations delivering for our customers. They remain disciplined on cost management, executed in the face of many challenges and help to strengthen our financial position and ultimately delivered results for our shareholders. Im proud of our team and the performance weve delivered as you can see on Slide 3. Total sales for the year were $7.6 billion. This was driven largely by international freight market services and a recovery in Transit, but offset by global disruption due to the pandemic. Adjusted operating margin was 15.1% driven by cost actions and execution on our synergies. In 2020, we exceeded expectations by delivering a 200 basis point margin improvement in Transit where our team continues to drive improved project execution, productivity, and cost actions. Total cash conversion was strong with cash flow from operations of $784 million, which included roughly $220 million in one-time impacts related to transaction, restructuring and litigation expenses. Cash generation was driven in part by good working capital management. These allowed us to deliver on our financial priorities of investing in the business, paying down more than $300 million in debt, which includes the tax obligation to General Electric and returning roughly $300 million of capital to shareholders. Total multi-year backlog was over $21 billion and up sequentially over the prior quarter providing us better visibility into 2021 and beyond. We ended the year with adjusted EPS of $3.79. Our teams continue to take action to manage whats in our control, perfect the long-term growth of the company and improve competitiveness while delivering shareholder value. In terms of synergies, weve delivered over $150 million in net synergies during 2020, and were on track to deliver the full run rate of $250 million in synergies in 2021. To achieve these goals, we are taking further actions on structural costs. In 2020, we reduced headcount by 12%. We drove a 10% reduction across our operational footprint, and we have started a lean reset across the company to remove waste, maximize competitiveness across our product lines and advance our culture of continuous improvement. Heres the GE Transportation merger, total rooftops have been reduced by more than 30% and total headcount by 16%. And today, we have accepted more than 90% of the GE shared services ahead of schedule. Throughout the year, we also never lost sight of investing in growth. We extended our leadership position in autonomous operations, helping more than 70 customers successfully meet the deadline for Positive Train Control. We also closed a strategic digital order for Trip Optimizer zero to zero. This is an advanced technology that allows a customer to start a train from zero miles per hour and stop the train automatically using various controls that are integrated with Positive Train Control. In 2020, we also further strengthen our role as leaders in decarbonizing global rail transportation by developing new technologies that reduce emissions and try fuel efficiency. We built, shift, and tested the worlds first heavy-haul battery electric locomotive. Were proud to share this locomotive is currently in revenue operating service with BNSF in California. And it will be a game changer in decarbonizing rail. In 2020, we extended battery technology to passengers as well by closing a significant deal with New York City Transit to drive down their overall carbon footprint. We have also reduced the weight, life cycle costs, and braking distance of a transit train with solutions like NaturoFlex for which we secured a key order in Singapore. And finally, we are improving air quality inside transit cars with the launch of BlueFilter and advanced air filtration system. And as we highlighted last quarter, our order pipeline could choose to strengthen. And we started to see that pipeline convert in the fourth quarter. Book-to-bill at the end of the quarter was 0.99 versus 0.89 in the third quarter. And we will continue to have positive momentum throughout 2021. Global freight volumes and equipment utilization have sequentially improved since the trough in the second quarter. And we are continuing to see uneven yet continued sequential recovery. This aligns with what youve heard from our customers as well. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we secured a strategic international locomotive order and throughout the year built on our strong install base closing several long-term service agreements. We have also expanded our global technology footprint in key regions like the Americas, Russia-CIS and India. Demand for reliability and productivity will only accelerate as we continue to differentiate Wabtec into market. Quarter to-date, we closed the significant multi-year order for modernizations and long-term service agreements. And were well-positioned for mods growth, overhauls and parts demand, especially as railroads recover. Based on these factors and orders Wabtec is in a strong position to drive profitable growth and continue to perform for our shareholders, for our customers and for our employees in the short and long-term. With that, Ill turn the call over to Pat who will review the quarter, segment performance and our overall financial position. Pat?
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Rafael, and good morning, everyone. Our execution through a very challenging year demonstrated our ability to move quickly to reduce costs, generate strong cash flow, strengthen our financial position, allocate capital and position Wabtec for long-term profitable growth. Now turning to Slide 4, Ill review the fourth quarter in more detail. Sales continue to recover sequentially in both Freight and Transit up 9% from the third quarter. Sales for the fourth quarter were $2 billion, which reflects a 15% decrease versus the prior year driven mainly from the disruption across our Freight and Transit segments caused by the pandemic. For the quarter, operating income was $161 million and adjusted operating income was $283 million, which was down 22% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income excluded pre-tax expenses of $122 million of which $71 million was for non-cash amortization and $51 million of cost related to one-time IT synergy related expenses along with restructuring due to 2021 locomotive volumes and restructuring in our UK operations. Adjusted operating margin was lower than the fourth quarter last year, mainly driven by under absorption costs at our manufacturing facilities stemming from roughly 40% fewer locomotive deliveries, as well as sales mix impacted from lower parts and higher level of Transit sales. During the fourth quarter, we took additional and aggressive operational and structural cost actions that will continue to drive margin improvement sequentially through 2021. Looking forward, we expect to seasonal first quarter with some volume impacts, as you ever heard our customers describe. That said for the full year, we expect sequential improvement to result in a higher adjusted operating margin and profitable growth across both our Freight and Transit segments. At December 31, our multi-year backlog was $21.6 billion, up about $200 million quarter-over-quarter or rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multi-year backlog was $5.5 billion and continues to provide good visibility into the year. Looking at some of the detailed line items for the fourth quarter adjusted SG&A expense declined 22% year-over-year to $205 million. This was the result of swift cost actions during the downturn and excludes $30 million of restructuring and transaction expenses. SG&A expense benefited from headcount reductions and the realization of synergies. Engineering expenses decreased from last year. This was largely due to lower volume outlook as well as some changes in project timing. Amortization expenses were $71 million. For 2021, we expect non-cash amortization expense to be about $280 million and depreciation expense of about $180 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.6%. We expect a full year 2021 effective tax rate of about 26%. In the fourth quarter, GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.46 and adjusted earnings per diluted share were $0.98. Now lets take a look at the segment results on Slide 5. Across the Freight segment, total sales decreased 20% from last year to $1.3 billion, but were up 8% sequentially from the third quarter as Freight end markets continue to recover globally. In terms of product lines, equipment sales were up sequentially from the third quarter, but down 32% year-over-year, mainly due to timing of locomotive deliveries, which we have discussed, can often vary quarter-to-quarter. In line with improving freight traffic, our services sales improved 7% sequentially, but were down slightly versus the same period last year. This was largely driven by lower parts sales due to continued high locomotive parkings, as well as the timing of overhauls. We expect our services sales to continue to improve with the gradual recovery in freight volumes, un-parking of locomotives and higher demand from mods. Digital electronics sales were down 22% year-over-year, as orders shifted to the right in North America due to COVID disruption. Yet we closed the fourth quarter with strong order momentum and continue to see significant pipeline of opportunities in our digital electronics product line, as customers focused on safety and improve productivity. Component sales were down 22% year-over-year. This is compared to a 58% lower railcar build year-over-year, demonstrating the diversification within our components business. Since the third quarter, we have seen signs of improvement in demand for aftermarket components as more railcars come out of storage. Freight segment adjusted operating income was $218 million for an adjusted margin of 16.3%. The benefit of synergies and cost actions were offset by sales mix and services and digital electronics, as well as under absorption of cost. As always, we will continue to execute on our synergy plans and further improve costs as part of our lean efforts. Finally, segment backlog was $17.9 billion, up slightly from the prior quarter. Turning to Slide 6, across our Transit segment, sales decreased 2% year-over-year to $684 million, driven largely by disruptions stemming from COVID-19. OE sales were up 2% year-over-year, demonstrating continued investments in green infrastructure. Aftermarket sales were down 6% from last year. However, we remain positive on the aftermarket and expect sales to continue to improve as transit ridership and services increased globally. Adjusted segment operating income was $77 million, which was up 40% year-over-year for an adjusted operating margin of 11.3%. Across the segment, we continue to drive down costs, improve project execution and risk management, as noted by our strong operating performance. We are pleased with the momentum underway and will continue to execute on more actions to drive increased profitability for the segment. Finally, Transit segment backlog was $3.7 billion, which was up about 5% versus last quarter. Now lets turn to our financial position on Slide 7. Despite a year of significant challenges, we generated $784 million of operating cash flow, demonstrating the resiliency of our business. Cash flow was driven by conversion of net income and good working capital management, including improved inventory levels and higher customer deposits. Of note, we had about $220 million of one-time impacts on cash flow during the year, mainly due to prior restructuring transaction and litigation charges. Restructuring costs in 2021 will result in further structural cost reductions, but we expect the overall level of one-time impacts to be less in 2021. For the full year, total CapEx was $136 million. In 2021, we expect CapEx to be about $180 million or about 2% of expected sales. Overall, our strong cash generation allowed us to execute on our strategic plans and capital allocation priorities. Throughout the year, we continued to strengthen our financial position and reduce debt by about another $190 million, bringing our total debt down by $723 million since the merger with GE Transportation. During the fourth quarter, we also made our first payment to GE of $115 million for our Tax Matters Agreement. Our adjusted net leverage ratio at the end of the fourth quarter was 2.7 times and our liquidity is at a robust $1.9 billion. Over the course of the year, we returned $300 million in capital to shareholders through dividends and share buyback. And as we announced this morning, our board approved a renewal on our share buyback authorization for up to $500 million. As you can see in these results, our balance sheet remains strong and we are confident we can continue to drive solid cash flow generation, giving us the liquidity and flexibility to allocate capital to grow shareholder value. With that, I will turn the call back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Pat. And turning to Slide 8, lets look at some of the segment dynamic setting to 2021. Starting with freight by product line. North America freight has mostly gone through a reset, our services business has recovered and were working through the trust in our OE business, due to locomotive deliveries are expected in North America in 2021. Total locomotive deliveries will be down roughly 35% year-over-year, driven mainly by North American locomotive deliveries down by more than 100 units versus 2020. This volume headwinds will create margin pressure due to under absorption at our manufacturing facilities. Our international pipeline remains strong and order momentum continues to build. In mining, were optimistic as conditions are continuing to improve. When it comes to North America railcar build, rail cars are coming back into use, roughly 24% of the North American railcar fleet still remains in storage, which is similar to a pre-COVID level. Builders are taking continued step to slow down production and forecast estimates that railcar build for this year to be around 25,000 cars. The freight services, we are seeing year-over-year pressure on parts, due to higher levels of parkings. Demand for reliability and productivity will improve as railroads continue to recover, which as I shared earlier, but as in a position of strength from modernizations, overhauls and parts demand. And digital electronics were focused on growing PTC internationally. In 2021, we have contracts to install over 3,000 horsepower per ton upgrades to our Trip Optimizer systems, our new record. While we anticipate North American CapEx budgets to remain constraint, the long-term outlook is strong. Now transitioning to transit, we expect to grow on both OE and aftermarket as ridership recovers from historic lows. Infrastructure spending will continue in line with green initiatives as governments continue the churn to rail as the cleanest, safest and the most efficient means of transport. And Ill expand on that in just a minute. For 2021, we expect revenues in a range of $7.6 billion to $7.9 billion. Adjusted EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.90 to $4.30 and cash conversion is expected to be greater than 90% for the full year. Across our segments, recovery is underway and will continue as customers experience volume growth and reinvest in their operations. Were seeing it already in some areas and we expect sequential improvements in both aftermarket services and international locomotives. In 2021, we expect orders to exceed anticipated sales, budding Wabtec in an even stronger position to drive profitable growth. With that, lets turn to Slide 9, to discuss the importance of sustainability and the strategic direction were driving as a company. At Wabtec, we are determined to have a lasting impact on our industry and the world. Last year, we launched the companys first sustainability report and provided a detailed look at how were building a more sustainable future by strengthening our corporate governance framework, which guides how we operate, how we innovate and how we drive growth. We also laid out our strategy on how were taking on some of the worlds toughest challenges, including climate change in automation by creating cleaner, more fuel efficient solutions, like the FLXdrive locomotive. As noted earlier, this is the worlds first battery electric locomotive. And its currently being tested in revenue service by BNSF in California. So far, were seeing opportunity to reduce fuel consumption by 10% to 30% with significant interest from customers in North America and internationally. Were also reducing our own carbon footprint, driving down energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions across our facilities. When it comes to our employees, were building a company culture grounded in meritocracy and integrity, one that embraces diversity in all forms and invest in its people and communities. To deliver on this vision, we outlined specific targets for how we plan to drive measurable impact. Our 30 by 30 strategy sets define matrix to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and more by at least 30% by 2030, making our commitment clear to both for our customers and our shareholders. We are making good advancement on these efforts, as you can see here and throughout our report. As we continue to build and even stronger Wabtec, we will be a driving force in transitioning to industry to a more sustainable future. And with that, lets turn to Slide 10. As youve heard this morning, our strategic plan has empowered us to innovate and has given us a clear framework to execute on our commitments, to generate strong cash flow and to drive continued shareholder value. And it will continue to guide us as we expand our international install base, as we accelerate growth in digital electronics and services, while farther transforming our transit business. We are two years into our integration. We have delivered on our synergies. We have delivered on increased shareholder value and weve positioned Wabtec in our customers for competitive advantage. Heading into 2021, we will drive margin expansion through prioritized cost actions and continue to invest in growth, creating new technologies that strengthen our leadership position on decarbonization and automation with the same determination and focus that has brought us here today. Before I turn the call over to questions, I want once again, personally, thank every member of the Wabtec team for what they have delivered in 2020 and the works they will continue to deliver in 2021. Thank you. And with that, Kristine.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Raphael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do, out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. With that operator, we are now ready to take our first question
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our first question comes from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Just want to go back to the comments around the new  I guess, the new locomotive, the electric locomotive, obviously understanding the North America market is pretty challenge right now. Could you maybe walk us through the process from pilot? I know, you said theres interest. This is something that would be revenue generating in 2022. Just trying to think of how that progression would work.
Rafael Santana: Okay. Allison, fuel is one of the biggest costs for our customers, Id say, they are heavily focused on driving fuel efficiency across your operations. This combined with the growing focus on ESG and the need for decarbonization, I think positions the FLXDrive as a unique product to really address this challenges. Were actively working with customers in North America and internationally between sort of this technology and their operations. Proposals are out, but we do not have sales of this product into a 2021 or 2022 at this point.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then just on Transit, theres a lot of obviously news around government fund in the U.S., its a little less clear whats going on internationally. Any color that you can provide just sort of where we are in terms of that type of funding internationally for you guys.
Rafael Santana: Allison, were seeing  I would say continued commitments to Transit overall, in terms of transportation. And were saying called the continuation of projects. We have not seen cancellations at this point. In fact, we have a lot of discussions regarding new projects with our customers.
Allison Poliniak: I guess, its just in line with that  would you say, theres some accelerated discussions based on potential government funding or municipal funding outside of the international markets kind of similar to what were seeing here or is it a little different?
Rafael Santana: I think the intensity is growing in the light of well recovering in the markets and I think on the auto side, we seeing our business to stay quite resilient through this time.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Long from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Justin Long: Thanks and good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Justin Long: Wanted to start with a question on the Freight segment. So freight margins declined sequentially in the fourth quarter. It looks like, this was mainly a function of mix, but I was wondering if you could provide any color on anything else that drove that sequential weakness. And then looking ahead to 2021, I think Pat, you said margins for both segments should improve, but I was wondering if you could provide any more color about the magnitude of improvement by segment thats baked into this guidance. Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Let me start Justin, Ill pass it on to Pat here. But in the fourth quarter, number one, we had a very significant drop in locomotive production. As we go into 2021, we have about a 35% reduction in locomotive volumes, which means no deliveries for North America. And thats the first time it happens in decades. So we went through a significant restructuring and a couple of facilities in the U.S. that drove under absorption in efficiencies in the quarter with a lower margin rate. We have taken the necessary cost actions in the fourth quarter with significant headcount reductions and we will continue to drive profitable growth, thats we go into 2021. Mix was also a headwind and that was a function just some of the elements, if you look at byproduct line, youd think about transit. Aftermarket was actually declines versus a year ago with all we growing and you have some moderate dynamics with both equipment coming down. We put significant step down in locomotive shipments in the quarter and you also had a significant drop into digital electronics revenues.
Pat Dugan: Yes. Just let me add on to that. I mean, the impact in the fourth quarter is really a result of those low locomotive deliveries and we see that continuing into next year. When you look at the full year for next year, youre asking about kind of guidance or view into the segment margins. We typically havent given a lot of information about segment margins in the guidance, but I think if you look at the full year, the full Wabtec view, we expect to be in that with the guidance to be in above 15% kind of range, which is flattish and improving into from 2020 into 2021. Were committed to the margin improvement on the transit side, like, weve talked about in the strategic goals we put out there. And we see the freight margins to improve as we continue to get our synergies that weve talked about as we benefit from the cost actions weve taken both in the full year and in the fourth quarter on the freight businesses and seeing the mix of business really heading in our favor.
Justin Long: Okay, great. Thats helpful. And for my second question, I was wondering what youre assuming for rail volumes in 2021. And if you anticipate your aftermarket business to kind of trend in line with whatever youre modeling in. And then on buybacks, also curious if thats something thats getting factored into this outlook.
Rafael Santana: Let me start with the last parts. Buybacks are not included and guidance were providing at this point, Justin. Even though, it is an element of capital allocation as we look forward. The second piece in terms of just the dynamics, I think we are continuing to see sequential improvement. In the fourth quarter, we saw book-to-bill that increased the 0.99, and thats an improvement versus the average for the year, which was around 0.91. As we had said, I think our pipeline of deals continues to strengthen, were off to a strong starter for the year. And as we looking to the elements of whats taking place, I think there could be some tailwinds associated with the dynamics were currently seeing that to some of the elements of weather and services deterioration.
Justin Long: Okay. Ill leave it at that. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: Im wondering if you could talk about, Rafael, your views on alternative fuel locomotives longer term. How attractive you expect hydrogen powered battery fuel cell locomotives to be for the industry. And can you talk about your investments in that area versus battery electric and any of the other areas that you folks are spending R&D dollars on?
Rafael Santana: So were stepping up our investments in that area. We call it the decarbonization product portfolio. And in our minds, it starts with really the ability to improve fuel efficiency for customer on existing platforms. So that was our upgrades. Theres a second element that ties it off with the adoption of more biofuel and renewable fuel. So that builds on that stairway. I think, theres a nodder element here, which is tied to just continue to modernize. So the fleets and youve got a still a lot of opportunities to replace three units with two, theres the element here of battery technologies, which will and can be a game-changer. And you need that in order to actually drive to the next level, which is they use a fuel cell. So thats how we see the stairway. I think were well positioned to lead in all the elements of that stairway. Thats been continued work from us and youll see us continue to step up investment on that area.
Jerry Revich: Okay, thank you. And then on the integration and nice to see the $250 million number for 2021 under tough circumstances. Can you just talk about, are there any costs to achieve numbers that are running through the P&L and your adjusted earnings number of things like double counting essentially for support costs between a shared services for GE and you folks, anything thats happening like that in 2021 that we should be thinking about as we think about the margin structure in 2022?
Pat Dugan: Yes, Jerry, so the  in 2020, there was obviously cost to separate and we would capture those in our restructuring and transaction costs when we report our numbers. We had  there were expenditures in order to stand up our own systems and achieve synergies related to separation from GE and get out from the transition service agreements. We had some of those costs come through in the fourth quarter too. And we expect to see some of those going into 2021, but to start to really slow down and get the full benefit. Were also  and we have not included that in our guidance. We will treat them the same as we have in 2020. And then when you look into 2021, those efforts are really starting to be behind us. Were starting to get the full benefit. We have additional synergy projects that will get us $250 million run rate by the end of the year. And but the cost to achieve those synergies will really slow.
Jerry Revich: Just to make sure, Im on the same page with you and the cost to achieve youre treating as non-recurring items anyways. So there was no impact on
Pat Dugan: Exactly. And weve been  same manner that weve been treating them since the combination in 2019.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Rob Wertheimer: Just a little bit of a question on the freight international demand, I wonder if you could characterize it thats a little bit broad-based or just a customer too. And then within that, you touched on mining, I dont know where mining demand stands now, and whether thats on the come active dialogue or further head. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: We had mentioned before, I think the recovery, especially, on the equipment side, its clearly taking place first internationally. We have gotten a significant order as a result of that in the fourth quarter. Were continuing discussions and were seeing some bright spots there. Whether if you think about that you just mentioned mining or if you think about agriculture exports, we certainly see that in both South America, we see that in Australia, but overall Southeast Asia, were quite active there, Russia CIS region. And were continuing to expand on delivering our fleet in India as well. But just on mining more specifically, its certainly I think a bright spot for us as we look into the year.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Scott Group: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So you made a comment about first quarter seasonality would just be a bit more color there. Can you just talk about it at a high level, if you get a big infrastructure package? What  how do you staying to benefit from that? One of the key things will either be beneficiaries, if its house be go out and participate in their actually high level outcome that. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Scott, let me start with the last part of your question. I think we are a unique inflection point here to help shape, what I call, a clean energy economy focused around rail. Rail is the most sustainable way of moving both freight and land and large amount of people. So I think policies that incentivize movement by rail will be go both good for the economy, good for the environment, but can stimulate job creation North America we actively working with decent administration in that regard. And with regards to, I think just how we see things progressing throughout the year. I think similar to what youve heard from customers, I think youll see a sequential improvement. We do have elements of seasonality here into the first quarter. Certainly, weather has impacted our operations in Fort Worth. And thats something that were actively working very close with our teams there to assess that impact.
Pat Dugan: Yes. And I would just add Scott, we do have some seasonality that comes from our aftermarket business and in our mining business, just the timing of how orders and projects get landed and the kind of operating rhythm of our customers related to aftermarket and part sales. So first quarter tends to be impacted a lot by all these kind of elements that along with the things that Rafael just talked about.
Scott Group: Just going back to the infrastructure side, can you maybe just talk little more specifically then how you participate in, if theres going to be some big high speed rail build out or something, [indiscernible] infrastructure on the markets that you touch and how you benefit.
Rafael Santana: Scott, can you repeat that? Its very difficult to hear you.
Scott Group: Sorry. Im having a problem with my phone, but I guess Im trying to understand on the infrastructure side, where specifically you would stand to benefit, do you participate in that big high speed rail build out if thats just coming, where did you benefit kind of good infrastructure?
Rafael Santana: Scott, were working. I think some of the initiatives go right align with the opportunity to improve efficiency for our customers on the fuel side opportunities to look at potentially accelerating some of the introductions of new technologies that help both on driving fuel efficiency, driving more automation, ultimately reducing carbon emissions. So thats the best way to frame it, so last associated with the high speed rail per se.
Scott Group: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Pat Dugan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee from Citigroup. Please go ahead with your question.
James Monigan: Hey guys, James on for Chris. Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
James Monigan: Just wanted to touch on digital. You mentioned that the orders are sort of gotten pushed out to the right, but the growth outlook just frankly isnt all that strong. So just wondering if theres any sort of product life cycle issues there that are creating a headwind, and theres more underlying growth just kind of wanting to understand sort of the puts and takes to growth within that line in 2021 and sort of how to think about it moving forward.
Rafael Santana: Revenues for the business came down about 2% in 2020 versus the year before. Id say customers continue to be very committed, Chris on investing in productivity and we have a record number of installs in new products as we highlighted. So the fundamentals are good there. And customers continue to be really committed to drive productivity and investing on that. What we saw also was a good book-to-bill in the fourth quarter. I think were continuing to see that as we move into the first quarter, but a key challenge for our team is to drive what Ill call convertible gain of the year. So think about getting orders that churn into sales within 2021, but back again the fundamentals are of the business are strong.
James Monigan: Got it. So its more along the lines of essentially a pipeline issue. Is that sort of the right way to think about it? Essentially, there wasnt as much the sales activity in 2020 sort of bleeding into the realized revenue in 2021. Is that sort of the dynamic there then?
Rafael Santana: Yes, it was a quick way to also eliminate costs within the air pushing some of those decisions to the right.
James Monigan: Got it. All right. And then just on the freight revenues outlook broadly just wanting to  it seems like the guidance at least includes the possibility of freight revenues being down. Just wanted to understand now that at least in the American carloads have turned positive. How to think about freight revenue as this further earn that segments revenue inflecting sustainably positive across the year. Is that like a second half thing? Or should we think about that being something like more than 2022?
Rafael Santana: Id start with were seeing sequential improvement, right. And that has turned the book-to-bill into Ill call a significant improvement in the fourth quarter. I think were continuing to see that improvements, especially quarter to-date. I think weve had a strong start for the year with an order for both mods and an order for service agreements, which its a real positive. So at this point, I think well see sequential improvement on volume as a result of continued on parking locomotives and freight cars. I think so important to mention here, I think we  as we look at the quarter to-date, the backlog coverage for the year is better than we had a year ago, but were still sitting on  a significant higher number of locomotives parked versus pre-COVID level. I think the auto elements Id offer you there is the PSR headwinds that we signed last couple of years impacting demand. I think theyre largely reflecting the network and Id not be surprised to see potential incremental of a volume created by the combination of this winter weather, deterioration of service levels. And this should be really the first year that we see traffic growth after sometime.
James Monigan: All right, got it. Actually in a real quick one, can you just comment on mods year-over-year in the fourth quarter and sort of what youre thinking about that in 2021 within  in 2021 and thats it for me.
Rafael Santana: Significant order quarter to-date, we expect a double-digit growth from the mods number for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Hoexter: Hey Rafael, Pat, Kristine, thank you. Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Ken Hoexter: Just maybe can you talk  Pat, can you talk a bit about the outlook? What are the highs and lows in terms of the parts of the outlook? Can you maybe provide any specifics? I know you said youre not giving details on Freight or Transit specifically, but maybe just talk about the highs and lows on the other.
Pat Dugan: So the range what would  how would we get to the high end of the range or the impact of the low end, its really going to be driven by the areas we see positivity, its a services. Its a mod, its a part sales. And my driver for that is really the rail volumes. When I look at the Transit same thing as the regions and the economies reopened and passenger ridership starts to continue to trend positively. Well see those part sales. We have a good visibility into our OE side on Transit and our OE side on Freight, but where the reaching the high end of the range, its going to be driven by those items. Its freight volumes, carloadings, and ridership.
Rafael Santana: Ill just add. We continue to see strong international opportunities. The pipeline continues to strengthen. This is certainly a trough year for us. When you think about the equipment business and were building from there. I mean I cant remember a year where we had zero deliveries on locomotives, so moving in the right direction.
Ken Hoexter: Thats helpful. And it seems like international is really big part of this. Is there a baseline kind of Pat on or Rafael on the local builds or I guess carload growth that youve said as kind of the midpoint that we should look as a starting point just to help us based on that.
Rafael Santana: Subject for the year, I mean weve got the backlog in house for what I call new locomotives. So this is really about building forward into 2022, and thats where the dynamics are positive. You talk about the freight cars kind of all back to the parking levels. We had pre-COVID. There was certainly a significant drop last year with a 58% drop in the freight carbuild. We expect that to be more on the 25,000 for the year. So we have started the year with a positive beat up to this point.
Ken Hoexter: Okay. And then I guess for my follow-up, yes, that was great detail on the electric locomotive test in California. But Rafael, can you take that a step further, the integration of Positive Train Control, your ability to go fully autonomous? What are the next steps for the rails given that the trucks are obviously making strides on pushing autonomy? What is left from your thoughts on the development side for the rails to go fully autonomous?
Rafael Santana:  We took a key step with a order on zero to zero, which is really the ability to start at zero and stop the train at zero. So you talk about moving it and the integration with PTC that really sets the tone of how you can be a lot more autonomous through that process. Some of these steps might vary a little bit on the various class ones, but we have a suite of products in order to support that. So youve tied that off with a lot of the elements that I described in terms of our portfolio for de-carbonization. We have a real strong portfolio here to drive growth in this business for the long-term and despite of I call variation here on carloads.
Ken Hoexter: But I guess is there anything technological that you still think is needed or is it just  is the technology there and its just developing.
Rafael Santana: I dont think the technology is the bottleneck. So weve got the elements of technology to drive to that.
Ken Hoexter: Thanks for the colors. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi guys, just wanted to dig a little bit more into the comments on margin improvement in Transit as well as Freight for next year. Obviously, youve laid the synergies and the pricing and the backlog on Transit. But can you just talk about any headwinds that youre incorporating into your guidance at this point added some material cost or supply chain headwinds that youre accounting for.
Rafael Santana: Let me start I think as far as the Transit business, I think we had good progress in the business. The focus continues to be on execution, improving, the quality of the order intake, but also improving, say the metrics to our customers. Margins have improved about 200 basis points. And the team has a good plan to move up and not a 100 basis points this year. I think some of the dynamics on the business might vary depending on well lockdown sort of restrictions that have had a significant impact on ridership, but what has not changed stuff rises, we continue to see a very resilient services business. If you think about ridership down 30%, 50%, 80% levels, as we saw last year, we had a business that the aftermarket came down by single-digits in 2020. On the OE side, we have not seen as I said project constellation, so long-term fundamentals are strong there. I was certainly  are looking through some of the headwinds you described inflation being one of them. Weve got our team really actively working with suppliers to make sure that we well-prepared for any of these elements. What Ill anticipate you, we also have agreements that provide what I call escalation in the case of [indiscernible] but a good amount of work being done by our teams as we speak around that.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. So would you quantify anything thats baked into the guidance at this point or
Rafael Santana: Id say to while we have visibility to, I think we feel confident about the framework we have provided to you.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, great. And then just on the Transit recovery again, I know youve talked about the improving ridership. Any comment on what youre seeing and Europe versus U.S. versus Asia in terms of how you expect it to that business recovery next year.
Rafael Santana: I think Asia certainly the ridership is in the higher levels, right. Theres of course some specifics in terms of some of the lockdown, some governments have act on it. I think Europe is come next. As we saw some of these new lockdown measures, you saw what used to be a ridership on the 80%-plus level go down to a more like 50%s and 60%s, but we expect those to resume back up. North America has certainly been on the low end of that spectrum of recovery, but as vaccination takes place, well see those improve across the board.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saree Boroditsky from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi, thanks for filling me in. So historically Wabtec is seeing more maintenance demand related to breakdown in severe winter weather. I know you talked about a weaker start to the year, but is this something that could provide upside to guidance?
Rafael Santana: Were certainly watching that very closely. We do think that, well, the combination of a severe winter weather conditions, higher volumes, the fact that you have a deterioration of service levels and back to the fact that the 2021 should be the first year that we see traffic growth, yes. That could provide tailwinds.
Saree Boroditsky: Great. And then you talked about international opportunities and PTC, would that largely be in Brazil or South America? Could you talk about what other regions would be an opportunity for that?
Rafael Santana: Ill tell you. We just got our first international order and it was not in South America, but we do have opportunities to continue to expand that. And thats one of the areas of focus of our games.
Saree Boroditsky: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Barger: Thanks. Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Steve Barger: I just want to clarify on the freight revenue question. You talked about headwinds from seasonality and equipment activity levels in the first half. And then on the positive side, you talked about mods orders and backlog coverage. So if I net that out, is it reasonable to think we see positive year-over-year growth in the second half? Or is it too early to tell for the freight segment?
Rafael Santana: We expect to drive what Ill call profitable growth for overall Wabtec and I should see those dynamics into that segments.
Steve Barger: Profitable growth in the back half for Freight.
Pat Dugan: Yes. Well, were  again, we said specifically sequential growth, so looking at the quarters. I mean that, that would sort of imply that the second half is going to be stronger to answer your question specifically, yes.
Rafael Santana: Yes, and additional to the seasonality, you see on the first quarter was certainly watching for well that  weather impacts that weve had on our operation in fourth quarter.
Steve Barger: Yes. I mean just given the seasonality, youre talking about, it sounds like youre expecting bigger year-over-year declines in the first half, then you see year-over-year growth in the second half. Is that right?
Pat Dugan: Yes, thats right. Thats what were looking at.
Steve Barger: All right. And you said the impact from one-time costs on operating cash flow will be lower in 2021 than it was last year. Can you put a number on that relative to the $220 million that hit last year?
Pat Dugan: Well, $220 million is the cash flow impact, right. And you have  I would say roughly half of it is of the cash flow impact is from costs that had been recorded in 2019 paid in 2020. The other half were kind of were costs and impact within the year. And then going forward, we were still working through those costs to achieve synergies and restructuring. We havent given any specific guidance on those items, because of the sensitivity to our operations. But we expect those to come down.
Steve Barger: So well, the $110 million from 2019 paid in 2020 rolls off, of course. So the other $110 million, you would expect to step down from that.
Pat Dugan: Thats exactly right.
Steve Barger: Okay. So Ill just squeeze one quick one in, so with conditions, just sequentially improving balance sheets in good shape, cash cost of restructuring coming down, reasonable to think youll make significant inroads on the buyback this year.
Rafael Santana: So number one, I think we continue to see opportunities to return value to shareholders through a share buyback. And thats why our Board has renewed the authorization of $500 million and buybacks. I think our focus starts with driving organic growth. I mentioned the portfolio solutions we have around de-carbonization and automation. They do provide a significant growth opportunity for our business and its very much aligned to both productivity and carbon reduction for our customers. So were committed to continuing to lead there. And we have increased the step into 2021. And on inorganic, were continuing to explore bolt-on acquisitions. We will be opportunistic here. This will be really highly strategic with strong returns that drive higher ROIC and faster profitable growth increasing shareholder value. So thats fundamentally how we think about capital allocation here going into 2021.
Steve Barger: Thanks very much.
Rafael Santana: Yes, thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, well end todays question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone for participating today. We look forward to speaking with you throughout the quarter. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, well conclude todays conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec quarterly earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star then two. Please note this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you Operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wabtecs third quarter 2020 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana, CFO Pat Dugan, and Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz.  Todays slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures, were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on Wabteccorp.com. Some statements were making are forward-looking and based on the best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation.  We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. Now I will turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks Kristine, and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us today. I hope you and your families remain healthy and safe. Turning to Slide 3, while we continue to see the impact of COVID globally, a gradual recovery across the global freight and transit rail market is continuing. North America freight volumes and equipment utilization sequentially improved in the third quarter and transit ridership is also slowly resuming. These directional trends along with the focused performance of our teams are reflected in our third quarter results. Total sales for the quarter were $1.9 billion, driven largely by international freight markets and a recovery in transit but offset by global disruption due to the COVID pandemic. Total adjusted operating income was $293 million, impacted primarily by the drop in freight sales but somewhat offset by a more than 20% increase in transit segment income. Adjusted operating margin was 15.7% driven by cost actions and execution on our synergies, as well as margin improvement in transit, which was up 270 basis points for the quarter due to synergies, improved productivity and better project execution. In third quarter, we had solid cash conversion with cash flow from operations of $230 million driven by good working capital management. This allowed us to further strengthen the balance sheet by reducing debt by over $200 million in the quarter. Our liquidity position remains strong at $1.9 billion. Total multi-year backlog was over $21 billion despite current market conditions.  Finally, we ended up the quarter with adjusted EPS of $0.95, further reinforcing that our teams are continuing to take the necessary steps to control what we can, protect the long term growth of the company, and deliver shareholder value. In the area of synergies, we are accelerating our progress and we are on track to deliver $150 million of net synergies in 2020 as well as deliver on the full run rate of $250 million in synergies before the end of 2022. To achieve these goals, we continue to take actions on structural costs. Ending the third quarter, we further reduced headcount by another 3%, taking our total reductions to roughly 13% year over year. We also have reduced our operational footprint year over year and we are actively driving cost reductions through lean initiatives. To date, we have exited about 75% of the shared services from GE Transportation merger ahead of schedule and we are on track to exit over 90% of these activities by year end.  Overall, our team delivered a strong quarter in a challenging and dynamic environment and won several orders, including a significant deal with New York City Transit to extend battery technology to passenger transit and drive down emissions. This is a key win that directly aligns with our own sustainability strategy as we outlined in our 2020 sustainability report issued earlier this week. We also closed a $160 million multi-year mining order for advance to dry systems, our single largest mining order to date.  In digital electronics, we won our first order with the Class 1 railroads for our advanced trip optimizer zero-to-zero solution. This deal will reduce emissions and will drive increased fuel savings, and is another significant step towards autonomous rail.  Finally, we had a solid quarter in transit, winning new brakes, doors, and HVAC contracts in Australia, Germany, France and the U.K., as well as our first order for the natural industrys most advanced braking system, the NaturoFlex, in Asia.  Looking ahead, the rail transportation market continues to recover from trough levels in the second quarter. We are encouraged by the advance of a recovery as noted by the ongoing improvement in our international freight markets, the sequential improvement in North America rail volumes, and increasing global transit activity. With that, Ill turn the call over to Pat who will share more on the quarter, segment performance, and our overall financial position. Pat?
Pat Dugan: Thanks Rafael, and good morning everyone. Turning to Slide 4, sales for the third quarter were $1.9 billion, which reflects a 7% decrease versus the prior year. The decline in year-over-year sales was mainly due to the ongoing disruption across our freight and transit segments caused by COVID-19.  For the quarter, operating income was $207 million and adjusted operating income was $293 million, which was down 12% year over year mainly driven by lower sales and disruption in our operations as a result of the pandemic, offset somewhat by variable cost actions and the continued realization of synergies.  In the third quarter, adjusted operating income excluded pre-tax expenses of $87 million, of which $70 million was for non-cash amortization and $16 million of restructuring and transaction costs. Please see Appendix D in our press release for the reconciliation of these details. Now looking at some of the detailed line items, adjusted SG&A declined 4% year over year to $241 million, which is excluding $12 million of the restructuring and transaction expenses I just discussed. SG&A expenses benefited from structural cost actions across the business and the realization of synergies. As expected, we did see a resumption of certain discretionary and compensation expenses that we eliminated during the depths of the pandemic. For the full year, we expect adjusted SG&A to be around $900 million. Engineering expenses decreased to $37 million or down 38% from last year. This was largely due to the lower volume outlook as well as some changes in project timing. Amortization expenses were $70 million. For 2020, we expect non-cash amortization expense to be about $285 million and depreciation expense to be about $180 million.  In the third quarter, we had GAAP earnings per diluted share of $0.67 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.95. The details which bridge GAAP earnings per share to adjusted earnings per share of $0.95 can be found attached to our press release. As of September 30, our multi-year backlog was $21.4 billion. Backlog is about flat quarter over quarter. Our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multi-year backlog, was $5.2 billion and continues to provide good visibility across both freight and transit segments.  Now lets take a look at the segment results on Slide 5. Across the freight segment, total sales decreased 7% to $1.2 billion in the third quarter. In terms of product lines, equipment sales were up 35% year over year as a result of higher locomotive deliveries which, as we have discussed, can often vary quarter to quarter due to timing. In the fourth quarter, we expect locomotive deliveries to be slightly higher when compared to the third quarter but down versus last year. In line with improving freight traffic from the second quarter, our service sales improved sequentially but were down 19% from a seasonally strong period last year. This was largely driven by lower parts sales due to continued record high locomotive parkings, as well as the timing of mods, deliveries and overhauls. We expect our parts sales to continue to improve with the gradual recovery in freight volumes and un-parking of locomotives. Digital electronics sales were down 13% year over year as orders shift to the right in North America due to COVID disruptions. Overall, we continue to see a significant pipeline opportunities in our digital electronics product line, providing productivity and improved safety for our customers. Component sales were down 16% year over year on a 45% lower rail car build versus the prior year, demonstrating the diversification within our components business. Since September, we have seen early signs of improvement in demand for aftermarket rail car components as more rail cars are beginning to come out of storage. Despite the top line headwinds and higher mix of OE locomotives during the quarter, our execution on synergies continued to drive positive impact, as reflected in our segment adjusted operating income of $234 million and adjusted margin of 18.9%. Finally, segment backlog was $17.8 billion, down just slightly from the prior quarter.  Turning to Slide 6, across our transit segment sales decreased 6% year over year to $628 million, driven largely by disruptions stemming from COVID-19. OE sales were down 2% year over year. Its important to note that this is a strong improvement from the second quarter, due in large part to improving transit ridership and service levels around the globe. Aftermarket sales were down 10% from last year. We remain positive on the aftermarket and expect sales to continue to improve as transit services increase globally.  Adjusted segment operating income was $75 million, which was up 21% year over year for an adjusted operating margin of 12%. Across the segment, we continue to drive down costs and improve project execution, as noted by our strong operating performance. While early days, we are pleased with the momentum underway and will continue to execute on more actions to drive increased profitability for the segment. Finally, transit segment backlog was $3.5 billion, which was up slightly versus last quarter. Now lets turn to our financial position on Slide 7. Cash flow generation during the quarter was strong at $230 million driven largely by working capital management, including improved inventory levels and higher customer deposits. Id also note that there was no material change from the A/R securitization in the quarter. We had about $15 million of one-time impacts on cash flow during the quarter and about $170 million for the full year, mainly due to prior year restructuring, transaction and litigation charges. Throughout the quarter, we continued to strengthen our financial position and reduced net debt by approximately $460 million since the same quarter a year ago. Our adjusted leverage ratio at the end of the third quarter was 2.6 times, down slightly from the last quarter, and our liquidity is still robust at $1.9 billion. In summary, our balance sheet is strong and we are confident we can drive solid cash flow generation, giving us the liquidity and flexibility to execute our strategic plans. With that, lets move to Slide 8, and I will turn the call back over Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks Pat. Looking ahead, we are seeing a gradual recovery across most freight and transit end markets as global economic activity and commuter travel improves. In North America, rail volumes increased dramatically from the second quarter due to a broad recovery in agricultural, intermodal, [indiscernible] and automotive volumes. Locomotive parkings, after peaking to a record high in the second quarter, have improved but are still more than 20% higher than pre-COVID levels. As railroads enter into recovery and we accelerate technology improvements, we expect demand for reliability and productivity to be even greater, putting us in a position of strength for modernizations, overhauls, and parts demand. In terms of North America rail car builds, rail cars are slowly moving out of storage; however, more than 25% of the North American rail car fleet still remains in storage. Builders are taking continued steps to slow production lines. The industry forecast currently indicates that the rail car build for 2020 will be less than 30,000 cars. Internationally, where economies have started to open, we continue to see encouraging signs. In Brazil, demand remains steady with greater dependency on agriculture products following a record harvest. In Australia, rail activity has shown good momentum following the COVID lockdown. In Kazakhstan, year-to-date car volumes are up driven by growth in volumes from China. In India after long lockdowns, activity has recently improved with the gradual reopening of the region. Overall, we have a strong order pipeline internationally in places like Brazil, Russia, CIS, Africa and Australia, and we expect revenue growth in several of these markets throughout 2021.  In mining, end markets remain stable and we remain optimistic that the mining market conditions are improving.  Transitioning to the transit sector, ridership is continuing to recover from historic lows, particularly in Europe and Asia, and in line with an operational recovery in transit globally. Looking forward, the long term market drivers for passenger transport remain strong. Infrastructure spending in support of green initiative continues to be a focus, especially as governments globally look to rail for clean, safe and efficient transport.  Turning to guidance for the year, we are updating our sales guidance to $7.5 billion to $7.6 billion, which is the higher end of our previous range, and we are updating adjusted EPS guidance to the range of $3.75 to $3.85 due largely to our operational execution to date, ongoing actions to align variable and fixed costs to the volume realities we face, and visibility to our backlog. Finally, we remain confident in delivering strong cash generation for the year. Turning to Slide 9 and to conclude, Im proud of the strong execution by the team in the third quarter despite a challenging environment. Our team remains vigilant on monitoring COVID-19 globally and is laser focused on keeping our employees safe while executing through todays volatile environment to deliver for our customers. As we go forward, we remain committed to executing on our strategic plan, reducing coats, aggressively managing cash, delivering on our synergy targets, and focusing on what we can control. We will continue to lean into the strong long term fundamentals of this company and invest in technologies that advance our competitive advantage, help us successfully manage todays market headwinds over the long term, and emerge as a more resilient company. Before I turn the call over to questions, I want to personally thank each and every member of the Wabtec team for all that they are doing. This year has been a significant stress test for our organization as we have navigated a complex integration, an industrial recession, a market reset, in addition to the pandemic. Yet, despite all these headwinds, we are performing well and we have continued to deliver, as demonstrated by our synergy execution, strong cash flow, and overall performance.  Looking ahead, we are encouraged by the constructive trends we are seeing across the global transit and freight markets. Demand should continue to improve sequentially across most of the portfolio. Recovery will remain somewhat mixed, but our business is uniquely positioned to drive long term profitable growth. With that, Ill turn the call back to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion. Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you Rafael. We will now move onto questions. Before we do, out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please re-join the queue. With that, Operator, we are now ready to take our first question.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Good morning. Could we talk to transit a little bit? I think the performance in that segment was quite a bit more resilient than folk, including myself, would have thought. Given the backdrop of COVID, it sounds like Europe and Asia are starting to recovery quite a bit faster. Is there a way to quantify the headwind that youre seeing from North America, and how do you think that segment evolves in terms of the future, just with COVID and the concerns folks will never get back on commuter rail again?
Rafael Santana: Let me start first with the following. Were working of course very closely with our customers. I think while transit authorities around the globe, they are seeing operating budgets constrained, I think there is really strong support in terms of government stimulus for them to navigate through this. At this point, we havent seen any project cancellations, but we continue to work with customers and I think the dynamics at this point, they remain a positive. I think theres still going to be volatility in terms of some of the measures that you see taking place in places like Europe, but we dont feel that thats going to go back to what Ill call the worst trough levels of COVID, so overall positive trends. A couple other comments here. If you think about transit, I think its been slower in the U.S. versus other markets. I call out that the U.S. market represents only 15% of what we do in the transit market, so I think thats also an important element.  With that, I think Im really proud to see how the team has embraced change. They are driving improvement. We see that coming into our order backlog. I think Ive said it before and the trend continues, our backlog today has got margins that are 100% at least higher than they were a year ago. Weve seen improved execution, and I think were moving in the right direction with that business, so were committed to continue to improve margins over time.
Allison Poliniak: Great, and just a question on margins within freight. If I recall, the equipment margins could be a little bit lower just in terms of the mix. Can you help quantify if theres a way to do that in mix impact from the product dynamics in the quarter within freight, in terms of would it have been better, I guess, if the equipment werent so strong?
Rafael Santana: Youve got it. Margins were primarily impacted by mix, and Allison, just very straightforward, right - when Ive got equipment growing at 35% in the quarter and at the same time, Ive got services which is a much larger business with digital electronics - I mean, services was down 19% with digital electronics at 13%. Thats really what drove that. We can have those variations just based on mix. We remain focused on improving margins. I think were taking a lot of the right actions in different areas. Were delivering on synergies. Weve been taking action on SG&A and indirect costs, and were going to continue to move in that direction.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thanks. Ill pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Justin Long from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks and good morning. I wanted to start with a question on the North American freight aftermarket business. Im curious how that trended sequentially in the third quarter and your expectations going forward, and maybe within that business it would be helpful to hear about the cadence of mods Q2 to Q3, and maybe even Q3 to Q4 as well, just because I know that can move things around a good bit.
Rafael Santana: Okay, so let me take a step back, first with the second quarter on services, because I think its important just to understand. Think of car loads in the second quarter were down close to 20%. We saw on the other side our revenues came down about 9%. Now when you come into the third quarter, so theres clearly a lag there, when youre coming to the third quarter, while car loads were down, I think 7.5%, weve seen volume improvement of about 1%.  Heres some things to keep in mind. I think there is naturally a lag there. What Ill tell you, what were seeing from a services perspective, theres clearly a pick-up in terms of, Ill call it recovery. It started first in our international markets and we saw fleets getting parts, and I think were seeing volumes continue to move in the right direction. There was a lag into North America but weve also seen that improving, as I think continuing to move forward. Its a shorter cycle business, but the trends that Im looking at right now, theyre positive for the services business. You asked specifically on mods. I think there is--theres pent-up demand being created in terms of fleets that didnt run, so overhauls that have pushed to the right, potential investments in the fleet that have not been done in the course of the last couple years that have also pushed to the right, and that pent-up demand is going to come, so we do expect growth in mods moving forward.  Ill step away from providing you any specifics in quarter over quarter because we can have variation on that, but I think theres positive dynamics there in the services business.
Justin Long: Okay, thanks. Secondly, I wanted to ask about your thoughts on buybacks, just given where the valuation metrics for the stock are today. As you think about closing that valuation gap to the market and peers, were there any major takeaways from the investor perception study that you recently completed? Just curious if there are any actions that youre planning to take after completing that exercise.
Rafael Santana: Let me start with the last part - yes, we have done that study, really great turnout. I think the amount of feedback was great, very specific, very candid answers, so were continuing to work on that. With that, a couple things in mind. Number one, I think there is an element of providing what Ill call a little more details in terms of some of our segments, which were going to work with you to make sure that we look into those as we go into next year.  On capital allocation, what I would like to tell you is, number one, we are committed to drive organic growth and continue the R&D investments that really drive differentiation and innovation for our customers - thats top of mind. Of course, we are looking and reprioritizing as we look at the current environment, and very committed there. Were also confident about our ability to drive cash and to reduce debt. Just think about just the last 12 months - we have paid down $490 million of debt and at the same time, we were driving over $190 million of both stock buybacks and dividends. Right now and as I look at it, our current stock price presents significant opportunity to return value to shareholders. We currently have a share repurchase authorization for $400 million, and we are intensifying buybacks. Thats the focus now.
Justin Long: Great, very helpful. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Chris Wetherbee from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Thanks, good morning guys.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Wetherbee: I was wondering about the return of resources in the freight segment as we see volumes continue to improve in 4Q and potentially first half of next year and beyond. Specifically on the headcount side, what are the learnings that youve had from this downturn? Is there the ability to hold off on bringing folks back to try to drive stronger sequential incremental margins than what we saw just initially here in the third quarter?
Rafael Santana: The answer is yes. Number one, I think if you look at our headcount numbers, weve reduced 3% quarter-over-quarter, 13% versus a year ago. I think theres a lot of learnings that came from just the COVID period. Weve looked at different areas, and Ive got to tell you there is an opportunity here to win even more productivity for certain areas of the company if you work remotely. Theres some other ones thats not the case, but we do see the opportunity to drive increased leverage, and we will be growing margins as a result of volume growth [indiscernible].
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, thats helpful. Maybe a bigger picture question on synergies. I think you talked about achieving full run rate out sometime during 2022. Can you talk about some of the puts and takes that might influence that timing a little bit? Maybe forgetting about the macro to some degree, I think, with whats in your control, are there any potential drivers that could maybe pull that forward a little bit? What could they be, and whats the risk to pushing that out a little bit?
Rafael Santana: Ill tell you whats pushing that out a little bit right now, and its just a function of volume. But with the guidance of what weve provided with the $150 million for the year, were committed to that and were going to deliver on that. Were tracking to that, we have not broken down that on the quarter , but were tracking to be north of $150 million for the year, and we will deliver the $250 million before end of next year, so moving in that direction. What Ill say is of course volume conditions improve, it can only help us there.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, got it. Thanks for the time, appreciate it.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi and good morning everybody. My question is just on transit. You had another quarter of good progress on margin, and I wonder if you would just give a general update on what workflows are left to come. Youve rolled off some of the unprofitable business. Could you just give us an update on your strategy for continued improvement there? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Yes, Ill say this is ongoing work, right? You have a backlog that youve got to work through. I think the comments I would make is I think for more than a year now, we have been really disciplined about the quality of that backlog and the orders we take, so the specific terms and conditions that come with those orders, and thats where I say that weve got over 100 basis points of margin improvement on that backlog, so its a continuation.  I think execution is a lot better. I think weve got improvement in terms of on-time delivery. The team has really embraced the principles of lean across our operations. Were going through a significant exercise on making sure that weve got what Ill call a more--just a more efficient footprint.  Without mentioning the business here, I run sometimes into businesses where you have eight locations, different groups of engineers in each one of those locations, designing things to a lot of times different spec, sometimes to support similar customers. We have the opportunity here to have what Ill call centers of excellence when it comes down to engineering. We have some of those established in places like India, so we have the opportunity to significantly reduce costs, and we really dont need those eight sites. I can do with that maybe four or five, and I think thats something that were going to continue to pursue. Were being very disciplined about it, but were going to continue to drive margins up, so were committed to the framework that weve highlighted before, which is over 100 basis points on average per year. I think we see the opportunity to do better this year, and were not going to be pushing for anything less than another 100 next year.
Rob Wertheimer: Thats very helpful, thank you. Im sorry for the clarification, but how much is left on federal contracts and backlog that will flow through to positive margin at this point? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: I think the one contract that weve been more open about it was the U.K. project. That runs off fundamentally by the end of this year, so theres very minimal left, I think, for the first quarter of next year. But theres a backlog of contracts and well continue to work. I think the importance is were committed to drive margin improvement with all the levers we have. Pat, I dont know if you want to comment on it?
Pat Dugan: No, I just think its worth mentioning that were still a run rate of about $25 million of revenue each quarter, and its flat year over year and quarter over quarter, and its at a margin thats right around breakeven, so theres no element of that that has made this margin better than in other quarters. This is really--the margin improvement has come from the things that Rafael talked about - cost actions, efficiencies, synergies, all those items and things that we outlined earlier and are executing on now.
Rafael Santana: So the headcount reductions are really cutting across the business. This is not in one specific area.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks Rafael, thanks Pat.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Courtney Yakavonis : Hi, thanks for the question. If you can just maybe comment high level at your thoughts for freight in 2021 - you know, I think the cadence of OE versus your services and your digital business went a little bit differently than we would have expected this quarter, but it sounds like theres some pent-up demand and youre expecting growth in mods going forward. You talked about orders shifting to the right in digital electronics, so do you think that there is pent-up demand there? Then you had obviously mentioned a mining contract or a multi-year order. Is that going to start to flow through next year? Help us think about how locos are shaping up, thanks.
Rafael Santana: Let me give you a sense of our end markets. Of course Im not going to get into the elements here of giving guidance into 2021, but the way I look at our end markets, let me just start with maybe the transit piece of it. I think were continuing to see positive signs of recovery. If you look at our backlog right now, its larger than it was a year ago and I think were continuing to see good trends there.  The second piece would clearly come down to really, Ill call it the freight side. I think were positive on services. As I mentioned before, I think weve seen the pick-up on services from the trough levels in the second quarter start first in the international markets, then we saw that--a little bit of a lag, but then it came into North America, and I think we see positive trends there. I think theres of course--there is a shorter nature of the cycle of that business, so things tend to pick up faster. Now when you go to the equipment side, I think were kind of seeing similar dynamics, meaning if you think about the pipeline of opportunity that we were working versus six months ago, we see significant improvement. It started once again in the international markets. I think there is positive signs on some of this pipeline actually converting into the fourth quarter, which means even a possibility specifically in one of those markets to already deliver, so bringing revenues into 2021. But weve got to see that taking, Ill call a broader impact across international markets.  I think ultimately youre going to see that happening in North America, but there is of course a lag there, and when you look at our equipment business, there is an element of, Ill call it longer cycle into that perspective. But as you highlighted, I think theres pent-up demand in terms of just utilization that didnt happen of fleets during this year, and that has pushed out many elements of maintenance to the right, so theres pent-up demand in that regard.  With that being said, theres of course a lot of volatility still. Were working hard. Theres a lot of focus and working very closely with our customers, because I think we can provide them significant opportunities here to accelerate some of this, Ill call it investment in the fleet. Keep in mind, I think theres been an under-investment in the fleet and the fleet is aging, and the good news is we are accelerating a lot of investments weve done in terms of technology to improve efficiency in those fleets, so if you think about those mods and those overhauls, I expect to be able to deliver to the customer increased fuel efficiency. I expect to increase reliability on those fleets. With our digital electronics portfolio, we do expect to have an opportunity there to also increase technology. Weve just talked about an order we got on zero-to-zero with a Class 1 in North America - thats another building block towards automation. The significance of that, that opens up really room for me to introduce that into a lot of Class 1s. Think of products like trip optimizer - this is something that builds on the top of that, so I think weve got some good dynamics here to work from.
Courtney Yakavonis: Thanks, and then just on freight margins for the fourth quarter, I think youve historically talked about a 20% to 25% decremental margin framework in freight. Obviously it was a little higher this quarter given the mix, but would you expect it, given that youre expecting OE to be down year-over-year in the fourth quarter, to go back to that framework or potentially be a little bit better as the mix improves?
Rafael Santana: Again staying away from commenting on mix and specifics on the quarter, what Ill say is were confident with the guidance weve provided, and were committed to hit that guidance. With that, I think theres also an element of cash flows, and I think were seeing all of our teams working through that. Theres of course headwinds into the quarter, but we feel strong about the guidance were providing at this point.
Courtney Yakavonis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes hi, good morning everyone. Rafael, I was pleasantly surprised by the bookings trend in freight - you know, really strong book to bill, even as you had really strong deliveries in the quarter. Could you just expand on your prepared remarks in terms of where youre seeing pockets of strength from orders, and I think you alluded to a building international locomotive project pipeline as well, would you mind just expanding on those two areas, please?
Rafael Santana: When I talk about pipeline of opportunities and option to convert those into orders, I think were seeing some positive signs in places like Latin America, and we have the opportunity here to convert some of those orders already in the fourth quarter - the team feels strong about it. Were seeing similar trends in places like Kazakhstan, and theres picked up activity in some other markets which Id rather not open up at this point. Were certainly--we face strong competition wherever we go, and we want to make sure that we continue to progress in that direction.
Jerry Revich: Okay, thank you, and the bookings in the quarter, can you just expand on what drove such a strong bookings quarter in a really tough environment?
Rafael Santana: I think a piece of it was the order that we announced on New York City Transit - that was certainly a significant element of that. Its a big opportunity for us here to continue to expand on electrification of our market, so this battery electric locomotive, we see this as a great solution for our customers. There has been a great degree of interest, and were moving into what Ill call the phase two of that with a couple different customers, so we expect that to continue. The other piece Ill mention to you is mining. I think mining has demonstrated resilience and even as we go forward here, I think there is really an element of resilience, especially when you look at iron ore, copper and some specific commodities, so thats also another resilient part of the business.
Jerry Revich: Okay, thank you. Can you talk about how the productivity ramp has gone on the facilities in India, in particular are you getting the productivity that you were targeting?
Rafael Santana: Two things - there has been significant improvement in productivity and efficiency. I look at the last two years, weve significantly improved the profitability of the contract that we are executing, so its a positive there. When you talk about last quarter, I mean, of course its been very disruptive. Between COVID hit, between monsoon season, I cant say things have been necessarily easy, but I think the team has continued to progress. We have delivered more than 130 locomotives at this point, and Id say the team is very much committed to deliver the minimum 100 locomotives per year, so we feel positive about the dynamics. But very tough dynamics in the course of the last 90-plus days.
Jerry Revich: Okay, appreciate the discussion. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Morning guys. Rafael, can you just talk directionally how you see the loco and rail car markets for next year, directionally just sort of up or down or flattish, and then Im wondering can you talk at all about some of the things youre doing with electric or alternative locos on the freight side?
Rafael Santana: Yes, so a couple things. On the freight car side, I think you all look at the same reports we do. I think for this year, the number for freight cars is probably around 30,000. As you look into next year, there is an expectation for that to drop down to potentially mid-20s. I guess the question here is, theres potentially some stimulus incentive that could improve those numbers, but right now wed be thinking about numbers around 25,000 to 30,000, depending on how that plays out. When I think about locomotives, I think youve got to break out the elements of North American and international. I think international, we continue to see a robust pipeline and good opportunities here for us. I think North America, as I had mentioned, theres a lag here so keep in mind the longer cycle nature of these orders in order to be fulfilled.  Those are maybe--I think--hopefully that answers part of your question. I think mining, which is another element here, I think we see mining resilience at this point. Oh, and on electrification, which you asked about it. We see the opportunity here to enter into some areas of electrification with differentiation, which would mean driving value for both our customers and for ourselves. Ill talk to you more about it in the first quarter of next year, but thats an exciting area that will also help us, I think, accelerate growth in the business. I think theres an element of pent-up demand that I talked to you about. Theres an element of, for me, accelerating technology into our fleets, which will ultimately accelerate the investments, so you have more reliable and more efficient fleets, and theres an element here of stepping into new areas, so were really working hard to build on the right set of dynamics to drive growth. On mods, we do see positive trends going to next year.
Scott Group: Okay, helpful. Then just lastly, one of the opportunities with the GE deal was, I think, improving the content per loco on the legacy Wabtec side. Can you just give us an update on where we stand on that front? Are we seeing that yet? Is that still to come? Any thoughts there, thank you.
Rafael Santana: I think weve seen a little bit, but its--I mean, in the scheme of things, I could call it immaterial. I think whats been important is we see an element of--the opportunity is real. It takes sometimes a little bit longer just in terms of customers wanting to test it before they fully adopt it, but were doing that across the board. I think broader than that, weve seen the fact that were so penetrated in so many different regions, we see now teams [indiscernible] of different products that before we couldnt even think about selling. Were selling our heat exchanger business here in the U.S. - weve never been able to reach the kind of businesses were getting on in Russia. We just signed about a $5 million deal - while its small, it just give you the sense of how we can really take these products into a broader sense. Were educating our teams through it. I think there is a sense of really having a broader product portfolio that we can win share out there, and the fact that were improving now profitability in transit, it also allows us to be a lot more aggressive on going after market share in some areas and drive profitable growth, so just stronger team together.
Scott Group: Okay, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Matt Elkott from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Good morning, thank you. Rafael, I think you highlighted some pockets of revenue growth opportunities for next year, but did you say if you guys expect to grow revenue, total revenue next year?
Rafael Santana: A couple things. Were not giving guidance into next year. I think what I provided was just a perspective on how do I see the recovery taking place. I think theres an element of our business which is tied to services with shorter cycles, and were seeing the recovery there, so with shorter cycle youre able to deliver most of the time in what I call less than six months. Theres an element of equipment which is longer cycle, and Id say a lot of cases youre looking at deliveries above 12 months, and I think the signs were seeing of order recovery, we started to see that, as I described to you with the pipeline, that started first internationally, and we do expect some of those conversions to already start here in the fourth quarter, but North America has been lagging behind.
Matt Elkott: Got it, thats helpful. Then maybe switching over to the transit side, that New York City Transit hybrid locomotive order is very encouraging, but can you help us understand how this is happening at a time when, if this was actually the MTA, I think theyre expecting a deficit of $16 billion through 2024 if there is not federal emergency funding. Is this order basically contingent upon a blue wave scenario next week?
Rafael Santana: A couple things - number one, were not going to comment on any specific customers and customer orders or transactions, but I would say transit authorities around the globe, they are really seeing operating budget constraints. We havent seen, as I told you before, project cancellations at this point. I think there is significant opportunity for those transit authorities to also drive what Ill call a shift to green, and were seeing significant investments on that and that helps a lot of these elements. Thats maybe where Ill finish.
Matt Elkott: Got it, and you did mention that youre having more of these conversations with different customers around the world, about the transit hybrid locomotive?
Rafael Santana: I think theres huge interest on it. Theres clearly an opportunity to already apply some of these in some specific routes, so weve got--well, were going to start a pilot here very soon in California, and weve started some of the elements of what Ill call the next phase, and I think theres some real interest. If you think about the elements of fuel efficiency that could be gained from this significantly, and due to all the dynamics you see in the automotive industry, were seeing really significant progress in terms of just the power density on those batteries, life continues to improve, and cost continues to come down, and thats really accelerating some of the opportunity here that we see.
Matt Elkott: Okay, and then you mentioned California, which kind of reminded me of something thats probably much, much longer term, and its probably contingent on energy, more aggressive energy policies. But I think California a few years ago were talking about tier 5 locomotive - this is on the freight side. Do you think if we have a more aggressive push to implement green policies in the U.S., do you think we could start talking about the next generation of locomotives sometime in the next five years?
Rafael Santana: Well, a couple comments there. Number one, lets just talk about from tier 4 and how much has been adopted and how much has become a significant part of the install base. I think if I look at it, I think its still under--its maybe 1,200 units of tier 4 installed, and if you consider the install base, its minimal at this point. So before we jump into the next wave, I think its important to look at what is available out there and make sure that, I think, ultimately youre taking advantage of the products that have been developed.  Now when it comes down to tier 5, I think battery electric, as I described to you, can really potentially drive even more benefits than simply thinking about whatever tier 5 would mean, so were talking here 15% to 30%-plus reduction on fuel on routes, and thats massive. Thats probably not been obtained through any of the other programs that have been done in the past, so thats why we look at battery electric as really a leap forward.
Matt Elkott: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Saree Boroditsky from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Saree, your line is now live. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi, sorry. I was on mute. Could you just talk about the margin profile on international locomotives, and as you target international locomotive growth, would you expect to see any margin headwinds? Then for my follow-up question, could you just provide the impact on the contract adjustment on freight margins in the quarter, and how should we think about that impact going into 2021 as the Egypt contract rolls off? Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Okay Saree, so in the quarter, the impact of that below market intangible is $12.5 million, so lower than previous quarters, and we expect for the full year that, as weve talked, that its about flat year over year. Then from a profile standpoint, we definitely see that coming down. The specific accounting that youre referring to is--those locomotive units will have been falling off and well see the number decline into next year.
Rafael Santana: But let me be very specific - as we go into next year, were going to see that number to be less than 50 and its going to be limited to the India contract, so I just want to remove any sense that there is a lack of profitability associated with international contracts.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you, and could you provide any color on what is the margin profile on international locomotives, and maybe how the India contract differs from the contracts that youre looking to gain going forward?
Pat Dugan: Yes Saree, so the margin on international projects for locomotives is good. Its obviously higher. This specific accounting item that youre asking was just really related to two new markets, new markets where costs were incurred as part of localization of initial engineering thats non-recurring, and very typical with brand new, new product development and business development opportunities.  But on a go forward basis, we have pockets of international projects where the profitability level is really good. It can be higher than average, it can be--its not really appropriate to look at it as international projects are less profitable in locomotives than the average. It really comes down to how long weve been established and have been operating in those locations.
Rafael Santana: Let me give you more color here. When you look at countries that weve had an established presence, thats been mature with a product thats also been mature, good profitability, and I can speak of places like Brazil, I can speak of places like Kazakhstan, I can speak of places like Australia, of course the U.S. market now, and as you go into new markets, as Pat described, which was the case of India, investing on a brand-new platform, so youre designing a product for the first time, youre investing in infrastructure, and thats where youll see those be on the lower end side. Even in Africa, we went through that in the beginning, and today its a mature market. We have established a mature presence there, so thats maybe the way to think about it.
Pat Dugan: And these decisions to enter into these markets, really its because theyre a strategic opportunity, so you get yourself established, you have a long lived contract with opportunity for lean activities and variable cost productivity improvements, and so when you get in and the initial cost is behind you, you end up with add-on orders and additional units that really enjoy a good margin.
Rafael Santana: And ultimately an install base thats going to be there for the next 30 years, that youre going to be serving on the aftermarket side. 
Saree Boroditsky: I appreciate the color, guys. Thank you for clearing that up.
Pat Dugan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from [indiscernible] from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unknown Analyst: Hi, good morning. Youve touched on the demand side quite a bit, but I just wanted to see if we could dig in to that a little bit more.  You mentioned strength in Latin America, Kazakhstan, some other regions. Maybe you could give us an indication of is that enough to support the backlog, growth in the backlog, or should we expect this kind of secular decline in the backlog until we see a pick-up in demand from North America? Maybe if you could just give us a little more color on the magnitude of the demand that youre seeing and where there are pockets of strength. 
Rafael Santana: Ill just take your question being very focused on the locomotive side. We are like at trough levels here on the locomotive side, and by the time you get pretty close to zero, I tend to think things go up, so the question for me here is more on the pacing, so its more on the pace of recovery. Thats where I started with the elements of the international. I think we see a robust pipeline versus what we saw six months ago, and were starting to see some good indications of potentially converting that. North America is lagging behind.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, thats helpful. Makes sense. Cant go below zero, thats for sure.
Rafael Santana: Exactly.
Unknown Analyst: On the transit side, maybe if you would give a little more color. You had mentioned that municipal budgets and transit authorities are seeing some pressure. Maybe if you could give some color on how thats changing the nature of the discussions with those organizations. Are they looking for more price concessions or that sort of thing? How do you see contracts evolving in that space, given that budget pressure that theyre facing?
Rafael Santana: We had a meeting just two days ago with one of those authorities in Europe, and what Ill tell you right now is they are maintaining their budgets at this point, but of course there is a lot of volatility as he would have described it in terms of what happens here on this wave 2. But they are committed to keep the fleets running at this point and they did not at this point pin down to any project cancellations, so just trying to give you a perspective of one customer. Of course, were working with various customers, very closely, so I think its something to continue to watch. I think the commitment to have trains running and operating, I think its there. Could we have a risk that if this thing delays further, that at a certain point theres delay in projects, I guess that could be a possibility. I wouldnt be speculating at this time, so right now I think the trends, and even as youre looking to some of the industry reports, those point out to [indiscernible]. I think weve got some good indications there at this point.
Unknown Analyst: Thats great color. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you Rachel.  Thank you everyone for participating today. We look forward to catching up with you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtecs second quarter 2020 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, Pat Dugan; and President of Freight Services, Pascal Schweitzer; Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz. Todays slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures, were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on our Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentations. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. And now, I will turn over the call to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us today. And I hope you and your families remain healthy and safe. Before we get started, I would like to once again thank our employees out in the field, in our factories and those working from remote locations for continuing to keep our facilities safe and operational through this pandemic. I am very proud of how our teams has responded to the challenging environment delivered for our customers and supported one another during a time when healthcare, economic and social tensions run high. And you see that reflected in our second quarter results and long-term focus. Turning to Slide 3, we had a strong execution in the second quarter despite a difficult environment. Total sales for the quarter were $1.7 billion driven largely by the international freight market and services, but offset by disruptions due to COVID in both the freight and transit end-market. Adjusted operating income was $262 million, resulting in an adjusted margin of 15.1%, which was impacted by the drop in sales across freight and transit, but somewhat offset by synergies. Cash flow from operations of $311 million was driven by strong cash conversion and good working capital performance. This allowed us to further strengthen our financial position, pay-down debt during the quarter by $300 million and increase our liquidity position by $700 million. Total multiyear backlog was over $21 billion, providing us continued visibility across freight and transit despite market conditions. And finally, we ended the quarter with adjusted EPS of $0.87, demonstrating that we are taking the steps necessary to control what we can, protect the long-term viability of the company and deliver shareholder value. With that, lets dive into some actions underway. As you know, we remain committed to our synergy targets and we are accelerating our efforts here. We have $150 million of net synergies planned for 2020. Year-to-date, we are on plan with over $70 million in net synergies realized and we remain confident that we will deliver on the full run-rate of $250 million in synergies ahead of schedule. Of particular note, we continued the aggressive action on structural costs and lowered SG&A expense by 26% year-over-year. During second quarter, we reduced headcount by 5% and were down more than 10% year-over-year. We have also reduced our operational footprint year-over-year and we are actively driving cost reductions through lean initiatives. To-date, we have exited more than 60% of the shared service agreements from GE Transportation merger ahead of schedule. Looking ahead, the rail transportation market and impacts from the pandemic remain challenged and fluid. While we anticipate market conditions to remain somewhat mixed, as I will share with you in a moment, we believe volumes largely bottomed in the second quarter and we will see a gradual recovery. With this in mind and based on our first half results as well as based on the backlog coverage for the rest of the year, we are issuing a new outlook for the 2020 year. Pending no further lockdowns due to COVID-19 pandemic or resulting negative impacts on our business, we expect revenues in the range of $7.3 billion to $7.6 billion for the year. We will continue to adjust our variable and fixed costs to align with volume realities and we are committed to improving segment margins. We anticipate adjusted EPS to be in the range of $3.50 to $3.80 and cash conversions to be greater than 90% for the full year. This includes roughly $130 million from prior restructuring and transactions cash outflows. Cash conversion within the companys core business is expected to be over 100%. Turning to Slide 4, I would like to discuss the market conditions and drivers we are seeing across the sector. Pascal Schweitzer, President of Freight Services will also hit on some of this in a few minutes. In both freight and transit, we are experiencing mixed conditions as economic recovery begins and commuter travel resumes. And we are carefully monitoring the ongoing impact of the virus in some regions. In North America, rail volumes had a record decline, down roughly 20% year-over-year in the second quarter. However, we have seen rail volume improve since bottoming in the second quarter. Likewise, locomotive parkings, after peaking to a record high in the second quarter, have also shown gradual improvements and we remain positive on the aftermarket sector. In terms of the North American railcar builds, a record one-thirds of the North America rail car fleet is in storage and builders are taking continued steps to slow down production lines in 2020. Industry forecasts currently indicate that the rail car build for the year will be less than 30,000 cars. Reflecting on the quarter, I want to share a couple of highlights. Internationally, rail volumes were more resilient driven largely by agriculture and mining tailwinds. International locomotive shipments were up versus last year and helped offset North America locomotives and freight car build declines, as expected. We continue to see demand for new locomotives in Russia, CIS, Brazil and Australia. Some tenders have pushed to the right due to COVID-19, but we expect this to resolve as economies have stabilized. New growth opportunities for next-gen sustainable solutions also remain strong, especially for hybrids and fuel-saving technology. We are doing some really innovative work in reducing fuel consumptions by 5% through our engine overhaul process. Pascal will share more on this in a moment. We are also currently field testing our FLXdrive locomotive, the first 100% heavy-haul battery-powered locomotive in the world operating in the hybrid [consist] [ph]. So far, we are seeing an opportunity to reduce fuel consumption for our customers by 10% to 30%. We are extending battery technology to passenger transit as well and just closed a significant deal with New York City transit to drive down their overall carbon footprint. Finally, we continue to see our digital electronics product line provide significant productivity and improve safety for our customers. Sales for the quarter were up 4% versus the prior year. Transitioning to the transit sector, the COVID-19 crisis has had a significant impact on ridership and service levels in early second quarter. Since then, particularly in Europe and Asia, ridership trends are showing a slow recovery as economies reopen. This has resulted in some positive activity internationally with new brake, new doors, and HVAC contracts in regions like Australia, Canada, India and the UK. Overall, we believe the long-term market drivers for passenger transport remain intact, especially as governments look to rail as the cleanest, safest and the most efficient mode to address the worlds public transportation challenges. Across the segment, we also continue to drive costs down. We continue to improve project execution and profitability. Lilian and the team are on track to expand margins over time while delivering over 100 basis points of improvement in 2020. With that, lets flip to Slide 5 and I will turn things over to Pascal.
Pascal Schweitzer: Thanks, Rafael. Good morning, everyone. It is good to be with all of you today. I am Pascal Schweitzer and I am the Group President of Wabtec Freight Services. It is a roughly $2.2 billion business with operations in around 40 countries and approximately $12 billion in backlog. Roughly, 80% of our revenues are generated through multiyear contracts, including long-term service agreements, parts contract as well as multiyear modernization agreements. So in short, we are with our customers for the long haul, helping them pull freight in some of the most important logistics corridors around the world. As I have shown before, we are executing on a focused strategy to create value for our customers. This included ensuring that our fleet is performing well and running hard, that we are capturing the aftermarket with a superior product and delivering outcomes for our customers through technology upgrades and new tools. All these while constantly improving our fleets total lifecycle cost. Today, as railroads continue to enhance for productivity and efficiency gains, through initiatives like precision schedule railroading, for instance and in the mixed challenges brought on by the pandemic. This strategy is more relevant than ever. The second quarter, as Rafael explained, we saw significant disruption in many of the regions where we operate. Government shutdowns had an impact on our customer operations and trade volumes globally. As a result, a record number of locomotives were parked in North America. However, despite this, we continue to have a leading and increasing share of the total active fleet. And our customers continue to increasingly prioritize the dispatch of our locomotives due in large part to the performance and reliability of the fleet. I would also like to point out that in the second quarter we need to hit record performance for on-time parts delivery and despite regional disruptions and shutdowns from COVID, each of our more than 100 service locations remained open and fully operational, a huge testament to the team in the field and we see the strong illustration that we do so much more than sell parts. You see thats reflected in the resiliency of our second quarter top line. So, while the uncertainty related to the crisis has led some railroads to delay certain investment decisions, the value of our portfolio remains. We have worked with our customers to align scheduled maintenance plans to the new market realities. And as a result, we have leveraged the full power of Wabtec to increase the scope of our work and to unlock new growth in R&D. Now looking ahead as railroads enter into recovery and the growing level of freights relying on the small number of locomotives, we expect the demand for reliability to be even greater. This will translate into more comprehensive work scopes, into more comprehensive fleet strategies, into modernization opportunities. Currently, we have more than 1,000 modernized locomotives in operation, delivering improved reliability, better fuel efficiency and overall economic performance for our customers. As our customers strategically consider their investment plans over the long-term, the value of modernizations remains very compelling. The second quarter, mods deliveries show good momentum and we continue to have visibility via our multiyear backlog. Now, on a broader international scale, where economies are starting to reopen, we are also seeing encouraging improvement in parkings and operational fleet performance. Just to give you a few examples, in Australia, rail activity has shown good momentum throughout the quarter as China resumed business following the COVID lockdown. In Kazakhstan, year-to-date car volumes are up compared with 2019. Brazil, we see a strong demand with greater dependency on agricultural products, following a record harvest. In India, while there were a significant number of locomotives parked due to the pandemic, this ultimately had little impact to our business as we shifted focus to maintenance. And as of July, all of these locomotives are back in operation. Finally, in North America, as discussed, we do expect carload volumes to continue to gradually improve and parking to progressively recover. In terms of commercial activity for the quarter, the team closed some significant long-term service agreements with Class 1s in North America as well as in Brazil and won a key order for our FDL Advantage product. Going into this product a little bit more specifically as Rafael described, we had around 10,000 FDL locomotives running globally. Any of these locomotives are approaching their second or third engine overhauls. So with these next-gen solutions, we are able to reduce the fuel consumptions by up to 5%. That means for a single locomotive burning around 200,000 gallons of fuel a year, around $25,000 in savings per year. This is an exciting first win that is opening up a multimillion dollar pipeline of opportunity for Wabtec fully in line with our strategy of technology differentiation for the installed base. Finally, I will share a few thoughts on cost management. So last year, we have reduced our headcount by roughly 10% ahead of our synergy commitment and in line with market realities. We have undertaken lean actives to drive cost out of the business, while still being able to deliver for our customers and scale up as markets recover. But to conclude, while the market remains fluid and carload volumes and parking grew significant headwinds, the freight services team had a strong operational quarter giving us confidence that our broad international portfolio, our $12 billion multiyear backlog, and our strong aftermarket rates will position us well into the future. Looking forward, you will see some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter due to the seasonality of maintenance activity due to our engine overhaul profiles and mods delivery schedules. However, the fundamentals of this business and its ability to recover post COVID remains strong. I will now turn things over to Pat to provide more color on the companys overall second quarter performance. Pat?
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Pascal. Turning to Slide 6, sales for the second quarter were $1.7 billion, which reflects a 22% decrease versus the prior year. The decline in year-over-year sales was mainly due to disruption across our freight and transit segments caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. For the quarter, operating income was $159 million and adjusted operating income was $262 million. Thats down 32% year-over-year, mainly driven by the lower sales and the disruption in our operations as a result of the pandemic offset somewhat by variable cost actions and the realization of our synergies. For the quarter, adjusted operating income excluded pre-tax expense of $103 million, of which $72 million was for non-cash amortization, $31 million of restructuring and transaction costs. Take a look at the Appendix D to our press release for the reconciliation of these details. Now, looking at some of these detailed line items, SG&A declined 26% year-over-year to $217 million, including $13 million of the restructuring and transaction expenses, SG&A expense benefited from structural cost actions across the business as well as the realization of synergies. Engineering expense decreased to $38 million or down 33% from last year. Engineering expense moved down with a lower volume outlook as well as some changes in project timing. And amortization expenses were $72 million. In 2020, we expect non-cash amortization expense to be about $290 million and appreciation expense of about $180 million. Second quarter, we had GAAP earnings per diluted share of $0.46 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.70. Details that bridge the GAAP earnings per share to adjusted earnings per share of $0.87 can be found attached to our press release. As of June 30, our multiyear backlog was $21.4 billion. Excluding the impact of FX, backlog is flat quarter-over-quarter, a rolling 12-month backlog which is a subset of the multiyear backlog, $5.3 billion. Our backlog continues to give us and provide good visibility across both the freight and transit segments. Now, lets take a look at those segments, the results on Slide 7. Across the Freight segment, total sales decreased 21% to $1.2 billion in the second quarter, FX negatively impacted sales by about $26 million during the quarter. In terms of product lines, equipment sales were down 37% year-over-year as a result of lower North America locomotive deliveries, which as we have discussed, often can vary quarter-to-quarter due to timing and that was offset somewhat in the second quarter by higher year-over-year international locomotive deliveries and increased mining sales. In the second half of the year, we expect locomotive deliveries to be slightly higher when compared to the first half of this year. And as you heard Pascal discuss, our services portfolio continues to show resiliency despite the OE headwinds. Despite a nearly 18% drop in North America freight volumes for the quarter, services revenues were down 8% year-over-year, a result of lower parts sales due to record locomotive parkings, but that was offset by double-digit growth in mods deliveries. We expect our parts sales to improve with a gradual recovery in freight volumes, recent timing of maintenance and overhaul work edging into the fourth quarter. Digital Electronics sales were up 4% year-over-year on higher sales of distributed power products and signaling projects. Components sales were down 30% year-over-year on lower year-over-year railcar build and declines in key industrial end markets such as oil and gas and power generation. Despite the top line headwinds, evidence of our synergies coming through as segment adjusted operating income was $229 million for an adjusted margin of 19%. Finally, the freight segment backlog was $18 billion about flat with the prior quarter. I would note again that FX negatively impacted that backlog by about $58 million. Turning to Slide 8, across our Transit segment, sales decreased 25% year-over-year to $533 million driven largely by disruptions stemming from the COVID-19 virus, but were also impacted by FX which reduced sales by an additional $18 million. OE sales were down 32% year-over-year on disruptions caused by the pandemic. During the quarter, our operations and our customers operations, which are primarily in Europe and Asia, were negatively impacted by government shutdowns. Aftermarket sales, which were down 18% from last year, were impacted by reduced capacity at many transit systems around the globe. However, as economies have opened up, we have seen a resumption in service, increased equipment deployed, gradual recovery and ridership in most markets. Our adjusted segment operating income was $51 million for an adjusted operating margin of 9.6%. Margin performance was impacted by the lower absorption of fixed costs in the first half of the quarter. However, we are continuing to drive improvements in the transit business and expect transit margins to increase 100 basis points for the year. Finally, the segment backlog was $3.4 billion, also about flat with last quarter. FX negatively impacted the backlog by $79 million versus the end of the first quarter. Now, lets turn to the balance sheet and the cash flow on Slide 9. Cash flow generation during the quarter was strong at $311 million. I would note that we had about $40 million of one-time impacts due to prior year restructuring and transaction charges we had identified on our last earnings call. Our leverage ratio at the end of the second quarter was 2.7x about flat with the last quarter. But our total liquidity at the end of the second quarter, was $1.9 billion, up solidly from the $1.2 billion at the end of the first quarter and total net debt is down about $282 million. Also in July, we took proactive steps to restore a more balanced maturity profile of our debt with a successful 5-year $500 million bond offering that retired $500 million in floating rate notes due in September of 2021. Summary our balance sheet is strong, and we are confident in our ability to generate cash flow, giving us the liquidity and flexibility to execute our strategic. With that, lets move to Slide 10. And I will turn the call back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks Pat. So as you heard throughout the morning and you see on this page Wabtec had a solid performance in the second quarter, despite a weak and fluid environment, a reminder that in difficult times, strong companies must learn how to adapt, find a better way and lead through change. We could not have imagined a greater stress test for our company and how it would perform in a difficult environment than the one we are seeing it today. Over the last 70 months, we have successfully managed a massive merger that doubled the size of this company we have faced into the global pandemic, in an industrial recession in one of the most difficult business cycles ever seen. Yet despite all the odds, we are performing strong and we have delivered a true testament to the team and their commitment to position this company as a stronger and more resilient Wabtec carrying into the second half of the year we would fully expect to see continued headwinds, especially given the uncertainties of COVID-19. Our leadership team remains constant and committed to manage cost and to drive profitable growth that will help us navigate these challenges. I want to personally thank each and every member of the Wabtec team. Again, for all that they are doing in the face of change your efforts are reflected in the results we shared today. With that, I will turn the call back to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of the discussion.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Raphael. We will now move on to questions. Before we do out of consideration for others on the call, I asked you that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up question. If you have additional questions, just please rejoin the queue. With that operator, I think were ready to take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks Good morning and congrats on the quarter.
Rafael Santana: Good morning Justin.
Justin Long: So maybe lets start with the 2020 guidance. So if I look at the revenue guidance, it implies that sequentially in the second half of the year revenue should get better relative to the second quarter. As we think about just the mix implications, can you give us some color on how much of that sequential improvement in revenue you anticipate to come from freight versus transit, and then anything just on a quarterly basis that you can provide to help us think about the cadence of revenue or earnings in the back half?
Rafael Santana: Sure. Justin, let me start first with well, as we look at the backlog coverage for the ranges we have provided we feel strong about that, I think we also feel strong about the strength in the execution. We have got say a strong momentum in terms of both synergies and cost actions that we are taking I think in the second quarter we certainly saw volumes bottoming for our costumers. We think it was also when we think from operational disruptions. I think we also, to some extent have seen the worse. I dont think we are through that; I think we have seen improvement in the transit storage at the end of the quarter point out to that with unparking of locomotives, ridership levels in the transit side have improved a bit but I think the better news there, you have got a large number of trains still operating. So I think we are continuing to see those trends. There is, of course, some volatility as we see, and as we look into the recovery, but we are seeing trends up starting at the end of the second quarter, and we continue to see that through this month of July as well. Pat I dont know if you want to add any more specifics into it?
Pat Dugan: No, I think the one thing I would point out is that when the  when you kind of look at our information though as it becomes available, the mix of aftermarket versus OE that the decline is much more significant in the OE side kind of quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. You see that its really being impacted by the disruption in the industry, in the market. And so I think to get to your question of where and how those recoveries, I think the recovery is going to be in both segments, I think you are going to see it coming back to more typical mix of businesses as the year goes along.
Rafael Santana: I think one of the things we will be watching for is really any push-outs on the decisions which regards to new projects. And I think thats something for us to continue to monitor here as we continue to build backlog.
Justin Long: Okay, great. And then maybe Pat on the cadence part of that question for third and fourth quarter, do you feel like third quarter is maybe a little bit worse and then we kind of build off of that into the end of the year. Any color on that front?
Pat Dugan: Yes, just want to be careful about guidance this quarter and everything. But I think you see sort of a kind of a steady sequential improvement as we go through the rest of the year.
Justin Long: Okay, helpful. And as my second question, I wanted to ask about free cash flow, I know you made the comment about the cash conversion percentage this year, but anymore specific thoughts around free cash flow in 2020 and how that cash could be allocated between debt pay-down and maybe potentially even buybacks? I dont know if thats something you are considering at this point?
Rafael Santana: Well, couple of points. I think we have given clear guidance to cash conversion being above 90%, I think we remain committed to that. And I think we have the areas of opportunities here to act. If you look into areas like inventory, for instance, so we will continue to have strong rigor around that and we feel strong about delivering above 90% cash conversion here.
Pat Dugan: Yes. And as for the allocation, I think its obviously, one of the most challenging times and we want to make sure that we focus on debt repayment and then get into other uses of capital. I dont think  I think its too early to really be talking about anything aggressive or we want to  but we want to remain opportunistic and thats the way we have approached this. We are generating cash, we are meeting our goals and then we are using it to get our debt in the right kind of ratio range as we have always talked about and be opportunistic for all the other things we can do.
Rafael Santana: We remain committed to the framework we presented during the Investor Day. I mean, there is a commitment to continue to pay debt down, but we are going to be looking at opportunities here. And especially, we can see bolt-on acquisitions being I will call more available than they were maybe 6 months ago and that will make sure to evaluate that against the different options. So, we are committed to that framework we presented back at the Investor Day.
Justin Long: Okay, great. I really appreciate the time.
Pat Dugan: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Yes. Hey, thanks and good morning. Maybe if you could  I was curious if you could provide a little bit more sort of color on the outlook for the second half on Freight segment. So looking through sort of equipment and components and kind of getting a sense of how we should be thinking about that revenue rebound relative to what we see in the freight market. Services and digital obviously held up fairly well. But when you think about those two pieces did those kind of move linearly with recovery and volume or how are you guys expecting that to play out in the second half?
Rafael Santana: I think I will probably point out to three things to be a really watching. Of course, the impact for both customers in operation was very significant in the second quarter. As we are going to the second half, I think, first really watching closely on the freight side, the unparking of locomotives. What I feel was North America or international, I mean, we have seen the impacts in the second quarter. And as those un-parking occurs I think we have seen that trend. Its not linear, but I think there are some brighter spots then, but one places versus others. Especially, internationally, Id say we see some of those brighter spots. We see democrats across some geographies and driven by well, either agriculture or specific mining. There is still some markets were heavily under penetrated. So I think we see a good dynamics coming from the, from some of these markets. And it is reflected also in the pipeline of what I call opportunities for equipment deals. So what if I talk about agriculture in Brazil or mining in Australia, we also continue to deliver on our contract in India. You think a country like Kazakhstan's volumes carloads, are actually up year over a year, year to date, and thats also I think, a significant opportunity for us. 
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, that is very helpful. I appreciate that color. And then just a detailed question about the 12-month backlog, I just want to make sure I understand sort of what the progression has been over the last couple of quarters. So that's come down a bit, and I know FX is probably some of it I am just kind of curious, have we seen any of the sort of 12 month outlook get pushed out into the right? I think there was some comments about that maybe on the in the prepared remarks, just want to make sure I am understanding sort of what the 12-month view is, obviously, the long term is very stable. So want to make sure how we are seeing that kind of play out over the course of this sort of more immediate term?
Rafael Santana: I would say certainly, when I look at second quarter, even first quarter, I mean, I cant say those were necessarily great in terms of all favoring a dynamic of order intake. I think when you compare first quarter, against the second quarter, and if you have to exclude FX, you will see in backlog remained flattish quarter over quarter, I think, as we look at has ahead, I mean, we are really in the business of looking for business. We are chasing every piece of opportunity that we can go after. Our strategy here is to grow the business profitably, and so we will continue to act to have a more competitive cost structure than ever before. I think, yes, we are seeing some decisions moving to the right. And I think, especially if you think about some of the dynamics in the transit side with, really despite of the fact that ridership is low, I think we are seeing a number of trains in operation. So operators are really reevaluating some of these but we think the long term fundamental is ratified, look at transit or freight remain strong. And we are seeing a commitment to actually be investing in those modes. And this is part of the solution, as we look out the world ahead in terms of driving more efficient, more productive, less emissions. And I think we sit in a good place in terms of the long term fundamentals for the business.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, okay thats helpful. I appreciate the color. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak: I just want to delve into Chris question a little bit more on the freight aftermarket piece, particularly if it relates to North America. I guess, just given the focus on the rails and in terms of increasing the rotation versus bringing equipment back. I would have thought your fleet aftermarket. I think you said it wouldnt recover one to one, but I would think it would actually recover a little faster as a result of that. Any thoughts there? Am I thinking about that wrong?
Rafael Santana: Well, couple of comments there. Number one, I mean, we felt the impact in the second quarter in North America I mean it is brutal, right? I mean, as you look into the numbers you have heard from the Class 1s I mean we have seen volume reduction, pretty close to those numbers that you have heard I think of transactional parts. And I think some of the Class 1s alluded to, like 20% down. Yes. I mean, we did feel that directly. I think what we have also seen is from the bottoming of the volume, which fundamentally happened in the first two months of the quarter, we have seen that improvement come through. That is also being true not just for North America. We have also seen that into international markets. And we do expect recovery to happen there faster, especially as our fleets are on parked. It is all dependent on the pace in, which those fleets gets un-parked. I think we are seeing a faster rate of recovery on international markets. I think I mentioned here earlier, some of the dynamics on agribusiness mining across some of the geographies that we serve, and we are certainly seeing I see a much faster recovery, in fact, of some customers actually up year-over-year in terms of carloads in some of these geographies.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. Got it. And then just want to turn to transit, in terms of the recovery in terms of U.S. versus global, I know global is a much bigger impact for you on transit, any differences that you are seeing in those markets in terms of how they are recovering or interest in investing in infrastructure going forward?
Rafael Santana: I think the recovery in terms of number one, ridership has been a little bit better in Europe, if you compare against U.S., but reality is it remains well below what I will call the pre-COVID level. So, I think the better side of it is we have seen I think number of trains in service and operations are very significant despite of the ridership being down. So, I think we can also be looking at service despite maybe a lower decline going into a faster recovery. And I think other element is, I think, as far as project scales, we havent seen any again cancellations or anything with regards to the impact of the share. There could be an element of things pushing to the right in terms of just project delays when customers might want equipment. I think thats one of the elements that we are going to keep monitoring.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks so much. I will pass it along.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi, great. Thanks for the question, guys. You talked a little bit about kind of the bottoming in volumes and in ridership in transit. And I appreciate kind of a lot of questions on kind of the aftermarket, but could you kind of clarify what the exit rate trends that you are seeing kind of that improvement off of the down 18% in transit aftermarket and then similarly, in the freight services side kind of how you have seen that recovery progressed so far kind of as we have gone through the quarter and the exit trends?
Rafael Santana: So, I think in terms of the exit trends, I mean, yes, we saw it going back up some of the demand in both  in terms of orders, but in terms of sales, versus the first 2 months of the quarter. I think, in specific, Id say in transit, I think beyond that, I think we have taken significant actions in the business. Lilian and the team is really committed to continue to take the necessary cost actions and I look at a year-to-date we are 110 basis points margin improvement versus the first half of last year. I think we have talked to you about being at least 100 basis points improvement year-over-year. So, despite of what I will call a really unprecedented quarter in many ways, we are very much on track to deliver on that promise. So, still a lot of work to do, still subject to lot of disruptions, but we feel like the team is heading in the right direction here.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. And then just on the synergy targets, obviously, you mentioned that you feel confident that you can get over the $150 million net by the end of this year. I think you have talked about some of those synergies being volume related. So, maybe can you just comment on your confidence is that because you are seeing that volume improve or are you seeing maybe faster footprint reduction than you were anticipating? And then if you can talk at all about maybe the upside to that $250 million since you have mentioned that you will achieve that earlier than you had previously anticipated?
Rafael Santana: Yes, we are certainly  Id say number one reason for that is we do have a pipeline of synergies thats greater than the one that we have provided. So, we are continuing to work on those and they are critical in order to offset any Ill call downside that we could experience along the way. So, we are not giving necessarily any considerations on volume growth at this point as being able to accelerate that. But I think we have got good momentum there. And I think we continue to have opportunity here to provide I will call better news in terms of accelerating synergies as we progress this year and into next year.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, good morning. Pat, maybe just continue on the margin commentary there, what are your thoughts on freight margins now that you have fully integrated with GE and lapping year-over-year. You are in the upper-teens, but maybe just help us think about what happens as asset sales come back online, should we see a mix change do you expect that to move back into the 20 should it stay at this level, maybe just your general thoughts as the mix shifts with business mix?
Rafael Santana: Sure. I mean, when you kind of look at the impacts you have freight car builds that are really at very historically low levels you have North America locos and in the impact of that markets on our business, as those volumes come back on, we have we obviously get really good margins on the on the freight car build and we get good margins on the locomotive builds, on OE and the absorption that comes along with that. So I think that you could see the business and the margins for that freight segment improve with the higher volume It certainly makes sense. The other aspect of this would be digital electronics and, the investment that our customers will make in the growth in that in that revenue area will also provide really good margins for the segment.
Ken Hoexter: So its not like digital has higher margins because of less asset intensity. So therefore, its peakish now and with more assets, it would be pressured you see as the physical assets come back and improving in that margin, just as you get more fixed cost coverage just to clarify on that?
Rafael Santana: Yes, exactly. I think fixed costs coverage is a big part of it, but I think its, also it those are those are good product lines for us and they deliver a lot of value for our customers and I think that is the overall volumes recover and we get industry improve. I think that you will see the margins get back to more historical than typical levels. 
Ken Hoexter: Right. And then for my follow-up, Pascal, you say obviously freight did well in the in holding up in the background can you talk about the mix of contract services versus equipment in the backlog itself in terms of what was added and maybe your thoughts on domestic versus international as well?
Pascal Schweitzer: Look, you want to think about I just want to be a little careful, I dont think weve kind of broken out like each of the, the component, the product line revenue into its backlog and everything. Obviously, we talk in general about the revenue mix in the services, as about half of it comes under the MSA agreements, which is an element of both kind of labor service and parts and other activity. You have mods in there and you have part sales in there. So those are those are basically the rule of thumb that we have been talking about in terms of how to look at that, that product line revenue. And I think the orders that we have come in, kind of hold with that with that mix. It is not absolute every quarter but when you look over a longer period, a year or more, you are going to see your order intake be pretty consistent with that mix of revenue.
Rafael Santana: And maybe to your question about
Pat Dugan: North America back to the international, I mean, what we see is that North America, we have seen these big impact from parking. Now, if you look at the active fleet today, Wabtec locomotives really represent the majority of the fleet that is running today. So this is an effect that is mitigating with high parking number. And the locomotives that are running are running really hard. So in terms of megawatt hour miles per locomotive we have really seen a strong increase, together with the implementation of precision scheduled railroading So which is one thing that is accelerating scheduled maintenance, that is putting more focus on reliability and which is good for services international Rafael discussed it. I mean, Australia is strong, Brazil is strong Kazakhstan, Egypt, many of our big international markets have remained strong. And in terms of in terms of mods with the great work that our supply chain team has been doing to keep our factories open, we have been able to stick to our delivery schedules, and to have a strong quarter as well. So these are really the three building blocks that that can explain this performance, I would say.
Rafael Santana: I think if you look at the last few years we have continued to see an increase in terms of the percent of our fleets running when compared to our competitors, whether if I look at North America or global markets. I think thats an ongoing trend.
Ken Hoexter: Thank you so much. Appreciate the time and thoughts.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you. So, back at the Analyst Day, you guys provided a chart showing the installed base distribution for locomotives. And based on the age profile of the T4 locomotives, it would appear that some of them may be rolling off warranty in the next couple of years. First of all, is that  if that makes sense? If so, would that be a positive for aftermarket revenue on those locomotives?
Rafael Santana: Yes, yes, thats true. Now keep in mind, I mean, this is a big fleet right, we are talking about 23,000 assets as we presented. I think we have a favorable age distribution. The average age of this fleet is only 13 years, which is a pretty young fleet that is going to keep running for a number of years. You have some of the older fleets that are running less you have some of fleets that are coming off warranty, especially internationally. And so you have a number of effects coming together. But true, we have some locomotives coming off warranty and these locomotives start generating service revenue.
Matt Elkott: And then service revenue, that doesnt make it into the backlog number, does it, that you have published at $12 billion?
Rafael Santana: Not necessary, it depends on the contractual coverage that we have for these units.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I mean, you  you have MSAs that are out there depending on the customer and the fleet and their own decision. There might be a contract agreement thats in place. But you could also have customers be doing some of the maintenance on their own with just our parts or somewhere in the middle, its really  its not something as you can kind of paint broad-brush over everybody, it can be a little bit different. And thats why I always go back to the kind of the mixer of the service revenue for the product line.
Rafael Santana: So there is about what $600 million, which is more transactional, which is orders you get on the Gulf, so you might not be seeing those on the backlog to your point out of the total $2.2 billion that make up the bridge.
Matt Elkott: Got it. That makes sense. And speaking of question that may be in that gray area and its somewhat hard to answer, I was just wondering, if we can gauge what percentage of your international backlog maybe for customers that are government-backed entities, federal government backed entities versus state level versus private companies, I know that you probably dont have that specific breakout, but any color would be helpful?
Rafael Santana: Exactly. We dont really have that breakdown like you described, but I mean we can certainly look into that and try to get back to you with at least some color around it.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I would just add  I mean just as like a rule of thumb or something that just to consider. I mean, a lot of our especially in the freight side, our contracts are backed with bank guarantees and other financing thats in place. And when you get on the transit side, especially on the OE markets, where you have the big backlog, those are typically supported with government funding. And often that funding has been in place for years and because they  because the contract was awarded years ago. So, thats just kind of a thing to consider.
Rafael Santana: So, thats one side on the equipment and maybe on the service side they will very often be sold if a services contract on the top of that, because they want to make sure ultimately they maintain the locomotives running and there is an element of continued training to the operators. And what we often see is our fleets running, especially in those remote locations as we support the customers throughout the life of the locomotives.
Pascal Schweitzer: Yes. To look, I mean, internationally, we can pretty often without the proper service we both end up with a brand new fleet of locomotives that is stranded after a few years only we really try to stay close, we have our customers over the entire life of the  over the entire life of the locomotive. We have more than 160 service locations all around the world. So, adding local presence and being able to bring engineering support whether physically or with remote diagnostics is having keeping parts locally is really important for us internationally. 
Rafael Santana: So we are very interconnected with our customers to the point that in a lot of places, we manage the inventory associated with parts coming in and ultimately making sure we guarantee the availability and reliability of those assets. So we feel very much upfront on any of those changes.
Matt Elkott: Great. Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Good morning, everyone. Rafael I am wondering, Im wondering if you could talk about how your MSA is performed in the quarter obviously, really strong services results. Sounds like mods help. But can you talk about the MSA performance in particular and, I believe you get Higher revenue opportunities post PSR adoption and I am wondering, are you starting to see that hitting the sweet spot, if you will? Can you? Can you just expand around those points?
Rafael Santana: Okay. So Ill just start with the second quarter. I mean, of course, the trends were not great there. I mean we saw a decline in some of these items. And I think I mentioned about parts I mean we also saw pressure on the MSA I mean units not just not running as much as they were. But once again, I think as you start seeing the on parking take place, I think we are seeing those trends as early as of June and continuing to July to move in the right direction. And I think we are seeing a good pattern from this point of view. But I think though one thing I want to highlight to you here is we are working with customers to make sure that they have got ultimately, I think the most efficient the most reliable locomotives out there. And these presents to us opportunities to overhaul to modernize and to ultimately also equip them, so they can run a lot of the things you have heard from the Class 1s, how do I run longer trains? How do I get to a more fuel efficiency for those locomotives, and we got to make sure that we are combative does we do that but things like distributed power with LOCOTROL, LXA, Trip optimizer. These are some of the technologies that will enable that and these are in fact, proven technologies that align very well with PSR. And all the efficiency, railroads want to drive and I think, again, very much connected with a lot of the story you hear from Pascal on the services side, and one area that we continue to see opportunity here to grow our installed days and to help customers with a great paybacks. 
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then, a follow-up on mods, Pat, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks. You had double digit growth, to hit the type of outperformance that you had in services versus trade volumes in the quarter, you would see mods, shipments would have to be up, you know, 30% to 40% year over year to drive the level of performance that we saw for you folks in the quarter and I am wondering if you can comment on whats the equity level like for adding mods to backlog? Are you able to essentially maintain the mods backlog as we hopefully see improving Freight conditions entering 21 
Pat Dugan: Yes, so the mods are, they are in the backlog year over year, essentially, we continue to execute on orders received and, it would have been in 2019. And according to the schedule, that are customers and have worked with us on establishing so there is a certain amount of quarter to quarter variability it will come with those mods orders as we execute it sometimes its, to look at it and say this is going to be linear or whatever, or have a trend there, you really have to look at a bigger picture, a bigger number of quarters or a year to date, kind of kind of numbers. So it just so happens in the second quarter that backlog is more staggered in compared to last year. When you talk about order intake for mods going forward I mean, its, I think that there is a lot of interest in our customers to continue to, to use this mod approach to leverage especially in their PSR strategy and, and their fleet and their fleet strategy. Pascal if there is anything you want to add to that?
Pascal Schweitzer: No, I mean, number one, I think if you look at the service number for the quarter, it was not 100% a mod story, right? As we explained, we had a difficult situation in North America due to parking. However, a big portion of our fleet kept running internationally. We saw some strong performance. And then we had a strong mod quarter in terms of deliveries. Now looking forward for mods, I mean, we believe that this is a big opportunity for the railroads, which is fully in line with their strategy, as Rafael said around longer trains, more reliable trains, better economic performance, we have analyzed the fleet in a lot of detail and we have the opportunity to deliver big outcomes and to our customers. So, we are talking about 50% increase in power eligibility, reliability improvement by more than 50%, 10% fuel efficiency improvement, the addition of all our suite of digital solutions, Trip Optimizer, LOCOTROL, LXA. And all this, when you combine it together we believe that this is turning into a very attractive investment proposition for the railroad. Now for them in the end its a question of capital allocation and they decide. I mean we will count to show them the value of our product and we believe that there is a big opportunity to create value for the railroads and for Wabtec at the same time. You can and you will see big swings between mods and so what Ill call new locomotive volumes quarter-over-quarter. Just keep in mind, the same facilities, they are doing the mods or doing the new units and of course, we tend to profile those to make sure mean we are driving good productivity at our plants. So, there could be some significant changes on quarter-over-quarter numbers. I think the seasonality  the seasonality effect is important and you have mods, you have service, you have scheduled, you have unscheduled maintenance, you have the overall profile. There is a seasonality impact and then you will see some ups and downs there.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Appreciate the discussion and congratulations on the strong quarter. Thanks, everyone.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. For the Digital business increase of 4%, was more of that recurring revenue from existing customers or you have been able to convert new customers looking for efficiency in 2Q?
Rafael Santana: Can you repeat that?
Pat Dugan: You broke up a little bit. Steve, can you say it again?
Steve Barger: Yes, sorry. The digital business increase of 4% more recurring customers or were you converting new customers?
Rafael Santana: I think we have  a lot of its associated with I will call existing customers. We have the opportunity here to grow our installed base on some products that are still under-penetrated. I think I mentioned here, LXA as a product. So I mean, we still have an installed base thats relatively small when I look at the potential of this product. And its a key product, especially as railroads look at making longer trains. I think there is some elements here of auto products like Smart HPT that will also enable customers to get significant fuel savings as they run those longer trains, so more with existing products and existing customers. I think one of the big opportunities we have is to expand that share growth and really into the international market. I think we have got some earlier adopters in places like Brazil, in places like Kazakhstan, but we can still be doing a lot into some modern geographies.
Steve Barger: So that was my next question. The digital business is much more North America and less penetrated in international?
Rafael Santana: Exactly.
Steve Barger: And just last one, one quick clarification, Slide 8 says you expect to drive margin improvement in transit through the rest of the year. Does that mean sequential improvement by quarter or is that relative to what you put up last year?
Rafael Santana: I think, again, what we said last year was we are going to drive at least 100 basis points margin improvement year-over-year. And we certainly have actions that support more than that. And I think my commentary earlier was you look at the first half of the year, we are very much on track to do so and actions will continue. Its less about the event. I will call the improvement year-over-year, but making sure that we will continue to drive momentum to, well, get to our entitlement. So I want to see continued momentum there.
Steve Barger: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks for the time, guys. A couple quick ones for you first Pat. So typically third quarter just normal seasonality is lower than third than second quarter, does that sort of normal seasonality apply this year and then maybe just bigger picture when I look at the guidance, showed a faster improvement in revenue growth off the bottom than earnings growth? Maybe just some thoughts there on sort of the mixer or margins as revenue starts recovering? Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Yes. So the seasonality we kind of find that to be a little bit challenging and a little bit, not typical year to year when you would consider all that we have gone through the easy one to point to is the timing of some of our freight services business, we would see a lot of strength of that in the in the third quarter. And then in the my earlier remarks prior March, I kind of mentioned that we see some of that edging out into the fourth quarter. And I think that thats, from what we can tell what our customers we think that thats going to have an impact. I think you also look at that was always a kind of a positive seasonality in Q3 you also had some negative impact of shutdowns and plant slowdowns in the in the summer months in Q3. We are seeing that being a little bit moderated. So I think that the expectation for us in Q3. getting back to normal and next year. and I your point about, about kind of revenue growth outpacing the earnings growth. I think thats a little bit related to the sales mix timing, we, we certainly will see some kind of return to normal and some of our engineering costs and, SG&A being, more consistent with the higher revenues. And I think that will have an impact on our margins a little bit in the second half of the year. 
Scott Group: Okay, thank you. Just last one, if I go back to the beginning of the year, you were talking about $900 million of cash from ops. It looks like the net income guidance is down around $200 million from January. So should we assume a similar sort of $200 million decline in cash flow from operations or is there reasons why it can be better than that?
Pat Dugan: Well, I think you got a, obviously consider the impact of net income In lower volumes on the cash flow, but, the areas of confidence in cash flow and opportunities to do better, really starts with the ability to work with our working capital to reduce our working capital with a lower volumes, turn that into a source of cash, obviously, the cash, the cost savings initiatives that we put in place. And, we continue to execute on some of the tools, the balance sheet tools and the supply chain tools that we replaced from exiting the GE transaction. So all those things I think lead to a lot of confidence in our cash flow generation for the rest of the year.
Scott Group: Okay, great. Thank you, guys. Appreciate the time.
Pat Dugan: Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks. 
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you everyone for your participation. I will turn the call over to Rafael for a quick few comments. 
Rafael Santana : Hey, just one of the most disruptive quarters for us ever with really an impact for both customers and operations, Wabtec employees have been absolutely amazing in their response, and I just want to thank them for the hard work and dedication to keep serving our customers and running our company. Well. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtecs first quarter 2020 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, Pat Dugan; and Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz. Todays slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures, were posted on our website earlier today, and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements were making are forward-looking, and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics, and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully, as you consider these metrics. Before we begin, I'd like to extend wishes of health and safety to everyone on the line as we continue all to manage through this COVID-19 pandemic. And now, I will turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today. We had a solid first quarter that was only possible due to the perseverance of our employees working in conjunction with customers, suppliers and key stakeholders. These are unprecedented times that have forced us all to flex and adapt. And for that, I want to sincerely thank our Wabtec team members in our factories, and in the field supporting our customers, as well as all of those working remotely for all that they're doing to deliver in the face of incredible change. The COVID-19 crisis reiterates the appreciation for the work our team members do everyday, supporting essential rail services that are critical to overcome this crisis. Their work around the world has allowed our sites to remain largely operational, although we had some facilities down in places, including China, India and Europe. As a company, operating in the midst of this pandemic, there are some key essential priorities I'd like to highlight to you. So please turn to slide 3. First, we are committed to protecting the health and safety of our workforce, and we are taking significant efforts across our plants and sites. In many cases, we're going above and beyond the CDC's recommendations or any local government requirements. These actions include daily temperature checks at many of our facilities, limiting [Class IV] [ph] activity by rotating schedules, removing noncritical staff from factory floor, restricting access to work areas, enhanced social distancing, deep cleanings and increased disinfection efforts, among other activities. Second, we're focused on maintaining our operational capabilities. Roughly eight weeks ago, we assembled a COVID response team, comprised of global business and functional leaders. They meet daily to assess and respond to the extraordinary challenges at hand and implement contingency plans across our operations and supply chain. They assess government mandates as well as any impacts to our business in real-time and take decisive action to ensure Wabtec is proactively positioned to manage through today's extraordinary challenges. As I shared earlier, we have an incredible responsibility to help keep people and product moving during this crisis. During the quarter, we began to feel increasing impact of the COVID-19 disruption across our supply chain as well as our operations in our customers' operations. Throughout the pandemic over 80% of our 160-plus global manufacturing sites have largely remained operational. Those that experienced disruption were primarily due to the customer shutdowns, supply chain disruptions or government-mandated lockdowns. These include countries like China which has several sites impacted in February but they were all back in operations by mid-March. We had operations in countries like France, Italy and Spain, which were required to close for several weeks in the first and second quarters, and they're mostly all back up and running now. And it also included countries like India. However, in those regions that were on lockdown, all Wabtec service locations, field service technicians and warehouses remain in operations to support transportation's essential infrastructure as required by the governments. In the United States, rail and passenger transportation has been squarely recognized as critical to essential operations. As such, all of our major manufacturing sites and services and parts locations across Pennsylvania and Texas and most other locations have remained open and operational throughout the pandemic. Third, we are focused on cash and preserving the balance sheet, by working to reduce CapEx by more than 40% versus our prior guidance of $200 million. In addition, we are quickly aligning working capital for the volume environment and targeting improved cash flow conversion. Overall, our financial position continues to be strong. At the end of the first quarter, liquidity was about $1.2 billion, and we recently took additional measures to further enhance liquidity by adding a new undrawn $600 million credit facility after the end of the quarter. Fourth point. Prior to the onset of the pandemic, we were laser-focused on reducing costs and delivering on our synergy targets ahead of schedule. For example, since a year ago, during a period of top line revenue growth, the company reduced headcount, including contingent workers, by more than 1,500 people and had begun to consolidate operations, reducing our footprint by 6% and removing over 1 million square feet across our operations. We're on plan to reduce our operational footprint by another 9% in 2020. We also have captured significant sourcing savings from the merger. We've discontinued several shared services contracts with GE, and we've continued to drive lean across our operations to enable more cost-effective and efficient throughput. We saw the results of those actions realized in the first quarter. And while we anticipate a change in the volume assumptions for near-term synergies, we have a pipeline of actions, and we remain committed to deliver our synergy targets for the year. Today, given the rapidly evolving situation and the uncertainty regarding the duration and severity of the COVID crisis, we have withdrawn our previously issued annual guidance. We will continue to take the necessary measures to control what we can, to protect the long term viability of the company, continue to invest in key technologies and capabilities and deliver shareholder value for the long term. And you're seeing that focus, along with the strength of this franchise and our experienced managed team in our first quarter results. As noted on Slide 4, in the midst of a challenging market that included operational and supply chain disruptions in China, India and Europe, we delivered a solid operational quarter. Sales were $1.9 billion, with an adjusted EBIT margin up 15.7%, driven by strong execution against cost and synergy goals. This yielded $0.97 in adjusted earnings per share, a testament to the team's execution in the midst of a challenging market. Included in our results, we estimate over $0.05 of earnings per share loss due to the impacts of COVID-19, primarily in China and Europe during the quarter. Cash used for operations was $82 million. However, this was in line with seasonality and the one-time outflows due to previously announced restructuring, litigation and transactional charges. Our multiyear backlog of about $22 billion continues to provide visibility across both Freight and Transit. And as we continue to help, support our customers during these times, we are adjusting timing and specifications on some deliveries as needed and remain confident in our backlog. Looking across our Freight and Transit segments, we saw several dynamic market conditions throughout the quarter, many of which we related to the COVID-19 crisis. In the freight sector, North American carload volumes were down about 5% in the first quarter and intermodal was down over 8%. This was largely driven by weak global macro conditions. Carload volumes have further deteriorated in the second quarter as the crisis has accelerated its impact on the global economy and supply chains. This will have a near-term impact on demand for services and components, which will improve as freight recovers. At this point, it is very difficult to predict where carloads will settle for the year given the direct dependency on restarting the economy. In terms of the North American railcar builds, all builders in North America have taken steps to slow production lines in 2020. An industry forecast now indicates that railcar build for the year will be less than 30,000 cars. As you are aware, some of these conditions were present in pre-COVIDs and the collapse of the global oil market, but we had already been taking actions to adjust capacity, as outlined in our investor conference in early March. To be even more proactive, we are taking additional actions to align all of our operations for the new realities we face. Reflecting on the quarter, despite of the challenging global freight segment dynamics, there were some bright spots. Our Digital Electronics sales were up double digits versus the prior year. This gives us further confidence that the business can grow in average faster than the overall Freight segment. Our modernization deliveries showed good momentum, which were up on a pro forma basis versus last year, along with steady international locomotive deliveries, which helped offset North America locomotive and freight car build declines as expected. Transitioning to the transit sector, the COVID-19 crisis and global shelter-in-place orders have had a direct impact on passenger transportation and near-term service levels in some markets. This disruption to services and the impacts on our customers' operations will have a corresponding near-term impact on our OE and aftermarket sales. However, as I shared earlier, most of our transit manufacturing facilities remain operational. Overall, we believe the long-term market drivers remain strong, including the need for sustainable transit solutions and projected growth in both ridership and urbanization. It has wider restrictions, we will see infrastructure spend also recover. I'd also add that we delivered strong margin improvements across the Transit segment in the first quarter. While sales were down 7%, adjusted income from operations was up 14% due to improved mix and early evidence of actions to drive margin rate improvement. Finally, as noted earlier, across both the Freight and Transit sectors, we have strong multiyear backlog. This helps provide stability and visibility to evolving environment demand. With that, I'll turn things over to Pat to provide more color on the first quarter.
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Rafael. Turning to slide 5, you can see that we had a good operating quarter despite an increasingly challenging environment. Sales for the first quarter were $1.9 billion, which reflects a 21% increase versus the prior year. Increased year-over-year sales were mainly due to the merger of GE Transportation, along with higher Digital Electronics and Services sales, offset somewhat by decreased revenues in Freight, Equipment, Components and Transit, as well as a negative impact due to foreign exchange. For the quarter, operating income was $217 million, and adjusted operating income was $303 million, up 30% year-over-year, mainly driven by higher Freight sales and good performance in Digital Electronics, the realization of synergies, as well as a better mix of sales and better operational performance in Transit. Although there are limitations on visibility into the full effect of the pandemic, we estimated the COVID-19 impact on our customers, suppliers and operations during the quarter negatively impacted our operating income by approximately $50 million or $0.05 in earnings per share. For the quarter, adjusted operating income excluded pre-tax expenses of $86 million, of which $69 million was for non-cash amortization, and $17 million of transaction and restructuring costs. Please see Appendix B of our press release for the reconciliation of these details. Now looking at some of the detailed line items. SG&A was $243 million, including $16 million of the restructuring and transaction expenses I just discussed. Engineering expenses increased to $49, due mainly to the addition of GE Transportation. And the amortization expenses were $69 million, but remember starting this year we are excluding amortization expense, which is all non-cash, from our adjusted operating income. For 2020, we still expect non-cash amortization expense to be about $280 million. Other expense was $15 million versus $8 million of expense a year ago. The variance year-over-year was due to severe fluctuations in the FX rates late in the quarter, most notably from the Mexican peso and the Brazilian real. Income tax expense was $38 million. Adjusted income tax expense was $63 million for an adjusted effective tax rate of about 25%. We expect the tax rate for the full year to still be about 26%. In the first quarter, we had GAAP earnings per diluted share of $0.58 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.97. The details that bridge GAAP earnings per share to adjusted earnings per share of $0.97 can be found attached to our press release. As of March 31, our multi-year backlog was roughly $22 billion and our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multi-year backlog, was $5.6 billion. Our backlog continues to provide visibility across both Freight and Transit. Now let's take a look at the segment results on slide six. Across the Freight segment, sales increased to $1.3 billion in the first quarter. This increase was due to the GE Transportation merger, which added $506 million. Organic sales decreased $108 million, primarily due to lower sales of freight car components, due to the decrease in car builds, along with lower sales in freight equipment due to the timing of deliveries. Segment operating income was $162 million, and adjusted operating income was $241 for an adjusted margin of 18.5%. I'll make a note that the margin in the prior year quarter benefitted from the timing of deliveries after the close of the GET merger. Finally, Freight segment backlog was $18 billion. Across our Transit segment, sales decreased to $629 million, driven by disruptions stemming from the COVID-19 virus. Organic sales declined $34 million versus the prior year, but were also impacted by FX, which reduced sales by an additional $18 million. Segment operating income was $69 million for an operating margin of 10.9%. The adjusted operating margin for the segment was 11.9%, an improvement of 220 basis points year-over-year. This improvement is evidence of some early success in the plans and actions the Transit team outlined at our Investor Day in March. Now let's turn to the balance sheet and cash flow on slide seven. We entered the year with a very different expectation of what has ultimately transpired. And while the pandemic presents uncertainty and many challenges, Wabtec is essential to a recovery and we are confident that our solid financial position and ability to generate strong cash flow will enable us to emerge stronger. From a cash flow perspective, the quarter played out about as expected. Our cash flow from operations was a negative $82 million in the quarter, we had about $80 million of one-time impact due to prior year restructuring, litigation and transaction charges, which we had identified in our last earnings call. Our leverage at the end of the first quarter was about 2.6 times, flat with year-end. Our total liquidity at the end of the first quarter was $1.2 billion, down from about $1.6 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. This $1.2 billion does not reflect the new $600 million, 364-day credit facility that we entered into as part of our liquidity planning subsequent to the quarter end, which further strengthened our liquidity position. We have also stressed test our balance sheet under a variety of scenarios and expect to remain in compliance with all of our covenants. In terms of the working capital items I typically review, they are the following: As of March 31, receivables were $1.2 billion and inventories were $1.8 billion. Payables were $1.1 billion. All roughly consistent with the end of the fourth quarter. Our unbilled receivables were $523 million, which were more than offset by customer deposits of $603 million. Now turning to Slide 8. I'll describe some of the actions we are taking to further strengthen our financial position. First, we are lowering our costs across the business. We are swiftly aligning our operating costs with volume realities while remaining focused on achieving our synergy targets. We are taking further actions to lower our fixed costs by driving down SG&A, eliminating discretionary spend, suspending merit increases, implementing a hiring freeze since January 1, along with other actions. Considering our cost structure, about 85% of our cost of sales are variable. And within SG&A, about 15% of our costs are variable or semi-variable in the short term. We expect the incremental cost actions we are taking to drive down SG&A. Second, we are aggressively managing cash and looking to further strengthen our balance sheet. We expect improved cash flow conversion as we reduce our working capital levels in line with the volume environment. We are also reprioritizing some of our 2020 spend to essential and critical items. We've evaluated expenditures that can be paused or canceled, and we are targeting to reduce CapEx by more than 40% versus our prior guidance of $200 million of capital spend. In terms of capital allocation, our approach remains consistent with what we've said at our Investor Day, and we will continue to smartly invest in our people and the business. We certainly recognize the current uncertainties of the macro environment but believe our framework allows us to be flexible and make discretionary adjustments as necessary. We, like many companies, are focused on our business and balance sheet. We are targeting to reduce the debt levels and to increase liquidity. We did recently announce our dividend payable on May 22, but for the short term, we paused our share repurchase program. Keep in mind, we have no major debt maturities due until mid-June of 2021 and remain confident in our ability to access the markets, given our financial profile. We are already taking steps to identify solutions to retire or refinance debt well ahead of maturities, including the opportunities from government stimulus programs and other long-term forms of issuances. With that, let's move to slide 9, and I will turn the call back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Pat. So as you heard throughout today's call, the company performed well and delivered a solid first quarter despite a weakening environment. As we go forward, we remain committed to executing on our strategic plans as communicated during our Investor Day, and we will continue to carefully assess the markets, in which we operate. This includes reducing costs, aggressively managing cash and enhancing our liquidity position, while focusing on what we can control. Well also lean into the strong long-term fundamentals of this company. This includes our $22 billion multiyear backlog, recurring service revenues, broad after market reach, significant install base, technical capabilities, expansive international footprint and a proven leadership team with deep industry domain. In addition, we will continue to invest in technologies and capabilities that will advance our competitive advantage and drive the long-term growth. These are the tangible differentiators that will help us successfully manage today's market headwinds over the long-term and will help us emerge as an even stronger and more resilient company. Before I turn the call over to questions, I want to personally thank each and every member of the Wabtec team for all that theyre doing. Everyday, I hear stories about people jump into action to ensure we keep our customers' operations moving and critical medical supplies flowing into the hardest-hit communities. But I also hear stories of team members going above and beyond to make a difference in our communities. Like our technology team, who are using additive technology to produce thousands of face shields for healthcare workers and first responders, or our teams in Tennessee and in the U.K., who quickly provided radiators for generators at the University of Southern California Hospital and East London's, ExCeL Exhibition Center, which both delivered emergency medical care during the pandemic. These moments and so many more are like them are the stories that fill me and our team with pride. And these are the stories that demonstrate how we will emerge from this crisis even stronger. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Kristine.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move onto questions. But before we do, out of considerations for others on the call, I would ask that you limit your self to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional question, please rejoin the queue. With that, operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys, good morning.
Rafael Santana: Morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Rafael, you had talked about your European, Asian sites from a Wabtec perspective coming back online. But could you maybe talk about how the recovery is playing out in those regions on the demand side? I suspect there's a little bit of a lag there.
Rafael Santana: Sure. I think a couple of comments there, Allison. Number one, I think, as of today, of our 162 manufacturing sites, we only have two that are still closed. And they've got, I'm going to call, specific plans to be open within the next 10 days. So I think thats encouraging to see from that perspective. Of course, I mean, as sites resume, I think were dealing with a lot of government restrictions still. So thats to be observed and were staying very much aligned with our customers to understand how that pace of recovery will take place. And I think if you were to talk to most of our customers, they would describe as volumes really bottoming between, what I call, the month of April and May, and starting to really see recovery through the end of the second quarter and through the second half of the year. So I think that's probably the best description of how we're seeing recovery ahead of us. But we do expect a significant impact in the second quarter based on the bottoming of that volume.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. Understand. And then that $15 million profit impact to the quarter from the closures, is there any way to help us understand what percent went to Freight versus Transit there?
Pat Dugan: Hey, Allison, I would say that the majority of it was in the Transit area. The impact was really kind of disruption to our operations and the ability to maybe complete and ship and recognize revenue on orders or both from a supply chain or inflow of components, but as well our own operations and having the people there and get things completed and things out the door. So the majority of that was in Europe and Asia.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks so much. I'll pass it along.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Long with Stephens.
Justin Long: Thanks, and good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Long: Good morning. Maybe to start with the balance sheet. Pat, you mentioned you've stress tested the balance sheet and expect to stay in compliance with your covenants. But is there any color you can provide on the EBITDA downside scenarios that you're modeling as you think through that? And if possible, maybe talk about the range of free cash flow outcomes in 2020 as you think about the different scenarios that you're assessing.
Pat Dugan: Yeah. Justin, thanks for the question. It's a little bit of guidance and kind of wrapped in there. But what we've done is, just as a reminder, our covenant ratios are about, for this quarter and the next are at 3.5 times and then it reduces to 3.25. Total debt to EBITDA on a kind of a bank basis for calculating that, those covenants. We've done a variety of scenarios. We've looked at percentage drops of, kind of, like -- most likely a deeper case. We've looked at changes within quarters where one quarter is more drastically affected than others. And for the -- and we're -- as we've come out of those views, our covenants, we are staying within those. We feel like our cash conversion is aligned with what we gave in terms of guidance in the Investor Day, a 90% cash conversion that will most likely improve because of working capital management. And so all those things should really given us the opportunity to see strong  we're confident in our strong cash performance and meeting our covenants.
Justin Long: Okay. Thats helpful. And then secondly, just because things are changing so rapidly here. I was wondering if you could provide any update on the quarter-to-date trends you are seeing in the business, just maybe from a revenue perspective. And also, I think everybody is looking back to the last recession as a proxy. Obviously, the business has changed a lot with acquisitions. Is there a way to think back and, I guess, look at the pro forma business and what the aftermarket business did in the last recession on an organic basis as we think about kind of a downside scenario for the aftermarket?
Rafael Santana: So Justin, let me maybe start here. Number one, I think just with regards to cash flow conversion, we see an opportunity to increase debt conversion from the 90% above that we've guided into our Investor Relations. So just keep that in mind. The second piece here is, as we look into the first quarter, I think, as you think about aftermarkets  and I'll break it down here on the freight side, it grew 8% against performance. So I think, we've seen at least a couple of bright spots in the business. And the Services is certainly one of them. Digital Electronics is another one. I think we've talked quite a bit before about the fact that we've got our international fleets are growing. I think we see  especially across customers, there's some, they are being less impacted, especially you're more dependent on agriculture or specific single commodities versus dependence on what I call global trade or general cargo intermodal. So I think that's playing differently across different geographies that we serve. And of course, there's different end markets too, for that context. I think we see mining potentially less impacted than the overall freight market. So we remain confident in terms of the long-term view for some of these segments. We do again expect really based on discussions we had with our customers, to see bottoming of volume between here the months of April and May timeframe with recovering starting to happening the later part of this quarter and through the second half of the year. Pat?
Pat Dugan: Yes. I would just  it's a difficult comparison to previous crisis. I mean, not everything is the same. This is unlike anything that any of us have ever seen in our lifetime. I just keep coming back to the strength of our aftermarket and service business, which will be disrupted, as Rafael talked about, but is obviously critical to any kind of recovery and part of the essential businesses that still operate and, in some cases operate with some strengths. So we feel good about the business, the core business, the base business and the cash flow that it will generate.
Rafael Santana: The last thing I'll add there, Justin, is just we're confident about our backlog. We're staying very close with customers and through that process, of course, there's the impact in terms of shipments based on some of the impacts we've had and our customers have had through the second quarter, but I think the backlog gives us a strong confidence about the long-term views and the fundamentals of the business.
Justin Long: Thanks. And Pat, on the quarter-to-date part of that question, is there anything you can share on how the business has trended from a revenue perspective or just looking at aftermarket?
Pat Dugan: Yeah. It's a little preliminary to be talking about our  about the quarter and what  how we performed in April. I understand the desire to get a little bit of direction there, but it's a bit early. I can say that what we've been doing is focusing on some KPIs, looking at  again, our confidence in our backlog and how that's evolving and looking at our cash performance on a daily, weekly basis. So far, we feel that that performance supports all the comments about our confidence and strength in the overall view of backlog and cash flow.
Justin Long: Okay, fair enough. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Chris Wetherbee: Maybe just drilling down a little bit on the cash flow and working capital. It sounds like there's some efforts as the year goes on to maybe improve the working capital dynamics. Can you talk a little bit about the first quarter and dynamics within working capital, and then how that may, sort of, improve as you move forward through the rest of 2020?
Pat Dugan: Yeah. So we talked about the impact of those one-time items that really did impact our first quarter. We had about $80 million worth of cash outflow, which are working capital items, but that cash outflow related to prior year reserves and accruals that were paid in the first quarter. They were restructuring, transaction-related. They were litigation-related. And so that $80 million did impact Q1. You look at the rest of working capital performance in Q1, you do have seasonality and we have these outflows that happen in Q1, specific to some comp and benefit type things, incentive related reserves. And then you also have a very good performance in Q4 that probably impacted our Q1 a little bit. And what you'll see throughout the year is that our working capital, where we anticipate the normal performance where you  it becomes a source of cash throughout the rest of the year. And then you layer into it the impact of a business that we've talked about, the disruption that's occurring related to the virus and in our operations and revenue, and you would anticipate that the working capital would become a bit of a source of cash over the course of the rest of the year. So we feel like that working capital performance and for the remaining quarters will help us drive our cash conversion up for the remainder of the year.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, okay. That's helpful. I appreciate that color. And then just maybe thinking bigger picture about the Transit outlook, and maybe how we can think about government budgets, just potential longer term changes post-COVID-19, are there any beginnings of thoughts around how this business might look and the shape or trajectory of this business might look in sort of a three to five-year window? I know it's early on in this process and we're still learning about it, but kind of curious maybe, Rafael, your thoughts around how this business might evolve over time, if it will be sort of impacted?
Rafael Santana: I think what I'd say is the short-term, I mean, certainly, ridership has been impacted. But as we look at really the restarting of economies, I mean  and if you look at some of the Transit systems and implementation of, what I'll call, safe distancing, it's going to demand more trains, more investments. So we're certainly looked at as, I think, a positive for the Transit segment. So I think we continue to see demand there, and it's certainly part of also a commitment of continuing to, I think, moving things in a better way. So I think, well, we're bullish there. And I'll just take the opportunity to also mention, as we think about some of the dynamics on the freight side, I think we also see, I think, potentially some opportunities playing out of this, which would include elements of -- I think, some of our end markets really valuing a lot more reliability in terms of their supply chains. And there could be an element, especially for North America in terms of near-shoring or on shoring some of the supply chain. So those are probably, I think, a couple of things that we could see out of this that would certainly drive volumes and trends up for the end markets we serve.
Chris Wetherbee: Got it. Great. Thanks very much for the time. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you. So a lot of the North American freight railroads talked about -- I think, they still want to do locomotive modernization. Some may actually use the downtime to do more. But they're also, like everybody else, cutting capital expenditures. Where we stand now, Rafael? How does that impact the outlook for modernization this year? Are we looking at fewer modernizations or in line or up?
Rafael Santana: I think, at this point, we see a continuous commitment to the modernization program. It's a big part of how you drive efficiency and productivity into the customers' operations. And I'll probably add to that, some of the elements of our digital electronics business as well. So we're seeing a commitment there. And I think there's continued opportunity to play that also internationally. And I think we're currently discussing a few opportunities to drive upgrades internationally as well and continue to grow from the opportunity to highlight end of last year.
Matt Elkott: But it's too soon to say whether modernization revenue would be -- directionally, how it would look relative to your expectations a few months ago?
Rafael Santana: I'd say, I mean, we're confident about the backlog. And I'd say we've walked into this year with that backlog fundamentally secured. And it was the same with regards to new locomotives, which was expected to be down. I do want to remind you that, for the first quarter, and we had -- I mentioned that before, we expect both new locomotive shipments and modernizations to be lower. So -- and that was even pre COVID, but I think we remain confident about the dynamics of demand for mods in the business.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And just one more question. If you can just talk broadly about the impact of lower oil prices on the different part of your business.
Rafael Santana: Okay. So if you think about lower oil prices, I think, as far as the freight market goes, it really calls for about 7% of what North America Railroads transport. That's probably where we would see most of that impact. I'd say, less than a-third of that 7% is really tied to any variation of what I'll call in the price of oil per se. So it's less about that. And I think the one area to watch out is some of the energy markets that we serve with our products, and that's an area we'll continue to watch. I think, as we really follow with customers here on how they're seeing volume ahead, I mean, we're very much committed to make sure we're taking the necessary cost actions to adjust the different parts of the business to face these new realities.
Matt Elkott: Great. Thanks very much.
Rafael Santana: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone. I'm glad you're all doing well. I'm wondering if you could talk about the opportunities to accelerate the cost-reduction targets as a result of the weaker demand environment, anything that you could do to come out step ahead on the strategic front out of this lower volume environment? And if you could talk about your expectations for synergies, savings cadence over the course of this year, given the evolving playbook, that would be helpful.
Rafael Santana: Let me start and Ill maybe pass it on to Pat. I think, I probably start with just SG&A is down from the first quarter about 70 basis points. Hopefully, you've seen that a lot of these actions were taken in the back of the year. So if you look at 2019, we were actually growing volume above 5% and we took more than 5% headcount down during that time. So we are committed to take the necessary actions. They're challenging tough actions, but necessary to the environment we have. And we're going to continue to do that. We've had announcements in terms of reductions in some of our key sites. And we'll continue to move in that direction. Earlier on, we talked about CapEx, and we're implementing more than 40% reduction. I want to balance that with the following comment. I think a lot of that CapEx reduction was tied to projects that we have volume associated with it. So we're either deferring or postponing some of these as we gain better visibility ahead. I think, I do want to, again, emphasize our commitment to R&D and continue to invest on some key programs that will be differentiators for us, as we highlighted in the investor conference we had. I think the other elements has been really consolidating footprint. Last year we did about 6% of footprints of consolidation and that was about a 1 million a square feet. Were going to be executing on our 9%, so thats also going to be an element of how we continue to drive cost down and were  as I think about the synergies per se, we're absolutely committed to the $150 million of synergies for the year. We do recognize there could be an element of the impacts associated with volume, but again I think we will continue to take further actions to make sure that we deliver on that maybe Pat?
Pat Dugan: Yes. I would just add were trying to be very disciplined about what we measure is synergies versus just adjusting the business for the volume realities. Were doing both at the same and so if you just go back to your kind of the original question, is therein we can do strategically to accelerate. We had already accelerated the synergy plan that we would hit our run rate a little bit earlier. We are going to continue to execute on all of those  all of those expectations, all those plans and that they can and will be looked at as maybe done a little bit earlier based on volume, but nothing that we want to really highlight at this point in terms of giving a number or anything plan specific. All I can tell you is that we are working on everything we can to make  to ensure that we  and we expect to get those synergies, but to do more in terms of additional cost because of the change in the environment.
Rafael Santana: Expect us to use every lever in the business, and we'll continue to evaluate those and make sure that we exercise those as we're looking to new realities ahead.
Jerry Revich: Okay. I appreciate the color. And then in terms of services and electronics specifically, how discretionary are aspects of those product lines in this type of environment where volumes are down 20% for your customers? I'm sure they're also targeting OpEx reductions as well. Can you just talk about how critical the services are? Do you expect to continue to outperform in your services versus freight volumes? Just high-level comments there would be great.
Rafael Santana: Okay. Well, first of all, there's certainly an element of impact there as customers park locomotives, especially in North America, in the light of volume bottoming. I think we said before, I think we have a younger fleet. Fleet of locomotives are productive than our competitors locomotive, so I think were in better position in terms of being able to navigate through this downturn. And I think a lot of the solutions that we have in the digital electronics, even though, to your point, some of that could be discretionary spending, I think a lot of those play strong in terms of allowing customers to get really lower costs, lowering expenses, and ultimately getting the benefit with relatively short-term, and  so we continue to expect strength on those product lines.
Pat Dugan: Yes. I just -- I'm going to just reemphasize what Rafael just said is that the service side of our business helps our customers drive efficiencies and reduce operating expense. It's really  it's some of the premise of PSR, but and I  you would think that that would continue as we go through the rest of the year.
Jerry Revich: Okay. I appreciate the discussion. Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Morning guys.
Pat Dugan: Scott, good morning.
Scott Group: So, can you help us think about the  with Transit ridership down at least so much in the near-term, is that having more of an impact on OE or aftermarket, how do we think about margin mix within Transit right now? I know there was a comment in the release about committed to segment margin improvement, does that apply to both of the segments this year?
Pat Dugan: So maybe you start, I think as you think about Transit, man I think we're seeing that customers continue to be committed to I'll call the projects, per se, there could be an element of, Ill call impact of what I call services for the short-term just phased on, well, ridership being down. I think, again, we're probably going to see and as we talk to customers. I think there's an expectation that the bottom of that has really happened between here, the month of April and May and I think ridership is expected to be ramping back up as we go into the later part of the quarter, and into the second half of the year. So I think that's one element. I think a lot of the dynamics what you saw in the quarter, per se, I think that referred to the -- over $0.05, without the impact on EPS. I think a lot of that came really associated with our inability to ship due to shutdowns. And those were either to our own plants, especially in -- I'll probably mentioned here India and parts of Europe. And, well, of course, we have customers impacted through that as well. So in some cases, the inability of customers receiving some of these shipments. But, again, I think, we have a solid long term view here for the business and we're confident about the strong fundamentals. So that's
Pat Dugan: Yeah. I think, kind of getting to your question about what do we think about the impact of transit ridership being down. I think, kind of, near term you're seeing a little bit of a mix of fewer trains running, but maybe some pent up demand for some maintenance and services and safety stock. So some of that is definitely occurring. I think, that kind of more longer term impact of the -- of a quarter or more of the lower ridership will -- is to be seen and part of the reason why we talk about our top line guidance the way we have is, we still have to see how this unfolds. But, long term, our -- the areas that we're operating in are heavily dependent and continue -- and will continue to rely on transit. And what -- in some way it may become opportunistic as everybody kind of figures out what Transit looks like in the future.
Rafael Santana: And I think when you reflect on the margin improvements, I think we're continuing to see the quality of the order intake, margins continues to improve there, so the orders are coming in and there are pieces we're seeing operational improvement in the business. That speaks to improvement, on time delivery, reduction on cost of quality. Of course, these comments are pre-COVID. And we'll be assessing how COVID will be impacting some of that. But we're committed to the margin improvement on Transit segment.
Scott Group: Okay. And then, I want to sort of see if, maybe, we can get a little bit more color. I understand you won't give us April revenue and that's fine, but we're lapping GE, we don't really have any KPIs to track, there's not great sort of conflict directionally. Is there any sort of color on sort of how to think about revenue right now, down mid single, down high single, double-digit, strong doubles, like, any sort of directional color, just because it's -- with you guys, it's particularly tough right now relative to some of the other companies.
Pat Dugan: Yeah. I appreciate the question Scott, I don't -- with kind of pulling the guidance, I think, for the year, I think it's a little bit difficult to put anything out there. April for us is still being kind of accumulated and looked at. We feel good about -- as we're measuring where our backlog is and our cash flow performances and we feel like it's well within some of the scenarios that we had outlined, but not -- nothing that we really want to talk about publicly right now in terms of guidance.
Scott Group: Okay. Perhaps in the Q, maybe an update on April would be helpful. Okay. Thank you guys very much. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies.
Saree Boroditsky: Good morning. I think you mentioned mining being less impacted than the overall freight market, could you talk about what you saw from the industrial business in the quarter and how you're thinking about demand there for the rest of the year?
Rafael Santana: Yes. I think when we think about the impact, I think certainly the energy markets is the one that were fully more concerned about and the impact there as we serve some end customers on that regard.  Were working very closely with our mining customers and staying very closely with Komatsu here. I think we continue to see opportunities for the services of that business. And I think we're seeing certainly less of an impact there. Anything else you would add here, Pat?
Pat Dugan: No. I mean, I think that some of the industrial markets are really  they're tied to oil and gas or our heat exchange business and some of our turbocharger business. And we've seen some decline in the quarter. We imagine that, that decline will be sustained a little bit with the price of oil.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks. That's helpful. And then you talked about continued strength on the Freight Services side. I was just wondering if you're seeing any of the rails perform more in-house services given the lower volumes?
Rafael Santana: Could you repeat that again, please?
Saree Boroditsky: You talked about continued strength in the Freight Services side, so I was just wondering, in your conversations, if you've seen any of the rails perform more in-house servicing?
Rafael Santana: I'd say, no, we haven't seen any significant change to that. I think, in fact, we have some opportunities here to help the railroads potentially driving efficiency through that process. So if you think about mods and some of the elements of things that we do on the services side of the house, so I think that's a continued opportunity for us. We don't see that as an impact to our revenues right now.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Thanks for the questions guys. Can you just comment a little bit on the shut-down in India? Obviously, they make up a large portion of the backlog on the freight side and on the local delivery side. Can you just comment on your ability to kind of catch up by the end of this year or whether we should be thinking about some of those expected shipments getting or deliveries getting pushed into, into 2021?
Rafael Santana: So I'll say our sites resumed operations today in India, except for one of them, which I think we have a clear line of site to starting back up within less than a week. And I think, were going to be watching really closely here but right now things seems to be really moving in the right direction and we would have the ability to catch up for the year. And even as we look at it in the quarter, there has been, I think, potentially some opportunity to partially recover some of the volume lost there in terms shipments. Does that answer your question?
Courtney Yakavonis: Yes. That's helpful and then also you commented on kind of quantifying the COVID related drag on the quarter has been about $0.05 or $15 million. Can you just comment what exactly you're including into that, and how you would break that down between Freight and Transit?
Pat Dugan: Yeah. We didn't view it as  when we were talking about this, this is not something we added back. We just highlighted it for  just for exactly this question. I mean, and the mostly it's revenue impact to our operations in India, the ability to get some of our loco build finalized. But Ill also plan, we have a pretty sizeable Transit business in India that was also impacted. And again, it was just the timing of shipments and  production and shipments in the quarter -- at the end of the quarter. The rest of the impact is European operations were shutdown or partial shutdowns occurred. And again maybe something  things weren't shipped and the revenue recognized or our inputs components from suppliers didn't arrive in time and we werent able to complete the project. So all those things, kind of, added up into the $15 million worth of EBIT impact. We did not have a lot of -- we had some, but nothing worth highlighting like cleanup costs or any things like that. We clearly were taking the appropriate steps to protect our employees to make sure that anything kind of cleaning or any kind of disruption that way were viewed, but the $0.05 that were talking about here were really revenue disruptions.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Thanks. And then just one more clarification on the 9% footprint consolidation was that incremental to your previous plans or was that kind of what's expected to achieve the synergy targets you guys are putting?
Rafael Santana: That was within, how we would have achieved the synergy targets for the year, so totally tied to the $150 million that we're committed to deliver during the year.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, good morning, Pat and Rafael. Interesting. On the confidence in the backlog, maybe you could just talk a little about this. I just want to see, have you had customers come in and have discussions about shifting? Maybe you could talk to us and give us some precedent in prior downturns how has that committed spending been. And is the  is that tied to production schedules in terms of the backlog, can they shift delivery times and push that out? Just want to understand how the timeframe works on that backlog as well? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Yeah. So I think you bring a great point. I mean, this is not the first downturn we're going through. We will operate and work very closely with customers here, and we're confident about that $22 billion backlog at this point. Were, of course, working with customers as COVID has impacted operations, so there could be shift in terms of when some of these projects are shift. But overall, confident about delivering on that backlog.
Ken Hoexter: Yeah. Just can you expand a little bit on that, Rafael? Have customers come and ask for delays? I just want to understand the commitment on that?
Rafael Santana: I think the backlog largely, again I think we are executing through that backlog. The elements of delay are really associated with some of the dynamics we see in the quarter whether its due to our  I'll call own inability to catch up on some of the elements of this delivery just based on the shutdowns we've been subject to, or customers' ability to also be receiving or executing through that. So, I think -- again, back to my original comment, the confidence on the backlog is there we'll always be working with customers proactively on that regard.
Ken Hoexter: But no comment directly on if customers have come and asked for delays, or what the negotiations like. I think I'm just trying to understand how that...
Pat Dugan: So, Ken, I mean, the -- I think, some of it -- we're constantly in conversation with all our backlog and all our customers about the timing of deliveries. And so it does have an impact. When we kind of look at the current year, right now, we have a lot of confidence in these -- in the current scheduling in terms of manufacturing and delivering, but it will -- you do have this kind of constant demand on us and our customers to kind of work on when and how we're going to deliver the backlog. So it's not kind of simple as youre saying. Well, have they, all of a sudden, just showed up and asked the question, this is how everything unfolds every year.
Ken Hoexter: Okay. And then just on the second part of that, was that -- is it tied to your production schedules. Do they -- can they shift the delivery times? Is that part of the backlog discussions you have?
Rafael Santana: I think there's a mix, there's an element of, I'll call, long term orders that were certainly executing through it. There could be delays there. I think the area where you could see some variations really tied to more transactional volume associated with potentially fleets are parked and maintenance, to some extent, that's going to be deferred, just the fact youre not utilizing Wabtec. And most of that impact is certainly going to be felt here I think in the second quarter, based on my earlier of bottoming of volume between the months of April and May time frame. And they do expect that to resume as we go forward, so at the end of this quarter in the second half of the year.
Ken Hoexter: Great. And then, my follow-up, on Courtney's question before about the 9% footprint consolidation. Maybe just expand on that a bit. Are you doing any structural changes now that you look at post-merger and given the downturn in demand? Do you see like yourself accelerating some of these structural changes? Or are you saying, with $150 million, you're sticking with the target, maybe you've accelerated that plan within that target, but there are no new moves that you're putting within that, that are clearer now that you've got downturn and can make bigger changes.
Rafael Santana: So, certainly, I think volume reductions allow us to potentially look at, I'll call it, accelerating some of these elements. And I think when I go back to our comments of staying committed to deliver on the $150 million of synergies for the year, there's certainly an element of that. And despite of any, I think, volume reductions we're seeing there on the synergy, especially, you could think from a sourcing perspective, there could be, I'll call it, an impact there. I think, we've got areas of opportunities here to continually to take action on.
Ken Hoexter: All right. Thanks for the time, guys.
Operator: Our next question come from Jeff Gates with Gates Capital.
Q  Jeff Gates: Yeah. I have a question. If I look at the GE business that you purchased, can you talk about the seasonality of that? And it looks like the first quarter from the pro formas you gave last year show that it's typically very seasonally weak in the first quarter. And I'm just wondering, what is it about that business that makes it so seasonal?
Pat Dugan: Jeff, I think the seasonal aspect of this business  and Rafael may add on to this, is that is the service side. I think our customers have a kind of overweight in the loco areas, the service business, into the third quarter and not so much in the first and in the fourth. And so thats the real seasonal about it. But when you kind of look at it over a multi-year period, you do have the impact of projects, which is OE and is driven by customer demands and expectations their own fleet, their own fleet strategies for new equipment and then international projects, too. So that can kind of create some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter in terms of revenue recognition. But the true seasonal part which is the Service in North America and international locomotives tends to be very heavily weighted into Q3 and not so much in Q1.
Jeff Gates: But am I thinking about it correctly that the GE business, the first quarter is more seasonally weaker than the legacy Wabtec business?
Rafael Santana: I think sure, to look historically I think there could be elements of like weakness in the first quarter. But back to Pat's comment, it's really more tied to time of projects than anything else. And as I look into specifically this quarter, we did have both elements of not just lower shipments on new locomotives, but we also expected lower shipments on the modernization side. And those were even break of that. So largely, again, project-driven.
Pat Dugan: And I would add one other element. And I don't know how many periods or what periods you are comparing but theres  if you go outside of the numbers that we've provided, you have different revenue recognition standards and that would, would maybe exaggerate some of the seasonality but I think that it's fair to say that Q1 is seasonally is lower on service side, Q3 is a little bit higher. Wabtec on the other hand, which is doing freight car, service and maintenance maybe a little bit different but now it's a much smaller percentage of the total, the total business where that seasonality would be more Q1 and less than Q3. So, a lot of things to kind of add and subtract from them.
Jeff Gates: Okay. Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Yes, thanks.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Eiley, and thank you, everyone, for participation today. Hope everybody stays safe and healthy. We look forward to speaking to you soon. Goodbye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investors Relations.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Wabtecs fourth quarter earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, Pat Dugan; and Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz. Todays slide presentation along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on our Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. And now, I will turn the call over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Hey, thanks, Kristine, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Today, I will share some thoughts on the fourth quarter and overall 2019 performance. We will discuss the rail transportation market, as well as provide an outlook for 2020. Then, Pat will cover the quarter in greater detail. Turning to slide three. You can see that we delivered a strong financial result for 2019. In particular, we had a solid cash generation of more than $1 billion, which exceeded our guidance, driven by strong working capital performance. This allowed us to strengthen the balance sheet by reducing debt by over $500 million since the end of the first quarter, which creates the flexibility needed to fund future strategic organic and inorganic growth. In line with our goal to drive continued margin expansion, adjusted operating margins for the full year were roughly at 14%, as we continue to deliver on cost management actions and synergies stemming from the Wabtec and GE Transportation merger. Total adjusted income from operations for the quarter was $313 million, driven in part by year-over-year growth in both Freight and Transit. Id like to emphasize that total backlog increased in the fourth quarter driven by international freight, services and a significant digital electronic order that will drive enhanced network optimization for a Class 1 railroads, each provided a strong foundation for visibility and growth in the future. Finally, we ended the year with adjusted EPS within our prior guidance range of about $4.17. We hit roughly $30 million in net synergies for the year, which exceeded our net $20 million target and puts us on a path to deliver a total of $250 million in synergies before 2022. Looking to 2020, we will continue to take actions on improved project execution, particularly in Transit and we remain focused on the prioritization of resources and prudent capital allocation. We expect market conditions to continue to be challenging, primarily in the North American freight market, but our diversified global portfolio, significant installed base and backlog will help us navigate these headwinds. With these factors in mind, we forecast that 2020 revenues will be about $8.7 billion. Margins will grow about 100 basis points, driven by synergies and further improvement in the Transit segment. EPS will grow and we will have another strong cash generating year allowing us to further strengthen the balance sheet. Finally, this morning, the company announced a $500 million share repurchase authorization. The program reinforces our confidence in the company, our ability to generate strong cash flows through the cycle and deliver shareholder value. As we turn to slide four. Id like to cover market conditions we are seeing across the Freight and Transit segments. Let me start with Freight. Our business performed well despite continued challenging conditions in North America. North American carloads were down about 7% in the fourth quarter and were down about 4% for the full year versus 2018. This was driven largely by trade uncertainty, weak global macro conditions that have led to drop in intermodal traffic, declines in commodities like coal and agriculture. We expect carload volumes in 2020 to be flat to slightly down versus last year and we forecast that the railcar built to be about 40,000 railcars versus about 58,000 in 2019. And we anticipate that locomotive deliveries to be down double digits versus 2019 driven by North America. These assumptions are included in our 2020 guidance. As we have shared on previous calls, lower carload volumes along with Precision Scheduled Railroading are having an impact on new loco orders. However, the impacts continue to be partially offset by international orders, growth in services, including our modernization program and aftermarket sales. We remained very aligned with our customers in driving efficiency and productivity across their operations, through advanced technology, digital solutions and unique service offerings. Our digital electronics business saw solid momentum with backlog up double digits in 2019. This gives us further confidence that the business can grow in average faster than the overall Freight segment. Across our international installed base, we continue to see strong opportunities for growth, especially across Asia, in regions like Russia, CIS, Australia and India, where we have delivered over 100 locomotives in 2019 as part of our 1,000 locomotive contract. In the Transit segment, we continue to see steady growth in ridership and urbanization. Investments in transit rail systems across Europe, the U.K. and even in certain U.S. markets are presenting unique opportunities for growth. This includes growth in infrastructure spending in established economies like Germany, where rail spending is steadily increasing due to the shift to green in emerging economies like India, where we are uniquely positioned to win. In the fourth quarter, we were able to take advantage of this growth trends, with notably orders in brakes and doors across India, Europe, U.S. and Asia. And across our segment portfolio we have firm multiyear backlog that will contribute to grow. With that, I am going to turn it over to Pat, who will provide a deeper dive into the financials.
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Rafael. As we turn to slide five, you can see that we closed 2019 on a solid note and build good momentum to more than offset the challenges in the North America freight market. Sales for the fourth quarter were $2.4 billion. That increased year-over-year sales were mainly due to the merger of GE Transportation, by OE mix and increased revenue in Transit, offset somewhat by foreign exchange, as well as lower sales for railcar components. To provide improved transparency, starting this quarter, we have recast our segment sales into new product line disclosures. You can find additional details describing the new product lines in Appendix F to our press release issued this morning. You can also see all GAAP and adjusted numbers for the year in the reconciliations that we also have provided. For the quarter, operating income was $226 million and adjusted operating income was $313 million, mainly driven by continued strong improved performance in services along with locomotive deliveries. Adjusted operating income included $16 million for non-cash policy harmonization. That number is consistent with estimates in our original guidance at close of the GE Transportation merger. However, this excluded pretax expense of about $71 million for transaction, restructuring and litigation costs. Please see Appendix D in our press release for the reconciliation of these details. Now, looking at some of the detailed line items, our SG&A was $324 million, including $61 million of the $71 million in expenses I just discussed. We expect the adjusted run rate number to be about $270 million per quarter going forward. Engineering expenses increased to $60 million, due mainly to the addition of GE Transportation and the amortization expenses were $65 million for the quarter. Net interest expense of $58 million was due to the higher debt balance and the adjusted net interest expense was $55 million. I always want to emphasize that we are focused on generating cash to reduce our debt balance and reduce our interest expense. Going forward, we expect interest expense to be about $50 million per quarter. Income tax expense was $38 million, excluding the net tax benefit from transaction costs for the GE Transportation merger adjusted income tax expense was $63 million for an adjusted effective tax rate of about 24%. In the fourth quarter, we had GAAP earnings per diluted share of $0.71 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.04. The details bridging GAAP EPS to the adjusted EPS of $1.04 can be found attached to our press release. EBITDA which Wabtec defines as income from operations, plus depreciation and amortization was $337 million and adjusted EBITDA was $424 million. Adjusted EBITDA included the $16 million of policy harmonization, but excluded the pretax expense of $71 million, which I had previously discussed. Depreciation was $45 million versus $15 million in the year-ago quarter, the increase, obviously, due to the GE Transportation merger. For 2020, we expect depreciation expense to be about $180 million. Amortization expense was $66 million for the quarter, compared to $10 million in last years quarter. This increase was also due to the merger, for 2020 we expect amortization expense to be about $280 million, which in 2020 will be excluded from our adjusted results as part of our cash EPS. As of December 31st, I want to emphasize our multiyear backlog was roughly $22 billion and our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of that multiyear backlog was $5.6 billion. Our backlog remains a solid foundation and will allow us to continue to navigate the market headwinds that we are facing. Now turning to the segments. It is important to note that the recast of our segment and product lines has resulted in some businesses reclassified to different segments. This has caused the prior year segment results to be revised and those results can be found in two areas, Appendices G and H attached to our press release. Looking at the Freight segment, sales increased to $1.7 billion in the fourth quarter. This increase was due to the GE Transportation merger again adding $1.3 billion. Organic sales decreased $22 million, primarily due to lower sales of freight car components and industrial products. Segment operating income was $239 million and adjusted operating income was $270 million for an adjusted margin of 16.1%. For 2020, we had -- have good visibility into our OE deliveries through the multiyear backlog. Finally, segment backlog grew slightly from last quarter to $19 billion on new international orders. Now looking at our Transit segment, sales increased slightly to $701 million, primarily driven by growth in aftermarket sales. This increase was due to organic growth, which was up $19 million and acquisitions adding about $2 million, which more than offset a negative FX of $16 million. The fourth quarter marked the ninth quarter in a row that we have delivered organic sales growth, which shows that our near record backlog continues to drive multiyear topline visibility. Segment operating income was $39 million for an operating margin of 5.6%, excluding about $11 million in restructuring expenses and including additional charges related to the U.K. refurbishment projects, the adjusted operating margin for the segment was 7.1%. As it relates to the U.K. projects, we have made several changes in recent months. This includes changes in key management and taking prudent action on driving better project governance. We are no longer taking on these type of projects. As for the existing backlog, we have completed about 75% of those refurbishment projects in the U.K. and have a strategy in place to accelerate the rest. Going forward for the Transit segment, we will continue to enhance our efforts to drive a lean culture with cost out improvements, have better delivery and better quality, and are confident that we can drive about 100 basis points of margin expansion across the Transit segment in 2020. Now, lets turn to the balance sheet and cash flow as described on slide six. We exceeded prior guidance for the year and generated about $1 billion in cash from operations. This was the result of better financial results, improved working capital performance and the timing of cash payments received. Now to touch on the components of our working capital, as of December 31st, receivables were $1.7 billion, which is consistent with the third quarter, inventories were about $1.8 billion, compared to $2 billion at the end of the last quarter, and payables were $1.2 billion or about flat with the prior quarter. Receivables include unbilled receivables of $514 million, which were more than offset by customer deposits that we received of about $604 million. As of December 31st, we had $604 million in cash mostly held outside the U.S. Total debt of about $4.4 billion and net debt to an adjusted EBITDA of about 2.6 times, which was on track with our year end leverage target. Longer term, we are still targeting a net debt to EBITDA to be about two times to 2.5 times. CapEx for the year was $185 million versus $93 million last year, the increase due mainly to the merger. And going forward, we expect to spend about $200 million in 2020, which is about 2% of sales. Overall, our balance sheet continues to provide the financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities and our goal is to be at and remain an investment grade credit rating. Before I hand it over to Rafael to discuss the 2020 guidance in more detail, I do want to take a moment to bridge our 2019 adjusted results on slide seven to a pro forma view that would help you model our 2020 guidance on a like-for-like basis. The pro forma view includes four important notable changes. The first is that the pro forma is inclusive of the two additional months of GE Transportation results interest charges. Second, we have discussed, I am sorry, as we have discussed we will no longer have the adjustment for policy harmonization. So the revenue recognition policy harmonization and other areas of policy organization will not be discussed. Third, we are now adding back the non-recurring PPA. And finally, we have modeled the year with a fully dilutive share count of 192 million shares. I would note that on a full year pro forma there is a $0.34 impact, which you can see on the page and it takes you from the $4.60 to $4.26. One last point to emphasize is that the two months of GE Transportation results were impacted by the timing of locomotive deliveries, cash payments and receipts during the quarter. When you look at it in total with the GET contribution in the one-month period of the first quarter, the results and margins are very consistent with the segment -- the overall Freight segment for Wabtec. Now lets shift to the 2020 guidance as illustrated on slide eight and I will turn it back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Pat. So based on the operating momentum with built-in 2019, our current backlog and an assessment of key market conditions, our 2020 guidance for sales is about $8.7 billion, adjusted EBITDA of about $1.6 billion and adjusted income from operations of about $1.4 billion, and adjusted earnings per diluted share to be between $4.50 and $4.80. We expect cash from operations to be about $900 million. This includes roughly $100 million in prior year-over-year restructuring, transaction and litigation cash outflows. In the first quarter of 2020, we expect sales, adjusted net income, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per diluted share to be lower when compared to the remainder of 2020. This is due to the seasonality and project scheduling. That said, we expect product mix to improve throughout the year in line with those dynamics. Building on a solid 2019, we expect to deliver over $150 million in net synergies in 2020 and we are on track to deliver $250 million in synergies before 2022. Finally, our adjusted guidance for 2020 now includes all add backs related to non-cash recurring purchase price accounting charges or deal related amortization and excludes estimated expenses related to restructuring and transactional expenses. Excluding these expenses, our adjusted operating margin target for the full year is about 16% and our adjusted effective tax rate for the full year is expected to be about 25.5%. So as you heard through the call this morning and you see on slide nine, Wabtec had a solid performance in the fourth quarter and a strong year overall. We continue to see growth in our aftermarket and services revenues, further demonstrating the importance of our installed base across both for the Freight and Transit segments, as well as the resilience of our portfolio. We have strengthened our international footprint with significant orders in critical markets around Asia, like Russia and CIS and India, and we exceeded expectations on cost reductions and synergies stemming from the Wabtec and GE Transportation merger. Looking forward, we fully expect to deliver a total of $250 million in synergies before 2022. In 2019, we delivered strong cash generation, placing the company in a position of strength and we are poised to execute a focused capital deployment strategy to further grow shareholder value. Adding in 2020, we expect to see continued headwinds, especially in North America, but we are confident that our significant installed base our strong aftermarket reach and our globally diverse business model will help us manage through another challenging cycle. We will take action on improved project execution and margin expansion and as always we remain laser focused on the prioritization of resources and prudent capital allocation. We look forward to sharing more on our outlook for 2020 on our technology strategy and our focus on long-term growth during our upcoming Investor Conference, which will be held on March 10th in New York. With that, I want to thank the entire Wabtec team for a strong 2019. And with that, I will open up to any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Justin Long from Stephens. Go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks and good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Long: So maybe to start with the 2020 operating cash flow guidance. Pat could you talk about the assumption for working capital thats getting baked into that and also how you are going to be accounting for the tax benefit thats paid out to GE within that cash flow statement? And then also would love to get your thoughts on the magnitude of debt pay down that you anticipate this year?
Pat Dugan: Right. So with -- starting with the -- how we are tax -- treating the tax. Tax item obviously comes through and is a benefit to us, it is as part of cash from operations, but we then offset it with a payment almost like a -- its an investing activity. So you got the negative of that coming through in the different line item on the cash flow statement, okay? We are still going through. We feel very good about the overall benefit in the -- to us, but the year - what we pay for 2019 is still being evaluated along with the GE team. The -- when I look at the guidance, I mean, I am kind of the way I have looked at it is, I think, an easy way to look at it is an EBITDA, which is about 1.6 and then you have interest other and taxes that are reducing it to about 1.1. We mentioned -- this is a GAAP number, we are mentioning the fact that we have restructuring overhang or headwind thats going to hurt us into 2020 things that we have added back in 19 that we will have to pay in 2020 of about 100. And I think we are trying to look at our working capital with a strong second half of the year there could be a little bit of working capital pressure, which would put us to the 900 GAAP cash from operations guidance that we gave everybody.
Justin Long: Okay.
Pat Dugan: So in terms of debt repayment was your last question I think, part of the question
Justin Long: Correct.
Pat Dugan: is that we are going to -- we are targeting a debt pay down that will get us into that 2 times to 2.5 times leverage ratio. But we are also looking at our overall capital allocation plan, where we continue to invest in the company, make sure that we are opportunistic in right M&A situation and then look at how we can return cash to shareholders also.
Justin Long: Okay. And just to clarify on the working capital point, is the assumption that you will have a headwind this year and are there any numbers you can put around the magnitude of that headwind?
Pat Dugan: Well, I think, I kind of did the math, its probably maybe about $100 million of working capital pressure that with a strong second half of the year that we are considering in the guidance. We are obviously working on plans to do better mitigate, look at other tools, look at customer deposits and things that could be a positive. But -- in managing our receivables, managing our payables, but thats what we have kind of considered in our guidance right now.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. And then just to help from a modeling perspective, there are a lot of adjustments in the model right now. So I was wondering when you talk about 100 basis points of margin improvement and it sounds like you will see a similar magnitude in both segments. Can you give us the comparable adjusted operating margins for both the Freight and the Transit segment in 2019?
Pat Dugan: Yeah. We havent done that. I think that we are -- we havent disclosed that. What we are kind of looking at is overall that 100 basis points to be more weighted to the Transit side, a little bit less on the Freight side, but about the same on average between both segments.
Justin Long: Okay. And then, lastly, and maybe this is a two-part question and then I will hop back in the queue. You mentioned the first quarter will be the low point of the year. Is there any color you can give us on the quarterly cadence of earnings you anticipate or at least whats baked into the 2020 guidance, so maybe that ones for you Pat? And then, Rafael, just taking a big step back and looking at the business right now, whats your confidence that this year is the trough, given what we are seeing in the freight market, I mean, do you have confidence that 2020 is the trough for earnings for this business?
Pat Dugan: Well, just to talk about the quarter guidance and then I will hand it over. The -- we dont give quarter guidance. But we are trying to kind of give a nod to the seasonality of the business. So if you just look at Q3 to Q4 in other periods, the services element of our product lines is meaningful. It has margins that can make things shift and so with the first quarter, which tends to be a slow start because of Transit Freight and aftermarket and the timing of some of the underlying OE projects, we just wanted to make sure everybody understood that the first quarter was going to be slightly different. So that was important. But as for the kind of quarter-by-quarter guidance we were -- we are not going to be doing that.
Rafael Santana: Justin with regards to the year, I mean, we certainly have many elements of trough here in this year, but I will stay away from that. We will continue to monitor the markets we operate in and we are really very much focused on things we control. We are taking the necessary actions to adjust our business to the reality as we face. And the guidance we are putting out forward it certainly contemplates, I will call, new locomotives down double digits for the year in terms of deliveries and freight cars down to about 40,000 cars versus in the 50,000s for the previous year. So at this point, we are very much confident on being able to drive margins up about 100 basis points despite of those headwinds.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. I will leave it there. Thanks for the time.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak: Rafael, service is a sizable component of REIT here. Could you help us better understand, it seems like its holding up better cyclicality wise, I think, you touched on some seasonality issues with it. Any color there that you can help us with that particular component of rate?
Rafael Santana: Allison a couple of things, I will start internationally, I mean, our installed base continues to grow. We have a number of locomotives well either entering into service or getting out of the warranty period, so we continue to see a robust growth there. I think our mods business. We continue to see opportunities to grow that business into this year. We have talked recently about an international order we got and I think that also provides us similar dynamics. And I would not forget about our opportunity to ultimately help customers on driving more efficiency. We have a number of solutions that can help them in that regard as they look at ways of improving their operating ratio. So we remain confident. So we work with our customers very closely on fleet strategies and making sure that ultimately our fleets are the ones delivering most value out there.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then on the digital side, I think, you touched on a nice order that you got there, any specific product area thats driving some of that growth, is it broad based, how are you viewing that -- particularly a piece of the business in light of PSR on whats going on there?
Rafael Santana: I think theres a couple of areas there that Id highlight to you. Number one, as railroads look into increasing efficiency I think we have a number of solutions there that allow them to manage through a larger trains, but also there is an elements of fuel savings and I think we are well positioned on that regard. So thats one of the specific sub-product lines within that business. The other one is on really managing the overall operations. So we talk about network optimization and some of these are longer term orders, but it certainly reflects the confidence in the business, and ultimately, the opportunity we have to help customers improve their efficiency in their businesses.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then, just lastly, it might be too early for this, but any thoughts on the Alstom-Bombardier announcement in terms of any impact potential to Wabtec?
Rafael Santana: We think its early days still, I mean, we are still really going through the details. We have good and strong relationships with both customers and so we see an opportunity here to grow our business with them.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Elkott from Cowen. Go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you. Can you guys give us some more specificity on the double-digit decline in locomotive deliveries in 2020?
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Matt. First, I mean, this is fundamentally driven by North America and its just a reflection of really carloads being down by 4% last year and especially in the fourth quarter by more than 7%. We continue to see, I mean, some of those challenging dynamics through the first half of this year and we do expect that as per our customers for some improvement as you go into the second half of the year, but its a North America driven freight phenomenon.
Matt Elkott: Okay. Thats helpful. But double-digit I guess is a big range, are we talking closer to like teens double digits?
Rafael Santana: We are going to stay away from specific, I am going to call, counts on the locomotives, but down double-digits.
Matt Elkott: Okay. And staying on locomotive deliveries and maybe operational metric disclosures, are there going to be changes to the way you guys report any of your segment metrics or operating statistics associated with the Investor Day in March or any color on what we should expect at the Investor Day, long-term growth plan, anything like that would be helpful?
Pat Dugan: Well, I think -- Matt, this is Pat. I think the first thing we have done is we have recast our revenue. So a little more visibility on the revenue aligned with our equipment business, which includes locos, the freight car component business, which also includes a little bit of an industrial and services and all those things that are weighable, both historically and then restated. The -- going forward into next year, in the guidance at the Investor Day, I think, we have been pretty consistent on the disclosures of like loco deliveries and we are going to stay away from that. But I do think we have taken some pretty good steps to provide some transparency on the topline and where its coming from.
Matt Elkott: Okay. Thats helpful, Pat. And on the -- you talked a bit about the capital deployment priorities. I think historically before the GE transaction, you guys did three to four tuck-in acquisitions per year. Should we expect you guys to ease back into that pace at some point in the future or do you not think of it that way?
Rafael Santana: Well, we certainly think 19 was very important in terms of making sure that we strengthened the balance sheet. We certainly feel confident about having the optionality to still do those bolt-on acquisitions and its certainly something we will are consider as part of the capital allocation process along the lines of returning value to shareholder, but also looking at our organic growth internally.
Matt Elkott: And Rafael, is there like a priority area when you are looking at bolt-on acquisitions? Is it digital acquisitions that relate to rail automation, is it to support your service aftermarket locomotive business, is there an area of focus that you prefer to do acquisitions in the longer term?
Rafael Santana: I think you touched the two, one of them being the digital electronics area. We certainly see an opportunity there. Its an area that grows faster than the overall Freight market. The automation is just an element of recurring services, making sure that we are utilizing a lot of the infrastructure we have got around customers and continue to grow that business faster than the segment growth.
Matt Elkott: Okay. And just one final question, any impact from the Coronavirus, specifically as it relates to your transit business, and as you think of ridership going forward, if this Coronavirus thing does not subside soon, is there a risk to your aftermarket transit business potentially?
Rafael Santana: Yeah. So a couple of comments there. Number one, very important to us is really the safety of our employees, and I think in China, we have got close to 1,500 employees, none of them with Coronavirus at this point. So its a critical part for us. We continue to monitor our supply chains and have taken a number of actions in order to make sure we ultimately act on alternative sources. We do about 3% of our business in China, at this point, and we continue to monitor the situation and continue to take action, if there is any relevant facts, we will make sure to disclose them.
Matt Elkott: Great. Thank you very much.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Wetherbee from Citi. Go ahead.
James Monigan: Its James on for Chris. I wanted to touch on synergies in the $150 million number you gave. How much of that is flow-through from 2019 and how much is new to 2020? Also kind of wanted to get a sense of where you thought you would be exiting 2020 in terms of run rate for synergies?
Pat Dugan: So the $150 million is incremental. Its an improvement you have, you have an element of it is, say, about $60 million of it is coming from -- well, the $30 million was a net number and we do have about $60 million worth of spend that was applied against that $30 million and then you have additional spend though in this year. So I dont want anybody to -- dont think we still have some cost in order to achieve some of these synergies, but the $150 million net is the incremental over the 2019 results. Its coming from the same areas. Its the full benefit of rooftop consolidations, the sourcing, the supply chain improvements and the restructuring efforts that we went through in 2019. We havent quantified what the run rate is at the end of the year. But we still think that it puts us in a really good path when you look at it to achieve the $250 million worth of run rate synergies and before the original guidance when we closed the transaction.
Rafael Santana: The one thing I would add is consistent with what you saw last year, expect us to continue to look for ways to accelerate the synergies and thats very much aligned with making sure that we ultimately adjust the business to the reality as we face.
James Monigan: Got it. And then, also kind of wanted to get a sense of what your outlook for mix in 2020 in Freight, its seemed you are calling out some headwinds to OE. So to just kind of understand what you thought the OE aftermarket mix would be and get an idea of really how much of that do you think is sustainable from getting better penetration in some of the aftermarket products you have been talking about?
Rafael Santana: Well, we continue to see strong opportunity to grow our services business. I think just tied some of the offerings, which are, of course, a little bit different when I compare to last year, but that ties off to modernization, that ties up to some of the elements of really some fleets that are entering operations globally out there, some of the headwinds are presented in our Freight components business with freight cars down on the 40s. There is also a number of markets that are adjacent to that business segment. They are also down, including oil and gas. The Transit business, we continue to see opportunities out there, some significant orders in the underground U.K., North America as well and India continues to be a bright spot where we are very well positioned. So mixed overall conditions, we are guiding to $8.7 billion of orders, which when you look at a 12-month basis, it seems basically flattish.
James Monigan: Okay. Got it. Just one quick follow-up, whats level of growth in your mod business are you expecting in 2020 and then I will just hand it off?
Rafael Santana: Could you say your question again, please?
Pat Dugan: Gross margin.
James Monigan: How much growth are you expecting in mod deliveries in 2020 and then I will just hand it off?
Rafael Santana: Okay. In 2020, we have the opportunity to still slightly grow the business and we are continuing to invest on ultimately, I will call, driving more value for our customers. Those will include enhancements to fuel as you look at overhauling, you want modernizing the engines. And so this modernization I think it continues to be a growth story for us as we look into ways of driving further value for our customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: I am wondering if you could talk about your order outlook for the Freight business. I know it can be lumpy in terms of timing of major contract awards. Can you just flesh out for us how your prospect looks both on the service side, as well as on the locomotive side as we kick off 2020 here?
Rafael Santana: I think, Internationally, we continue to have bright spots, and I think, I mentioned, Asia, we are seeing demand including in this quarter demand for new locomotives. We are also seeing an aspect of fleet renewal that continues to take place in places like Australia, for instance. Russia and CIS continues to be a bright spot for us and growing. As I look across West Coast of Africa, we have the opportunity a follow-up of existing projects, the next phase of them. Latin America, Brazil continues to be a market where we are well-positioned and as you look at concessions being renewed, thats also an area of opportunity for us. Transit, the dynamics are a positive in ridership out there. Its a business that if you look at the area we work in. It provides up least 3% to 5% growth for us. Its more about being selective in terms of the order intake we have. Headwinds in North America, a lot of it really driven by the freight market and the dynamics I mentioned with regards to new locomotives and freight cars.
Jerry Revich: And Rafael, net of all that, do you think you could grow backlog in 2020 based on the prospect list that you have in front of you today?
Rafael Santana: We are certainly focused on doing that. I think we have a good pipeline of opportunities that we are working on, but we are certainly dealing with, I will call, challenging dynamics in the North America markets. Its good to see the fourth quarter on where we have landed with backlog growing about 2.3% and we have certainly got our teams out there working very hard to make sure that we grow the business over time.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And lastly, on the margin bridge 20 versus 19, so the 100 basis points or $100 million EBITDA growth. I appreciate that its early in the year, but taking some of the discrete items it looks like you have the pieces to get you above the $100 million increase. So we spoke about $150 million of synergies, the improvement in Transit margins as prior projects roll-off that should be $50 million to $100 million, $100 million from pro forma GE Transportation addition based on the February 19 presentation, and obviously, we have the policy harmonization headwind and I know its early in the year. But I am wondering if you could just talk about if there are any other pieces that we should be thinking about that might be headwinds or is it a function, look, its early in the year and environment is choppy, so we need to give ourselves room to execute?
Pat Dugan: Well, I think you have kind of outlined all the aspects. The synergies are obviously a positive contributing to the margin growth. But we definitely have headwinds in the market. You are seeing some shift in mix of sales year-over-year, where you have your -- you are replacing sales like our freight component area, which tends to be a strong profitable business, with other business that doesnt have the same kind of margin profile. So when you look at those things and on a net basis, thats what gives us the confidence in the 100 basis points overall improvement in margin for the year.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Go ahead.
Rafael Santana: Scott, are you there? Yeah. Why dont we go to the next question, maybe we will add Scott back later.
Operator: Okay. The next question is from Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Go ahead.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Courtney Yakavonis: Just on the services part of Freight, I really appreciate the disclosure that you guys gave us. But can you help us just think about how that business is growing on a pro forma basis year-over-year exiting 2019 and any thoughts on whether thats the right run rate to think about that business in 2020 given your guidance for railcar and loco deliveries?
Rafael Santana: So couple of points, we continue to see the opportunity to grow that business. I think theres a number of dynamics there. I think our mods program continues to be an area of opportunity. I cant emphasize enough internationally what some of those opportunities are. The other element for us, its the fleets that is expanding globally. We have grown the number of what I will call installed diesel engines out there and that provides that business an opportunity to sign on what I will call long-term service agreements to support those fleets out there. So that continues to be an opportunity for us. I did mention that we are continuing to invest on enhancing the value our customers can get from modernizing existing fleets. That includes fuel solutions and that we are going to be coming up with, I will call, incremental opportunities there. So we are certainly continuing to look at services as an area of opportunity. And even in North America, as you look at a very significant number of locomotives parked, the locomotives are running, they are running harder and so we will continue to support our customers in terms, well, making sure they are getting the right reliability and availability of these fleets.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Got you. Just on 2019, any insight into what that growth rate was on an organic basis just since its a little confusing with the GET not in the 2018 numbers?
Pat Dugan: Yeah. Its kind of hard, because two aspects, you have got different basis of GAAP and policies and so its a bit confusing. I would just say overall for 19 the service revenue because of the impact of the opportunities created for itself under PSR and additional mods that the revenues for services were up in 19. And then when you look into 2020, which I think was kind of your first question, all the things Rafael just talked about, but you have little bit of a headwind from parkings, offset by our continued focus on new products and opportunities under PSR to serve our customers. So thats -- long-term growth rates we will talk -- we really wouldnt talk about that on this call, but its really for us an area of growth.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Got you. And then just switching onto the Transit side of the business, I think, you did some resegmenting and now it looks like on the core business, as its restated, margins were down for the past two quarters and then down pretty significantly this quarter. Can you talk just a little bit about what was driving those margin declines this quarter and then what gives you --and when we think about 100 bps of expansion next year, how should we think about the pace of that and the continuation of the U.K. projects falling in?
Rafael Santana: Okay. Let me start here. Well, I think, a couple of things to separate here. Number one, the quarterly performance was certainly impacted by, well, the lower margin of the refurbishment projects in the U.K. I think we have reached some really critical milestones in these projects during the quarter and now we believe to have a really strong cost visibility as we have delivered more than 75% of these projects after this point. So I think thats one element of that. I think the other thing to keep in mind is, we are very encouraged to see the steps taken by the Transit team in terms of the performance on the overall business and we are starting to see that really showing up into some, what I will call, underlying key metrics, that includes improvement on-time delivery, that includes improvement on with really lower cost associated with cost of quality. We continue to see accountability up across the business. There is a more robust bidding process out there, margins on the orders take-in over the last year are up versus the backlog. We have got cost actions taken to drive margin improvement and we have really pushed the supply chain to better cost locations. We do not take these results lightly, Lilian and the team have really taken action, including leadership changes at the project level, so we ultimately drive the right discipline and accountability across the business.
Pat Dugan: So I just want to just to help a little bit. We took -- in the quarter, we took -- the fourth quarter of 19, we took charges associated with certain inefficiencies, especially in terms of higher labor costs. We did reach some critical milestones in these projects in the quarter and we think we have a really good cost visibility and we have delivered more than 75% of these projects with most of them running off in 2020. Our estimation is over 90% completed by the end of the year. So we feel we are coming to the end of these projects with a good view on the profitability and I would just add, this has been well received and with hitting these milestones created cash opportunities that were realized in the fourth quarter.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Steve Barger: So you are looking for around $700 million of free cash flow, which I think is about 80% of midpoint net income plus or minus. Can you remind us how you are thinking longer term for free cash flow conversion from net income and how long it will take to get there?
Pat Dugan: Yeah. You are saying -- you are going off of free cash flow, we have done cash conversion off of just cash from ops, which would be in excess of -- our goal is to get over 100% and I think that we have a little bit of impact from the restructuring items, I talked about and the working capital pressure in the year, but overall, we think we will have cash -- if you look at cash from operations as a percentage of net income you would be in excess of $100 million.
Steve Barger: All right. And just going back to an earlier question, you talk through the buckets of capital allocation but no numbers. You have got $600 million in cash just to use that free cash flow number, you will have around $700 million or $900 million of operating cash flow. Can you give us any dollar targets for debt reduction this year or can you frame up how you are thinking about debt reduction versus share buyback in terms of size and timing?
Pat Dugan: I think our debt reduction would be -- it goes hand-in-hand with that leverage ratio. So I think and put numbers to it, its a similar performance to what we did in 19, maybe a little bit less, but I really hadnt thought about it in terms of total dollars, I keep focusing on the leverage ratio. And of course, the capital allocation story is one about having the cash available for funding our growth initiatives or for the opportunistic M&A and other areas that would allow us to return cash to shareholders.
Rafael Santana: It goes back to creating the optionality that we spoke and I think the announcement that we have with regards to the $500 million program that gives us also here an opportunity when shares are selling below the intrinsic value for us to act on.
Steve Barger: Well, I guess, thats kind of the point I was making, is that you feel good enough about the balance sheet now to start executing against that buyback, because it certainly seems from a liquidity standpoint you are in good shape?
Rafael Santana: We certainly feel we have done, I will call, good progress through last year and we are at a stage here that we should fully exercise optionality and that should include a share buyback.
Steve Barger: Perfect. One more, just thinking about the seasonal pattern you talked about for 1Q. As I recall the first quarter in 19 was unusually strong due to locomotive mix. So, just to clarify, would you expect EPS will be down versus the $1.06 in 2019?
Pat Dugan: All right. You remember you are looking on an adjusted basis versus a different adjusted basis, but I think that, couple of things I want to point out, if you go to 1Q a year ago, you had a partial quarter and it was an especially strong quarter -- month, stub period that got included in the Wabtec results if you look at it in total. And for the Freight segment, I think, you are going to end up with a result thats similar in profile to what you see here in Q4. Thats the seasonality reality to 2020 in the first quarter. But as for like a specific EPS guide for the quarter, we are going to do what we always did and we are not going to give any quarterly guidance specific to the quarter.
Steve Barger: All right. Maybe I will squeeze one more in, for the full year, do you expect negative organic growth in Freight offset by RELCO and anything else, or do you think that organic growth could be positive for Freight?
Rafael Santana: Well, when you look at what we are guiding to, I mean, we certainly have pressures coming from the overall Freight business with Transit being up.
Steve Barger: Thanks.
Pat Dugan: RELCO in terms of size is a
Steve Barger: Very small.
Pat Dugan: small tuck-in acquisition, its strategic, its good, its obviously, but not one of the bigger ones, but thats the truth. So I think to your question, overall, our revenue guidance on a pro forma basis is relatively flat. I think we said it earlier that you have a little bit of mix of Freight and some of the stronger Freight businesses will be a little bit down offset by some of the growth in our Transit business.
Steve Barger: Thanks.
Pat Dugan: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Hoexter from Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey. Good morning. Just to follow-up on the prior questions on the transit margins which now at 7%, maybe just your thoughts on getting back to double-digit long-term, I know you talked 100 basis points near-term and removing some charges. Is that a product shift or is it increasing competition pushing those margins down, maybe just talk a little bit about that on your bigger picture?
Rafael Santana: Well, I think, let me start here. First of all, I think, we have the opportunity to improve margins in our overall business. I think I have talked before about the quality of the order intake, which the team has taken some specific actions around that and we see improvements happening. I think we talked about the quality of execution and thats why I made some comments earlier on some key improvements on some key metrics, which include on-time delivery and really lower costs associated with the cost of quality. The team continues along the lines of having a very robust bidding process. They have taken part of cost actions to drive margin improvements and we are continuing to push the supply chain to better cost locations. You are going to hear from Lilian and the team a lot more details on their progress and how they are committed. They have been now ready this year to drive more than 100 basis points improvement during the Investor Day. Pat, any...
Pat Dugan: No. I feel -- I will just reiterate the same thing that Rafael just said, I will just say, we feel good about the overall for long-term ability to drive margin expansion. Its core to both businesses, as well as achieving of having year-over-year lean efforts other opportunities that we find to offset and improve offset inflation and other costs and improve the overall margin, but the synergies also contribute long-term to us improving and while we also feel good about our $250 million we are constantly are looking for opportunities above and beyond.
Ken Hoexter: Great. I appreciate that. And then just a follow-up on the -- you mentioned some passenger opportunities stepping up in the U.S. maybe is that something you are looking to offset Freight, is that strictly on the Transit side or are you talking kind of locomotives, what are you mentioned just in the prepared comments the step-up in passenger opportunity in the U.S. are just looking for some follow-up on that? Thanks.
Pat Dugan: Okay. So, yeah, specifically with regards to our transit business, we continue to have opportunities in the U.S. market. Again, we are being very selective on the opportunities we go after, but its certainly also a bright spot in terms of both orders and brakes specific opportunities for the Transit business.
Ken Hoexter: Great. That helps. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Ivan Yi from Wolfe Research. Go ahead.
Ivan Yi: Good morning, guys. This is Ivan on for Scott Group. Thanks for the time. First, theres a pretty meaningful drop in the locomotive and railcar deliveries in your guidance. Can you talk about the biggest offsets this year that keeps overall sales flat? And with that, thanks for the new sales breakdown this year, thats very helpful, maybe you can say how much of the Freight equipment sales are in North America and how much of the components is ultimately tied to the equipment market?
Rafael Santana: Okay. So I think when you look at the dynamics in the Freight business, you will certainly see an element of freight cars and locomotives down. Our Freight components business is also, well, with pressure associated with some of the adjacent markets that we serve. We continue to see opportunity to grow our services business. I think an element of it, its international growth, tied off with not just modernization opportunities, but also an element of fleets entering to service. Our Digital Electronics business, we talked about double-digit orders growth last year, which provides, I think, a solid and strong backlog for us to be executing and thats certainly an area of opportunity for us here as we continue to progress and move forward. Well, our overall Transit business will also be growing this year.
Ivan Yi: Great. And the rails are working towards one-man crews right now. What is the opportunity for Wabtec and when do you expect to start seeing it? And also can you also talk directly about PTC and the direction of that business this year up down flat? Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Yeah. So a couple of points, I mean, when you talk about rail automation overall, we have been working with our customers over the years and we do have an element of adoption, which might vary from customer to customer in terms of some of these tools. But we really believe we have some of the critical elements to allow that. So we are continuing to invest on really the next-generation of some of these products, the ability to go from zero to zero on basically autopilot and theres a number of, I will call, specific products that could further help our customers automating their operations. So its really up to our customers and working through it on how they would like to get there. We are really ultimately providing the tools and the optionality on how to do that. On PTC, I think, we are very much focused this year on both elements of making sure that we have got interoperability working and that we continue to work with our customers and making sure that you have a system thats reliable and available to them as they go through a full implementation.
Ivan Yi: Great. And last one, isnt the Transit backlog down year-over-year, so why does transit grow in 2020, whats the offset? Thank you.
Pat Dugan: The transit is affected by FX and some of the recast items. So its a little bit complicated, but ultimately, you have a big pool of Transit backlog. And then, in terms of sales, the phasing, the timing, the delivery, the project schedules that are expected by the customer will have been considered in the guidance and will drive the topline.
Rafael Santana: So backlog ex-FX basis is slightly up quarter-over-quarter. I think theres of course an element here of what Pat just said what if its seasonality of timing of orders? However, when we look at our backlog, it remains at what I will call historical high levels and cough down in terms of all the opportunities that we would ever had.
Operator: Our next question is from Saree Boroditsky from Jefferies. Go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks for squeezing me in. Could you provide an update on what you saw in your Industrial Mining business in the quarter and then how you are thinking you are thinking about the 2020 outlook?
Rafael Santana: Okay. When we think about mining, I think overall theres certainly what I will call pressure for overall mining as we talk to our customers. I think its a little bit different and we feel better about in specific the truck size class that we serve. But its a market that we are really monitoring closely, especially due with the situation in China, but at this point, no specifics to be detailed. Id say very much reflected within our guidance the elements I just described.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. And then it looks like SG&A guidance is embedded pick up as a percentage of sales, can you just talk us through if theres any headwinds in SG&A that we should think about in 2020?
Pat Dugan: No. I dont think so, I mean, thinking about our SG&A, we do -- we are combining the two companies and we got a 10-month GET versus 12 months and those -- that might be factoring in how you are looking at it. But I think all-in-all, we have -- SG&A is -- theres no specific item in there thats been causing a problem in comparability year-over-year.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. And then just a final question just given the $500 million in share repurchase authorization, I guess, any color on the cadence of how we think about 2020 and then would this all the upside to your current EPS guidance, it doesnt look like you are embedding any buybacks in your share count?
Pat Dugan: Thats right. We have not considered any buyback in the share count for guidance purposes.
Rafael Santana: And the authorization was really as a way to make sure that ultimately if shares are selling below the intrinsic value that we have an opportunity here to act and thats basically how we are looking at it.
Saree Boroditsky: Appreciate the color. Thank you so much.
Pat Dugan: Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back to Kristine Kubacki for closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Kate, and thank you to everyone for your participation today. And we look forward to seeing you in March at our Investor Day or speaking to you again next quarter. Good-bye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Wabtec Corp. Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kristine Kubacki, the VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtecs third quarter earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, Pat Dugan; and Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz. Before we start, I would like to point out a change on today's call. Based on feedback we received from you and our desire to drive continuous improvement, we will be sharing a slide presentation to support our discussion today during today's call. This presentation along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on our Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. As such some statements were making today are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. And now, I will turn over the call to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Today I'll share some thoughts on our third quarter performance and strategic priorities for the remainder of the year, then Pat will cover the quarter in greater detail, as well as an overview of both our Freight and Transit segments and our overall market dynamics. As you can see on slide three of the presentation, our third quarter results were on track and we're well-positioned to deliver the continuous strong performance. With sales of over $2 billion due to strength in our service businesses, continued growth in our international markets, as well as the Transit segments. Our aftermarket offerings continue to be stable and prop the parts of our portfolio as well as the key differentiator as we partner with customers over the life cycle of their equipment. This includes our successful modernization program, which closed a significant milestone, which was a first of kind international mods order in the third quarter. We have also seen growth in Transit's aftermarket sales, which contributed to the overall Transit sales growth year-over-year. In line with our goal to drive continued margin expansions, we saw improvement in our adjusted consolidated margin, as a result of higher freight mix and aftermarket along with early traction on our synergy and cost actions. We will continue to take action on improved project execution and we'll remain laser focused on the prioritization of resources and prudent capital allocation. Cost reductions and synergy actions, stemming from Wabtec and GE Transportation merger are also ahead of plan. This is the result of several actions including a reduction of direct and indirect spend, efforts to consolidate over a million square feet across of our facility footprint and the discontinuation of several shared service contracts with GE ahead of schedule. I'm encouraged by what we have accomplished so far and we remain confident that we have accomplished so far and we remain confident that we will deliver a total of $250 million in synergies before 2022. Finally, we continue to deliver strong cash generation in excess of $120 million for the quarter. This was largely driven by higher financial performance strong cash execution will allow us to drive increased shareholder value, while reducing our debt and creating the flexibility needed to fund organic growth, acquisitions stock buybacks and dividends. Based on our third quarter performance and current backlog and our assessment of key markets, we are affirming our cash flow from operations guidance for the full year of approximately $900 million and we're narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance to the higher end of the range to between $4.15 and $4.20. With that, Ill turn it over to Pat, who will provide you a deeper dive into the financials.
Patrick Dugan: Thanks, Rafael. As you can see from our press release this morning, we discuss both GAAP and adjusted numbers, so we encourage you to review the reconciliations that have been provided. We continued solid momentum into the second half of the year and delivered a strong operating performance in the third quarter. We updated today our guidance for sales, adjusted income from operations, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EPS and affirmed GAAP cash flow from operations, further illustrating that our business is performing well. So turning to page four of our slide deck. Sales for the third quarter were $2 billion. Adjusted sales were about $2.1 billion, which includes the effects of accounting policy harmonization. Increased sales year-over-year were mainly due to the merger of GE Transportation and increased revenues in Transit, offset somewhat by foreign exchange impact as well as lower sales for lower part components and electronics. For the quarter, operating income was $169 million and adjusted operating income was $317 million, driven by favorable OE mix, seasonality in locomotive services and the timing of the policy harmonization. Adjusted operating income included $63 million from non-cash policy harmonization, consistent with our estimates in our original guidance at the close of the GE Transportation merger. But adjusted operating income excluded pretax expenses of $85 million details as follows, $69 million for transaction, for restructuring and litigation costs; $16 million for onetime non-cash purchase price accounting charges. Again, please see our reconciliation table for details. In addition to these expenses, the company see also had pretax of $71 million or $0.28 in earnings per share for non-cash recurring purchase price accounting charges. They were not added back to the adjusted income from operations. So looking at some of the other detailed line items, SG&A was $292 million, including $40 million of the $85 million in expenses I just discussed. We expect the adjusted run rate number for SG&A to be about $250 million for quarter going forward. Engineering expenses increased to $59 million, due to mainly the addition of GE Transportation and our amortization expense was $80 million. Going forward, we expect the amortization expense to be about $70 million per quarter. Now looking at our net interest expense for the quarter was $58 million and was higher due to our debt balances. Our adjusted net interest expense was $54 million. Going forward, we expect interest expense to be about $55 million per quarter. Just remember that as a priority and a focus, we are intent on generating cash to reduce our debt and our interest expense. Income tax expense was $23 million, and excluding the tax benefit from the transaction costs of the Transportation merger, adjusted income tax expense was $67 million for an adjusted effective tax rate of about 25%. Our third quarter EPS, we had GAAP earnings per diluted share of $0.48 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.03. To reconcile the third quarter earnings per share, you can see the details in our press release. But just to recap, we have GAAP EPS of $0.48. You add back transaction, restructuring and litigation costs of $0.28, you include the policy harmonization, which adds $0.25 add back the one-time non-cash PPA of $0.06, and then reduce tax expense or adjust for tax expense for non-deductible transaction cost of $0.04, we end up with an adjusted EPS, excluding these items of $1.03. And to remind the company also had after-tax expense of $0.28 per diluted share for non-cash recurring purchase price accounting charges, which is - we've now added back to the adjusted EPS, its included in the GAAP numbers. EBITDA, which we define as income from operations plus depreciation and amortization was $292 million. And adjusted EBITDA was $440 million. Adjusted EBITDA included $63 million of policy harmonization that excluded the pre-tax expense of $85 million, which we previously discussed. Depreciation was $43 million versus $18 million a year ago quarter. The increase was due to the GE Transportation merger. And for the full year of 2019, we expect depreciation to be about $155 million. Amortization expense was $80 million compared to $10 million in last year's quarter. The increase was also due to the merger. For the full year of 2019, we expect amortization expense to be about $245 million. At September 30th, our multiyear backlog was $22 billion and our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multiyear backlog was $5.7 billion. Just to note the impact of foreign exchange on our total backlog number from last quarter was roughly $200 million. Now turning to our segments. I'd like to discuss the market conditions and outlook along with the segment results in more detail. In the Freight segment, our business performed well despite challenging conditions in North America. North American carload volumes were down about 4% in the third quarter and are down about 3% year-to-date versus last year, driven largely by uncertain macro conditions that have led to a drop in intermodal traffic and decline in critical commodities like coal and agriculture. We continue to expect carload volumes to be down mid-single digits versus last year and forecast the railcar build to be in the low 50s for the full year. These assumptions are included in our guidance for the full year. Precision Scheduled Railroading or PSR is having some effect on new local orders, but continues to be offset by our modernization program and aftermarket service book. We continue to work closely with all the Class 1s to understand their current fleet strategies and remain confident that our business model as a technology leader and critical digital and service provider is very much aligned with driving efficiency and productivity for our customers. Across our international installed base, we continue to see strong opportunities for growth, including regions like India where we will be delivering over 100 locomotives this year as part of our 1,000 locomotive contracts, and are testing the 6,000-horsepower locomotive that is expected to enter revenue service soon. Across the Freight segment, adjusted sales increased to $1.3 billion in the third quarter. The increase was due to the GE Transportation merger again adding about $1 billion in sales. Organic sales decreased $45 million, primarily due to lower sales of freight car components and electronics. The segment operating income was $148 million and adjusted operating income was $256 million for an adjusted margin of 19%. It is important to note that aftermarket services, historically peak in the third quarter for the railroads as they prepare for winter. Therefore, the fourth quarter is usually the lower seasonal quarter for aftermarket services, which presents a mix in headwind -- for the segment. We have included, we haven't baked this into -- we have baked this into our fourth quarter assumptions. Finally, the segment backlog fell slightly from last quarter to $18 billion due to timing of locomotive and modernization orders. Looking in the Transit sector. We continue to see steady growth in ridership and urbanization. Aging fleets across the Europe and U.S. need to be upgraded, presenting unique opportunities for growth. And increased growth and infrastructure spending in emerging economies like India is driving tremendous growth opportunities for our business. Across our segment portfolio, we affirm multiyear backlog that will contribute to our growth. Transit segment sales increased 3% to $706 million, driven by growth in OE sales. The increase was due to strong organic growth of about $44 million; acquisitions, which contributed about $2 million, which more than offset the negative impact of foreign exchange, which cost $26 million. This is the eighth quarter in a row we've seen organic sales growth, which shows that our near-record backlog continues to drive multiyear top-line visibility. Segment operating income was $56 million for an operating margin of 7.9%. Excluding about $11 million in restructuring costs, the adjusted operating margin for the segment was 9.4%, an improvement of about 20 basis points from last year. We know, we recognize that we must do better in segment margins and the team is focused on driving margin improvement with prudent project selection, improved project execution and cost reductions. With these efforts underway, we remain confident that our Transit segment margins will improve over the company's strategic planning period. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, overall Transit backlog is down slightly but still stands at near-record highs. Let's now turn to the balance sheet and our cash flow on page five of the presentation. We generated cash from operations of about $124 million, mainly due to the higher financial results. It's worth noting that in the quarter, we had about $40 million of cash outflows related to transaction costs, included in the results from cash from operations, so included in the cash from operations. Working capital at September 30 had receivables of about $1.7 billion, inventories were about $2 billion and payables were $1.1 billion. We expect improvement in our working capital performance going into the fourth quarter. Just to note, our receivables included unbilled receivables of $460 which were more than offset by customer deposits of $671 million. At September 30, we had $587 million in cash and cash equivalents, mostly held outside the U.S. Our total debt was about $4.7 billion and net debt to adjusted EBITDA of about three times. Our debt and cash levels at the end of the quarter were impacted by the timing of cash received late in the quarter and the timing of our debt payments. However by year-end, we are still targeting a net debt to adjusted EBITDA to be about 2.5 times. Our capital expenditure in the quarter was $51 compared to $25 million in the year ago. The increase was due mainly to the merger. And we expect to spend about $200 million in 2019. Overall, our balance sheet continues to provide the financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. And our goal is to be an investment-grade credit rating company. Now let's shift to the 2019 guidance for a minute as illustrated on slide 6. And I will turn the call back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Thanks Pat. Based on our third quarter performance, our current backlog and our conditions in our key markets, our guidance for adjusted sales is about $8.2 billion. Adjusted EBITDA of about $1.6 billion, adjusted income from operations of about $1.2 billion and adjusted earnings per diluted share to between $4.15 to $4.20. And we've maintained our GAAP cash from operation guidance to be about $900 million. I also want to emphasize that we expect to see a normal positive seasonality in the cash flow generation in the fourth quarter. Despite some uncertainty on the end markets, we continue to focus on controlling what we can and that's by delivering and executing on our commitments for 2019. It's about accelerating our cost actions and synergies into the year end. The adjusted guidance includes the add-back related to noncash accounting policy harmonization, but excludes estimated expenses for the GE Transportation merger or transactional, restructuring and litigation costs as well as onetime purchase price accounting charges. Excluding these expenses, our adjusted operating margin target for the full year is about 14% and our adjusted effective tax rate for the full year is expected to be about 24%. I'd also like to point out that our adjusted guidance includes after-tax expense of about $0.88 per diluted share for non-cash, recurring purchase price accounting charges. In other words, we're not adding that back to our adjusted EPS guidance. And as you model for next year, any add-backs from policy harmonization won't be repeated either. Finally, we plan to host our Analyst Day in the first quarter of 2020. We're locking down the specifics for that event and we will share you more details when they are available. So as you plan - as it works throughout the morning and you see on page 7, Wabtec has had a solid performance in the third quarter. Growth in our aftermarket and services revenues demonstrates the importance of our significant installed base across really both Freight and Transit and the resilience of our portfolio. Cost reductions and synergies stemming from the Wabtec and GE Transportation merger are on target and we fully expect to deliver a total of $250 million in synergies before 2022. Second, we are delivering strong - which continues to place the company in a position of strength and we are poised to deliver significant shareholder value while reducing our debt and creating the flexibility needed to fund future organic and inorganic growth. We remain confident on our cash flow guidance for the full year of approximately $900 million and we are updating GAAP EPS guidance to be between $2.05 and $2.10 and we're narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance to the high end of the range between $4.15 and $4.20. In addition, our significant installed base across the Freight and Transit market, along with our globally diverse business model provides a strong foundation for long-term growth. Finally, we continue to make solid progress on our integration efforts. Together we have a strong team committed to perform. We're building a culture really focused on execution and accountability and we're seeing that execution in our results. With that, I hope you have a better chance for what we're seeing across the company, our strengths, our challenges and our strategy for moving forward. Now, we are happy to take any questions you may have. Operator?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks. And good morning.
Rafael Santana: Hi, good morning.
Justin Long: So maybe Ill start with a question on the North American freight aftermarket business. Is there anything you can give us that could help us size up that business today? And as we think about the recent underperformance, weve seen in rail volumes maybe you can speak to how that business has performed in light of that and what's your, kind of, baking into the guidance or your thoughts going forward?
Rafael Santana: Okay. Just sharing a couple of thoughts here. Number one, we're certainly feeling the impact of carloads being down over 3% in the year, also the elements of locomotive parkings. What I'm happy to say is we've seen strength in our business in both transactional parts, multiyear service agreements, especially in the international markets where our locomotive fleets continue to grow. And not to mention our mods program, which I think you hardly talked about in the first quarter internationally, which continues to provide the significant opportunities moving forward. We like the portfolio we have in North America, especially when you think about our digital and electronics portfolio. We feel like we have strong products to help customers be more efficient winning on fuel efficiency. And I think we're progressing on that.
Justin Long: Okay, great. And then on synergies, it would be good to hear the update there. I'm assuming that you're seeing that number ramp over the course of this year. But could you maybe share what you're assuming for synergies in the fourth quarter and if there's any initial thoughts around 2020 and the step up we could see next year that will be helpful.
Patrick Dugan: Yeah. So Justin, this is Pat. We're still on our guidance of net synergies of about $20 million being realized for the full year of 2019. There's a lot of activity that's all ongoing related to the cost to achieve those synergies and how they're impacting us. And we're very confident that that $20 million net will be realized in the current year. And we're taking steps to in some instances to take the extra effort to see that we can accelerate those synergies into going into next year. We're not going to give a lot of guidance at this time about the synergy plan, but we did say that we feel very confident of the $250 million for 2022 and we'll continue to update people once we get into more 2020 guidance and our investor days.
Justin Long: Okay. But from a high level would it be fair to say in 2020 you'll see the biggest kind of year-over-year step up over the course of the four-year implementation of the synergies?
Patrick Dugan: Yes. Justin, if anything  since I've started, I'm feeling more confident about our ability to drive improvement in our margins. We are seeing an acceleration in synergies and we do expect that to go into 2020. I think you've seen a number of planned consolidations that we've announced. In addition to that we're certainly making the necessary adjustments for the business as we face the new realities.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. I will leave it at that. Thanks for the time.
Patrick Dugan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: First, I want to talk on Transit. Margins have been sort of been in the sub-10% range going back to last year. Wabtec has historically been able to get it well above that. Is there something structurally that you're seeing? I understand, there is been some challenges there, but you guys want to be able to get back to that range at some point?
Rafael Santana: So Allison a couple of points. Number one back to the comments I made it before, if anything I'm really confident about our ability to drive margin improvement. And I've got to break that into two fronts. I think on the transit side, Lillian and the team added new leadership including a new CFO, they're being a lot more selective in the terms of the quality of the order intake and there is really increased the accountability in the business to make sure we continue to drive improvement from the outsource deliver margins. So I think early days some progress a long way to go in that business, but we are confident there. On the Freight side of the house, I think we are really accelerating a lot of the synergy actions. We're starting to see some of the benefits. That mentioned $20 million of net synergies we've guided for the year. We expect to exit the year ahead of that and to realize greater synergies in 2020.
Patrick Dugan: So Allison, I would add to that is that the Transit business is also part of the overall synergy plan and restructuring. And if you look at the margin kind of on a quarter-over-quarter basis, I feel good that we're showing a positive trend quarters that are improving and the momentum going into the fourth quarter into next year will really start to show the benefits of those actions.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then, you had also mentioned the decline in electronics in the Freight side. Any color you can provide there something unique going on that we should be aware?
Rafael Santana: So a couple of points number one. If you were to look into our sales this year versus last year and if you were to exclude specifically PTC, you'll see a business that's still slightly growing. One thing we feel really positive and confident is our ability to grow our orders. And so far, year-to-date, we're seeing opportunities to consistently do that as we go into 2020.
Allison Poliniak: Okay. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi, good morning everyone.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Patrick Dugan: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you can talk about the puts and takes about the GE Transportation performance in the quarter. It looks like organic growth slowed to about 2% from better growth on a pro forma basis in the first half. Is that just timing of deliveries? And then, I'm also wondering if you could just expand on the $63 million noncash policy harmonization point. Just help us understand that better, so we can get comfortable with that back and lack of drag in '20?
Rafael Santana: Okay. Let me start. First a couple of points to take into consideration in the third quarter. What you saw there is when you think of locomotive equipment, freight equipments that number came down in the third quarter in terms of the shipments and that's very much tied to timing of projects so expected. At the same time, we saw pickup on revenues with regards to the freight services segment. And that's associated with the seasonality that's very much expected as railroads really face into some of the preparation for inclement weather. So those are certainly two elements that have impacted the numbers, but we have some variation associated with policy harmonization. Pat, why don't you comment on that?
Patrick Dugan: So the policy harmonization, the majority of that number is really related to revenue recognition policy and really represents a bridge from the two -- the legacy business to where we are today. These numbers are very consistent with what we included in our original guidance at the date we closed and even with some of the numbers that were provided in the merger documents and the pro forma and the proxy statements. What it really represents is a business process that the GE Transportation used related to their service contracts, where the team would focus on getting more efficient. If you want to use the word lean, lean out some of the maintenance projects to understand what costs need to be incurred or don't need to be incurred, how we can do it more efficiently, how we can apply better productivity, better sourcing or stagger some of the cost related to the projects in a manner that would be beneficial and take a cumulative catch-up adjustment related to those efforts. The way theyll manifest for us on a go-forward basis is better profitability in those projects in the future years. That profitability will be real cash earnings and will show in margin expansion for those particular service contracts in each year as we do our planning. So again it's very consistent with what we provided before. It's -- the number hasn't changed, hasn't grown. The seasonality matches the underlying business process and, in my mind, really represents the opportunity going forward in both our profitability and our cash.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then the one million square foot reducing in combined capacity, can you just talk about where that is relative to the longer term targets? How far along are we in the facility rationalization phase? And what are you folks learning as you head through the process in terms of the positive and any negative surprises as you consolidate footprint? Thanks.
Rafael Santana: I think at this point most of the announcements are really being around North America, and we expect that to be very much done within the early part of next year. I think  continue to be opportunities out there that we continue to be working on. I think another element to mention year-to-date we've exited 84 office locations that were previously occupied. And we're on track to exit close to 100 office locations by year-end. So that's very much on track and we'll continue to look into the elements of driving further efficiency with the combined portfolios we have.
Jerry Revich: And I apologize. For that part of the question, any significant variances versus the initial plan as its being executed positive or negative -- consolidation?
Rafael Santana: So no. I'd say if anything, we're just really working to accelerate some of these elements, so we can capture more value earlier.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Matt Elkott: Rafael if we see a modest 1% to 2% traffic growth on rail in North America next year off of a very low base this year, what would that mean for your organic freight aftermarket business in North America directionally?
Rafael Santana: Okay. A couple of points here. Number one, at this point I'd stay away from providing specific guidance in 2020. And I'll be careful with speculating on some of those changes translating immediately into the business, because you do have a number of locomotives part. So there's that element in place. So what I'll tell you is we're seeing a very robust international business. We're growing our fleet internationally. When we look at the elements of transactional parts and multiyear service agreements, we see growth on those two segments. And it's part of really partnering with customers for better outcomes on their fleets and element of reliability but also an element of efficiency as they move forward.
Matt Elkott: Okay. That's helpful. I mean given the current environment in North America and the pockets of opportunities internationally, is it possible that you could grow earnings next year?
Rafael Santana: Again, I'll not at this point provide specific guidance in 2020. But when we look at the opportunity, the pipelines, especially on the equipment side of the business, I'd say about two-thirds of that is coming from international opportunities. And when you think of India, Southeast Asia, those are really part of important growth dynamics for our business and we're tracking a number of projects into their next phase. And we feel we have a strong backlog which really provides us this ability to multiyear. So, as I mentioned before in the last two years, I think we've captured a number of multiyear orders, which provided visibility into the next couple of years. And we feel strong about that. It's very much the case for both the Transit and the Freight segment.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And then just one final quick question on guidance this year, this whole year we've seen rail traffic decline become more and more pronounced. PSR implementation going according to plan, if not better, actually, helped by the weak traffic. Meanwhile, you guys for two consecutive quarters have either maintained or slightly improved your guidance for the full year. So can you help us understand how you're able to maintain or slightly improve your guidance in the face of a worsening environment? Could you maybe start off with especially conservative guidance, or just trying to kind of bridge that gap between what happened with the environment and the fact that your guidance has remained intact?
Rafael Santana: I'll start first on the element of controlling what we can and we've been really strong on taking the necessary actions to adjust our business proactively to new realities. I think there's an element of the synergies and the framework we've laid out earlier on. And we're certainly taking advantage of that in terms of accelerating this. And we feel very strong about the installed base we have and the ability to really partner with customers and support outcomes. Our international fleet continues to grow and we're seeing some of those numbers coming through in terms of our transactional part in terms of our multiyear service agreement. And I wouldn't underestimate just the strength of the portfolio in terms of not just the elements of international, but when we look at just diversity of the portfolio to better navigate a cycle than we've ever had before.
Matt Elkott: Great. Thank you very much.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Morning, guys.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Scott Group: I want to start on the gross margins, 34% in the quarter. We haven't -- I don't know if we've ever been there before. Can you just talk about what's driving that and has sustainable it is, how you think about gross margins going forward?
Rafael Santana: Yes. Scott, I mean, clearly, it's -- the quarter has got some benefits from the mix of sales. You have a higher mix of aftermarket sales especially in the freight area and the -- and coupled with the policy of harmonization. I think it really just lends itself to a really good margin performance here. So that mix is the biggest impact.
Scott Group: To the extent we think that ROE pressures continue, do you think that 34% gross margin is sustainable?
Rafael Santana: No. I think we kind of take a step back. We really need to look at that full year view of sales mix. We're going to probably for the full year get back to our more historic mix of about 40%, 45% OE -- 50 to -- 50%, 60% to 55% on the aftermarket side. That's kind of our traditional mix of sales for a full year period. And when you have that kind of traditional mix you're going to end up with margins that are pretty consistent with our guidance. I just think that our third quarter just tends up being over weighted to the aftermarket. The OE side of our business for Q3 is on -- especially in Freight is somewhere around 30%.
Scott Group: Okay. I get you don't want to talk about 2020. But can you maybe help us with some of the accounting puts and takes that we should be thinking about for -- both from an earnings standpoint and the cash flow standpoint? And then have you guys made any decisions in terms of guidance next year if it's going to be adjusted earnings or for cash earnings guidance just any visibility?
Rafael Santana: Yeah. Yeah. No. I mean, we've obviously been going through our IR strategy and talking about how we cast and describe the business to you and to others. We're going to move some more of cash EPS kind of viewpoint. Obviously, there's a lot of pluses and minuses in the results. It's a low bit noisy, because we really want to try to simplify it by going to a cash EPS goal and then also take these accounting harmonization type things and really step back from them, because we're going to -- we're going to be on a policy. We're going to have an approach and that is combined and consistent across the company. And we'll just include all those kind of aspects of accounting into our guidance. So think of it as including all the accounting harmonization type things and adding back for the non-cash kind of expenses that have occurred as part of the transaction.
Scott Group: So what are the specific sort of puts and takes for next year from a cash flow standpoint?
Rafael Santana: So when you mean puts and takes free cash flow, I mean, I think that you're going to end up -- I don't want to get into it. We agreed that we don't want to talk too much about 2020 yet, but I think it's really kind of describing it if you look at the full year impact of these things not including the policy harmonization, but not including the impact of the recurring PPA, I think those are the kind of aspects of modeling that we should consider.
Scott Group: Okay. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. It's Jason [ph] singing on for Chris. I wanted to ask about the relationship between rail volumes and freight revenue. Should we expect your revenue to improve lockstep when rail volumes improve? Or should there be a lag in between it? And also, if rail volumes continue to decelerate, should we expect revenue  your revenue growth to decelerate as well?
Rafael Santana: I think there's a correlation, but there's certainly going to be an element of a lag, especially when you take into consideration the number of parked assets that are currently out there. That's, of course, if you looked at  definitely, if you think just about our services business, which we'll filled out more directly.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Then also wanted to ask about the locomotive backlog. Could you give us an update there? I think, last quarter it was 1,900 locomotives and 800 mods. What would that be now? And what's the international mix? Just to kind of getting an understanding of how it's changing, if there's cancellations, things like that.
Rafael Santana: So from that number, I'd say  from that combined number it's -- the counts have come down right around 3% and that's where we spend it. And you've got about very much, say, 50% of that backlog. I should say two-thirds of that flatline tied to international and about a-third tied to North America.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hi. Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Barger: You affirm the operating cash flow of $900 million which includes the $100 million merger expense. As we think about organic growth trends next year and synergies and working capital initiatives, should we think about that as a target to achieve for next year, or more of a floor to build on?
Patrick Dugan: It sounds like 2020 guidance to me, but, yeah. I think, the cash flow view is, it continues to be strong. I think we talk a lot about some of the headwinds we  were reality for the company, as we combine. I think it's  I think, with all cases, our target, our expectation is that it could do better. And so, that $900 million is with the type of EBITDA profile that we provided in previous communications would indicate that it's  we have a real opportunity to improve upon it.
Steve Barger: Got it. Okay. And just going back to your comments a few minutes ago about looking to more of a cash EPS outlook. I mean, that -- you have $0.88 of non-cash amortization on the income statement right now. So in that framework you'd be adding that back in terms of  and trying to get people to think about the earnings profile in that context?
Patrick Dugan: Right. I think so. I think it would be very useful and I think it goes well with the EBITDA profile of the company and that's the plan. So we're going to go forward in terms of 2020 guidance and describing the business and include that in the numbers.
Steve Barger: Right. So a nice step up from that. As we think about the impact of integration synergies and the Transit projects you mentioned in the prepared remarks, do you expect to drive more margin expansion from Freight or Transit next year?
Rafael Santana: We're certainly driving to  well, margin expansion on both segments. I think we're coming from certainly a low back on the Transit side, so we do expect a broader shot of opportunities there, but it goes for both segments.
Steve Barger: Yeah. Okay. And just one last one. When do the cash outflows from the transaction roll out? Are we about done with that? Or when will we be done in calendar 2020?
Rafael Santana: Yeah. In terms of transaction costs, I think we should be pretty close to having most of those pay here in the third quarter. We still have some restructuring costs that will incur some cash, some non-cash. We'll be updating on those types of things and also cash achiever synergies will be baked into the guidance. But I think the vast majority of the specific transaction costs like fees and professional fees and banker fees, things like that have been taken care of.
Steve Barger: Great. Thanks for the time.
Rafael Santana: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier: Hey. Thanks and good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Matt Brooklier: What is sort of restructuring charge in Transit in the quarter?
Rafael Santana: So, as part of the consolidation of some of the operating facilities, we talked about the consolidation of about 1 million square feet of operating facilities. That did have some impact on our Transit businesses. The cost incurred on moving some of that work. It's transaction costs -- restructuring costs rather that we included in the add back.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. So related to the merger and integration process of what's going on.
Rafael Santana: Absolutely. And we have facilities that do both. Yeah. Exactly they do both transit and freight work. And as we consolidate them there is impact to both sides of the segments.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. Got it. Good to hear. And then, I'm going to ask about GE, a little bit differently. Rafael, as we look at the business now, what percentage of revenue is being derived from North America? And then, what percentage of revenue is being derived from your international businesses?
Rafael Santana: I think we continue to see international that wants to be more than 50% of our business. And as we look into, I call the pipeline for growth especially going to 2020 that wants to be a more robust pipeline in terms of the order stake.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. So, the more tailwind and headwind, let's say, 55%, 60% of the business of GE going forward, the balance is North America and it's pretty clear that we've had more headwinds and tailwinds in that business right now?
Rafael Santana: Yeah. Softer from a North America perspective versus internationally.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then, you talk to the modern ideations of the locomotives. It sounds like it's a growth business. I think you quantified it loosely as you're going to be doing a couple hundred of those units this year. Is there any way to maybe give a little more color in terms of the magnitude of modernization? Is that going to be a tailwind as we look to 2020?
Rafael Santana: I think we have the opportunity to make that continuous tailwind for us. I think we spoke about the opportunity of modernizing installed base and I think the order we got in the first quarter internationally is really the first one. And we'll certainly have a large installed base internationally to build from. So, I think we've done that for North America. It's an opportunity moving forward.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, great. Appreciate the time.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Hello.
Rafael Santana: Hi, good morning.
Saree Boroditsky: Good morning. The last quarter you talked about the strength in your mining business. Can you update us on what you're seeing in the mining industrial business to-date and maybe expectations going forward?
Rafael Santana: When I think of the mining business, I think we're continuing to see a robust services opportunity for upgrades. There's certainly a lot of changes on that market right now and there could be elements of softness as you go into 2020, but I wouldn't be saying more than that.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. And I know you guys have moved away from providing too much color on locomotive deliveries. But can you just help us understand as you think about 2020; it seems like it's going to be tough comparables on the Class 1 side of the business. Can you offset these with international deliveries?
Rafael Santana: Sure. I think number one as I mentioned before, I think we've got about a third of the pipelines probably associated with North America, two-thirds associated with our international opportunities. I think it's very important the fact that we have multiyear orders, especially work in the course of last couple of years that provides us visibility to the next couple of years for the business. And that's true for both the Freight and the Transit side of the business.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. And then just one last thing. This has been asked a couple different ways. On the accounting policy harmonization, you had about $115 million benefit to sales to-date. Is that all reversed out in 2020?
Patrick Dugan: Yes, exactly. So, when we get into the guidance next year, we will not be taking any of these as add-backs or adjustments, they will be included in our guidance.
Saree Boroditsky: But it will be a headwind to sales for next year since they're included in 2019?
Patrick Dugan: Yes. Well, I think the way to think of it is it will be a headwind to sales because the process, the way we've handled it in the past was to book these kind of cumulative adjustments for these projects where it will be a benefit or a tailwind will be the fact that it will result in real margin expansion not nearly as much because it's really kind of within the quarter as incurred in real cash, but it will be a tailwind as these projects are -- we execute on these projects and get the benefits.
Saree Boroditsky: No, I appreciate that. I'm just trying to understand -- 2019 to 2020 that revenue is a headwind. Okay, that's perfect. Thank you so much for taking my question.
Patrick Dugan: Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thank you. Operator The next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good morning Rafael, Pat, and Kristine. I guess to revisit Scott's questions earlier on the margins, but maybe just to take it to the Freight side a little bit more direct. You mentioned that there's some mix impacts in the third versus fourth quarter and you expect the margin impact. Can you quantify that, I guess, shift into the fourth quarter? And I guess really looking for what's the margin pullback you're expecting because of that.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So I think we've talked about where we think the margins will be for the full year and it will be roughly the 14% that we talked about. Where is the mix, where is  how is this manifesting itself higher OE deliveries on some projects for locos and other OE projects which is  and we talked about the fact that the third quarter especially for freight loco services is probably always the strongest part of our  the strongest season for that time because of the timing and how the kind of Class 1s do their maintenance. So I think between those elements and the guidance you can kind of get a sense of where the quarter  quarter EBIT margin is going to be and we've included all those factors those assumptions in our full year guidance.
Ken Hoexter: Okay. And then I guess maybe just a bigger-picture thought you ramped up your freight backlog for the next 12 months. Obviously, it also declined long term. Maybe just your thoughts on kind of the  your view on the market right now?
Rafael Santana: I think we continue to look at some robust opportunity internationally. And as we go around the world, I mean Asia seems to certainly be a brighter spot for us whereas if I talk about Australia and New Zealand or India, we certainly see good amount of opportunity in Indonesia as well. As far as the transit market goes, the team is working strongly on opportunities in both Europe and North America as well. We're following through a number of the next phases of projects we've done in Africa. And I think that's an exciting part of the portfolio where we have the opportunity to offset some of the softness of North America.
Ken Hoexter: And just last one if I can on the U.K. transit contract. Any update on kind on when that fully rolls off and I guess ability to kind of  in that margin impact offering?
Rafael Santana: Yes. I mean we're largely still on the same schedule that we talked about before. The margin is very low and we have about $25 million of revenue impact quarter, every quarter okay. So we're still looking at these projects wind up at the end of 2020 with a little bit still not nearly so much $25 million anymore but a little bit rolling into the first quarter of 2021. So we see this as a little bit of a margin headwind for  it's part of our plan to burn off this backlog and be more selective on any projects going forward so we don't have the same situation. I just want to emphasize one thing about the backlog question. I mean, quarter-to-quarter we have fluctuations. It's a lumpy business. You win projects. You add them and you can have some kind of variability quarter-to-quarter and really for me as we focus on the order intake and kind of year-over-year view.
Ken Hoexter: Is there any seasonality to that to kind of timing of wins or just consistent on the fluctuation side?
Rafael Santana: No. Like I said, it's just about new customer timing and when they're working on projects. And so they can have some pretty  it can have some impact to the quarter-to-quarter on how you look at the backlog change.
Ken Hoexter: Helpful. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Kristine Kubacki for any closing remarks.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Debbie. Thank you everyone for your participation today. We look forward to speaking to you next quarter and we'll have more details about our upcoming Analyst Day early next year. Take care. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kristine Kubacki, Vice President of Investor Relations. The floor is yours ma'am.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtec second quarter earnings call. With us today are Executive Chairman, Al Neupaver; President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, Pat Dugan; and Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz. Before we start, I would like to remind you that our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we will be making today are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world today. We will also disclose non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. And now I will turn the call over to Al. 
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning to everyone. First, I would like to start by welcoming Kristine to the team. I've known Kristine for quite some time and she's already had a very positive impact at Wabtec. I'm confident she will do the same for you, our investors, going forward. Today, we are looking forward to sharing with you the progress that we're making across the portfolio as the new Wabtec. This is a strong company that is globally positioned with a significant backlog, a diverse portfolio of businesses and an unmatched market position. It's a company with transformational technologies and solutions and established position in digital and electronics. These are disruptive technologies that are important for the future of Wabtec as well as the industry, and will give us momentum as we help customers redefine how they run their assets and operations. And finally, it's a company with a proven leadership team that has managed successfully through the cycles with the right levers in place to deliver continuous lean improvement and drive improved productivity. We are very pleased with the progress that we have made since the Wabtec and GE Transportation merger. We have made great strides in integrating our cultures and integrating our organizational structure. We have a strong leadership team in place with alignment, and we have validated our synergy run rate targets of $250 million by year 4. Before I turn it over to Rafael, I also wanted to share some insights on him as a leader. I've had the opportunity to work closely with him since we announced the deal some 14 months ago. Rafael has a deep understanding of the portfolio and a unique perspective on the world given his global background. He is a proven growth leader, a strong operator and has a deep appreciation for prudent capital allocation. He's also a champion of lean enterprise and continuous improvement and keenly focused on delivering for both the short and long-term. These traits are great foundational qualities to have as a CEO and I'm looking forward to all that he can deliver. With that, I'll hand the call over to Rafael. 
Rafael Santana: Okay. Thanks, Al. It's good to be back with all of you today and officially in the role. As Al noted, Wabtec's a strong company with 150 years of history, serving really as the leader in the transportation industry, we're driving productivity, moving people and products around the globe. We're paving the way for safety, efficiency, reliability and sustainability for our customers. With this context in mind, I really wanted to share with you some initial thoughts on how we'll continue to create shareholder value. First and foremost, and now as I had highlighted to you in our last call, we are focused on executing our plan and delivering on our financial commitments. We have plans laid out for better positioning our legacy businesses, and we're laser-focused on making sure that we execute on our financial commitments for the year. Stronger cash generation will allow us to create further shareholder value, while prioritizing debt reduction and creating flexibility to fund organic growth, acquisition, stock buybacks and dividends. Second, we're really committed to continuous margin improvement. We're establishing the right structure to position the company for profitable growth through the cycles. This includes our more focused prioritization of resources and prudent capital allocation. Our cost reductions and synergy initiatives, stemming from the Wabtec and GE Transportation merger, they have already begun to deliver benefits, and we have the opportunity to further accelerate synergies. We're confident that our integration efforts will lead to a more competitive cost structure for our business and we will build up on the foundation to improve cash flows and margins. Third, we'll leverage our scale, deep technology domain, diverse business portfolio to drive profitable growth. We'll continue to invest on organic opportunities, expanding our competitive advantage, while combining innovation and technology with process-rigor and global reach to drive increased value for both our customers and shareholders. Finally, we have an exceptional team committed to outperform. Together, we're building a culture focused on execution and accountability with a shared sense of purpose to move things in a better way. As you've seen our commitments in our second quarter results, even despite of the challenging environment in North America that includes carloads down for the year, PSI implementation and one of the highest levels of part locomotives in over a decade, we're focused on controlling what we can. This means accelerating cost out and restructuring efforts for the business along with synergies. At a high level, we had a good quarter with strong operating performance, margin expansion, solid cash flows from operations, and based on our second Q performance, current backlog in our assessment of key markets we're raising our cash flow guidance for the full year to approximately $900 million and our EPS guidance is now $4.10 to $4.20. I'll talk more about our market expectations for both Freight and Transit, but first, Pat will provide you with a deeper dive into the financials. Pat?
Pat Dugan: Thank you, Rafael. As you can see from our press release this morning, we are going to discuss both GAAP and adjusted numbers, so we encourage you to review the reconciliations we provided. We continue the momentum started in the first quarter and delivered solid operating performance in the second quarter, which was the first full quarter of results since completing the merger between Wabtec and GE Transportation. Today, we updated our guidance for sales for adjusted income from operations for adjusted EBITDA, for adjusted EPS and cash flow from operations, which shows that our business is performing up to expectations. So looking at sales. The sales for the second quarter were $2.24 billion. Adjusted sales were $2.25 billion, excluding the effect -- that adjustment is excluding the effects of accounting policy of harmonization. Our Freight segment sales increased 262% to $1.5 billion. That increase is obviously due to the GET merger, which contributed $1.1 billion. Our organic sales decreased $34 million, primarily due to lower electronic sales. The quarterly run rate for the rest of the year will fluctuate based on delivery schedules and projects on some seasonality and among other factors. The Transit segment sales increased 6% to $742 million, and that was driven by strong growth in OEM sales. The increase -- the organic increase was about $81 million and acquisitions contributed $3 million, which was offset by negative impact of foreign exchange of about $41 million. This is the sixth quarter in a row we've now seen organic sales growth, which shows that our new record backlog has kicked in for Transit. Looking at consolidated operating income for the quarter, it was $201 million and adjusted operating income was $320 million or 14.2% of adjusted sales. Adjusted operating income, excluded pretax expenses of $119 million related to the GE Transportation merger, and to break that out, it consists of $89 million for one-time non-cash purchase price accounting charges; $31 million for transaction and other restructuring costs. Again, I'll point and ask you to see our reconciliation table for these details. In addition to these expenses, the company also had pretax expense of $56 million or about $0.22 earnings per share for non-cash recurring purchase price accounting charges. We have not added that back to our adjusted income from operations. So looking at some of the detailed line items in our income statement. SG&A was $291 million, including $40 million of the $119 million of expenses I just discussed. We expect the adjusted number for SG&A to be about $250 million per quarter going forward. Engineering expenses increased to $57 million due mainly to the addition of the GE Transportation business, and the amortization expense was $66 million, including $56 million of additional recurring PPA for the GE Transportation merger. Going forward, we expect the amortization expense to be about $65 million for each quarter. So looking at segment operating income for Freight. Operating income was $152 million and adjusted operating income was $251 million for an adjusted margin of 16.6%. Transit, operating income was $71 million for an operating margin of 9.6%, higher due to operating leverage from higher sales. For the full year of 2019, we expect our consolidated adjusted operating income to be about 14%, and we expect adjusted operating segment margins to improve through the year. These improvements will come through our continued improvement and project performance, a better mix of sales and the benefits of restructuring and cost reduction programs. We have also included net synergy benefits of about $20 million in our adjusted guidance for the year. I also want to emphasize that we expect to see that normal seasonality in our Transit business in the third quarter. Additionally, product mix can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. Project deliveries and other factors will impact our results, which is why we do not guide to segment sales and margins. Interest expense -- net interest expense was $59 million due to our higher debt balance related to the acquisition. Adjusted net interest expense was $55 million. Going forward, we expect interest expense to be about $55 million per quarter. Remember that we are focused and have as a priority generating cash to reduce our debt and therefore, our interest expense. Income tax expense was $41 million excluding the net tax benefit from transaction costs for the GE Transportation merger, adjusted income tax expense was $65 million for adjusted effective tax rate of about 24.5%. Second quarter EPS had a GAAP EPS, earnings per diluted share, of $0.54, and an adjusted EPS of about $1.06. To help you reconcile that second quarter EPS, you can find the following details in our press release. We start with GAAP EPS of $0.54, we add back at one-time non-cash PPA of about $0.35, we add back our transaction and restructuring costs, which was about $0.14 and add back tax expense for non-deductible transaction cost of about $0.03, resulting in an adjusted EPS of $1.06. I'll just highlight again that, in addition to these expenses above, the company also had after-tax expense of $0.22 per diluted share or non-cash recurring purchase price accounting charges. EBITDA, which Wabtec defines as income from operations plus depreciation and amortization was $308 million, and adjusted EBITDA was $428 million. Adjusted EBITDA excluded pretax expense of $119 million as discussed earlier. Now shifting to our balance sheet and to our cash flow. We believe that our balance sheet provide the financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We have an investment grade credit rating and our goal is to maintain. In Q2, we generated cash from operations of about $413 million, and that's due mainly to improved working capital and from customer deposits received on certain contracts -- certain projects. When you look at our working capital at June 30th, our receivables were $1.7 billion; our inventories were $1.9 billion; and payables were $1.2 billion, with all showing improvement compared to the first quarter. Our receivable balance included unbilled receivables of about $460 million, which were more than offset by customer deposits of $649 million. Our cash and debt at June 30th, we had $461 million in cash, mostly held outside the United States, and our total debt was about $4.63 billion, resulting in a net debt to adjusted EBITDA of about three times compared to about 3.4 times at the end of Q1. By year-end, we are targeting net debt to adjusted EBITDA to be about 2.5 times. So a couple miscellaneous items that we always review with you in these calls. Our depreciation for the quarter was $42 million versus $16 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase is due to the merger with GE Transportation. And for the full year of 2019, we expect our depreciation to be about $155 million. Amortization expense was $66 million compared to $10 million in last year's quarter, the increase is also due to the merger. For the full year of 2019, we expect it to be about $225 million. Our CapEx expenditures were $32 million in the quarter versus $22 million a year ago. The increase again, due to the merger, and we expect to spend about $200 million in 2019. Our backlog at June 30th, our multiyear backlog was $22.6 billion in our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of that multiyear backlog was $5.9 billion. So let's talk about our updated guidance for 2019 for a minute. Based on our second quarter performance, based on our current backlog and based on our assessment of conditions in our key markets, our guidance is for sales to be about $8.3 billion. Our adjusted EBITDA to be about $1.6 billion. Our adjusted income from operations of about $1.2 billion, and adjusted earnings per diluted share between $4.10 and $4.20, and we have raised our GAAP cash from operations guidance to be about $900 million for the year. Even in light of the aforementioned market challenges, we believe this guidance is achievable, as we focus on controlling what we can, which means focusing on accelerating our cost actions and synergies into the year-end. The adjusted guidance excludes estimated expenses for the GE Transportation merger, for transaction and restructuring costs, for the one-time purchase price accounting charges and for non-cash accounting policy harmonization. Excluding these expenses, our adjusted operating margin target for the full year is about 14%, and our effective tax rate for the full year is expected to be about 24%. I'd also like to point out that our adjusted guidance includes after-tax expense of about $0.80 per diluted share for the non-cash recurring purchase price accounting charges. In other words, we are not adding it back to our adjusted EPS guidance right now. So with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Rafael.
Rafael Santana: Hey, thanks, Pat. First, let me talk to you about the overall Freight market conditions. Let's start with North America, Freight rail traffic's down about 2% year-to-date, driven largely by inclement weather conditions, the drop in the intermodal traffic, the declines in critical commodities, like coal and agriculture, Precision Scheduled Railroading is certainly having some effect on new local orders, but it's offset by our modernization program and aftermarket services book. We continue to work closely with all platforms to understand their current fleet strategies, and we remain confident that our business model as a technology leader in critical provider of services is much more aligned with what the railroads are trying to accomplish with PSR, namely: improve the efficiency and productivity. Across our international markets, we remain well-positioned for growth, and we're pursuing fleet expansions and opportunities across some critical growth markets. This includes Southeast Asia, includes Brazil, opportunity in the West Coast of Africa. Additionally, we continue to see the strength in our industrial end markets, particularly in mining, we expect double-digit growth for the total year. So while we saw a weaker North American market, our Freight business performed as expected. Looking at the rest of the year, we now adjusted our view on cargo volume, which we now expect to be lower versus a year ago. The Freight car market has weakened versus last quarter, and it's tracking now to deliveries in the low to mid-50s for the year, and these assumptions are included in our guidance for the year. With that in mind, let me move into Transit. The Transit sector, we're seeing a steady growth in ridership and urbanization. Agent fleets across Europe and the U.S., they need to be upgraded, presenting a really unique opportunities for growth. We see public operators are being flushed or increased productivity, and the industry is demanding coal are really advancements, including safety, reliability and condition monitoring, which are areas we place a strong role and will continue to grow. Across our segment portfolio, we have a firm multiyear backlog that will result in growth. We are continuing to make progress on our Transit business. Lilian Leroux and the Transit team are driving a clear focus on prudent project selection that will lead to increased profitability as well as long-term aftermarkets revenues. At the same time, we are continuing to drive actions to improve execution on our existing projects. With these efforts underway, we remain confident that our Transit segment margins will improve over the company's strategic planning period. With that, I hope you have a better chance for what we're seeing across the company. Our strengths, our challenges and our strategy for moving forward. We reported good performance this quarter. We've raised our cash flow guidance for the full year to approximately $900 million. We've our adjusted EPS guidance down at $4.10 to $4.20. Additionally, we're off the strong start with the integration of Wabtec and GE Transportation and remain on plan to deliver $250 million of operating synergies by the end of year 4 of the merger with the higher-than-expected run rate for growth synergies by the end of this year. Our teams are focused on delivering for the year, while creating long-term value for our customers and shareholders. Now we're happy to answer any of your questions. So Mike, please, proceed
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question we have will come from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak: So Rafael, I know you only have a quarter under your belt in terms of managing Wabtec, or less than that, I guess. As you look to it, anything surprising or negative? The one thing that caught my attention was in your opening remarks about trying to find a way to better position the legacy products that Wabtec has. So any commentary that you have around that?
Rafael Santana: Well so, a couple things, I think. Number one, when we started to work on that a while back, I've had the opportunity to start interacting with Al and the team here going back 14 months ago. So if we have the opportunity to really go through a map a lot of the opportunities as I look at these opportunities that we continue to have, the opportunity here to grow share in terms of the content of Wabtec drives us into the locomotives that we provide to the market out there. I think there are some of the key markets, globally speaking, that we're well-positioned. We can take advantage of longer-term agreements and bringing a lot of those products into the heart of our services franchise. So, it's one area of opportunity here and we feel strong about being able to drive share going up with our customers.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then obviously, Transit margin showed nice some improvement. It seems like the OEM mix was still there. Can you maybe is it sort of the past issues now firmly behind and you're making some move on the productivity efforts there? And maybe talk to that just given some of the OEM mix headwinds I've seen applied in the quarter?
Rafael Santana: Yes. So I think you've seen some progress there, early days. What I'd say is, Lilian Leroux and the team, they are really committed to make sure that we have a strong rigor to the bidding process. So that speaks to the quality of the order intake, making sure that we sign up for projects that we clearly understand risks and that we're able to deliver on it, so that's where it starts first, the quality of the order intake. The team has been taking really strong view on projects we are executing through, making sure the accountabilities there, that we're taking cost out measures as a result of that. So to that process, we do expect and we're committed to drive improvement of margins overtime. And with regards to the U.K. projects, those projects -- some of that is -- those projects actually extends into 2020 and '21. I think some of these elements that you laid is really associated with the receipt of cars to be repair and overhaul and they've got to be sent by the customer to us. We're going to see the majority of that being run out by the end of this year. So just continue to work early days some improvement in the quarter, a lot of work ahead of us.
Allison Poliniak: And you just mentioned early days, and there's nothing structural with the European business that you guys could not get back to sort of that low-double-digit mid-teen margin, is there?
Rafael Santana: We've been there in the past. There's clearly opportunities. The question is how fast we get there? So we're surely committed to improving the margins.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Next we have Justin Long of Stephens.
Justin Long: Thanks. And congrats on the quarter. I wanted to start with a question on operating cashflow and the guidance there. So using the midpoint of the prior guidance, it looks like the expectation for 2019 went up by $350 million on a GAAP basis, and it went up about $150 million on an adjusted basis. Pat, can you just help us understand what drove these increases in operating cash flow and the outlook? 
Pat Dugan: Sure. I think when you look at it, and we talk about it an awful lot in previous calls, is that there was just some concern at the day of close. Remember in the first quarter, we were only five weeks into the combination, and we definitely had some, what I keep referring to as a supply chain tools that were provided by GE Capital and help the business manage their working capital. Factory programs on receivables, extended supplier programs, payment programs for -- on the payable side. And so the impact of those -- getting out of those tools was -- it was a headwind, something that we were concerned about. And I think we kind of referred everybody references that, that was about $150 million worth of working capital concern. And frankly the team has done an excellent job on mitigating that impact, working to do a good job in collecting receivables and working with our suppliers. And then on top of that, there's just been an overall better performance in terms of -- and focus on working capital management. So all Wabtec contributed to better receivables, better payable management, better inventory management. And then we also have, and I talked about this in the script, a little bit of the impact of some customer deposits that we received on discrete projects. So all in all, it was a good working capital performance. The mitigation of that headwind ended up in a really good cash performance in the second quarter. On a go-forward basis in terms of our guidance, we think that we're giving a good view of a typical cash conversion cycle. We don't see any kind of like one-time benefit or working capital, rather a continues improvement working capital, and really allows us to come forward with that a good guidance number that's materially improved.
Justin Long: Okay. And just to clarify on that. So previously, you were assuming $150 million of a working capital headwind, and it sounds like now, you're assuming working capital is neutral for 2019?
Pat Dugan: Yes. I think that's right. And we also had some concerns on the working capital. We've had restructuring and other costs. And so that was really kind of added up to our total impact of cash with that was the $300 million.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. And for my second question, Rafael, I wanted to go back that you put in the release and you said in your prepared remarks, you talked about an acceleration and cost reductions and synergy initiatives. But can you help us size up the benefit from those actions? And in terms of the timing of these actions, is this more of a benefit to 2020? Because I notice the synergy guidance for this year didn't change. 
Rafael Santana: So from a synergy perspective, yes. I think we've guided it from net synergies of $20 million for this year. I certainly tracking to north of that. But the bulk of the synergies for the $250 million will be '20 and beyond. I think we're really making sure we continue to evaluate and watch closely our end markets, the various end markets that we serve. And we've been ready to take actions as needed, as those markets fluctuate and we get a positive, we will have a positive news in that regard. And you're seeing the reflection of some of those actions already in our second quarter results.
Justin Long: And do you have any initial thoughts on the synergy benefits you could see next year?
Rafael Santana: No. We're not at this point providing what I'll tell you is we have validated the $250 million of targets to be achieved by the end of 2022, and we're certainly mapping incremental opportunities that we could act on as the environment demands.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. I'll leave at that. Thanks for the time.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Scott Group: Pat -- I wanted to pop on some of the cash flow things. Can you just quantify how big is the customer deposits benefit in that change in cash flow? And then when we talk about -- we felt we were going to have $150 million headwind from factoring and now not, is that mean that we've been factoring now so this is an ongoing benefit? Or is this sort of we've found some offsets for this year but we stop that factoring headwind to think about in the future years? And then can you just clarify -- sorry, go ahead.
Pat Dugan: So just let me answer those two questions first, okay. In terms of the factoring, the factoring, we have not replaced the factoring program. We had to exit the GE factoring programs. So in other words, the factoring provided a quicker turn on cash receipts on receivables. We have been able to -- that's been paid off and there is no more factoring out there and we have not put in a new program in place for those receivables. We have -- so that's behind us. And if we were to actually find and get into a factoring program that we thought was a good answer and attractive, that would be a benefit going forward. But we have nothing that we're working on right now or in our plans for that right now. In terms of the customer deposits, I think, in total, the receipts of customer deposits that I was referring to were about $60 million. And one of those deposits occurred -- a portion of those deposits occurred in the first quarter and the second quarter. But of course, you're constantly kind of receiving and consuming deposits, so to speak, in terms of project performance. But the gross number received was about 60.
Scott Group: Okay. Helpful. And then just as we think about the free cash flow here, the tax benefit that I guess shared to GE in the beginning, does that show up in the $900 million of cash from ops? Or is that in investing?
Pat Dugan: So I think you're going to get a benefit from the cash sharing kind of arrangement, where we get the benefit, in other words, we have less that we have to pay to the government, so to speak, in terms of taxes. And that shows up in the cash from operations. But the amount that we paid to GE to their cap, $470 million, will come out in our cash from investing activities -- the cash used in investing activities. So I think to quantify that for you, because I think that would be a good piece of information, maybe the benefit in the second quarter is about $20 million, and I would expect a similar benefit in each of the future quarters.
Scott Group: And you're saying that's the net benefit, the $20 million, this quarter?
Pat Dugan: That's the benefit to cash from operations. So that would be a good guide in the cash from operations in the second quarter and each of the third in the fourth quarter, and then you would have an outflow in investing activities that would be equal to a net -- 0 net impact. 
Scott Group: Okay. Makes sense. And then just lastly, you mentioned the Freight sales were down, I think just a lower electronic sales, I presume that some of the PTC side starting to roll off. Are we seeing a full run rate of that reduced PTC spend? Or do you think we need to think about the potential another sort of step-down in that into next year?
Pat Dugan: No. I think a year ago, electronic sales and PTC sales, we're running in with the idea that, that deadline in 2018 was -- had an impact. And I think that when you look at the current quarter, I think we're at the kind of the more typical run rate without the PTC deadline out there. So the decline in electronic sales would definitely correlate to the change in PTC demand. What we're focused on now is again, the development of the next-generation opportunities, on maintenance contracts and upgrade the capabilities in PTC. And so we really see that as our growth opportunity, especially as we integrated with our -- the digital business that came in GET.
Scott Group: Thanks a lot guys. Appreciated.
Pat Dugan: Thank you.
Operator: Next question we have will come from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning, everyone. This is Dan [Indiscernible] on for Jerry.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Morning. Can you help us talk about the organic growth in the quarter at the legacy Wabtec Freight business as well as the acquired GE Transportation business? And can you also give us an idea on how you're thinking about those two things organic growth trajectories going forward as well?
Rafael Santana: So maybe a good way to answer your question just to kind of walk you a little bit on some of the dynamics we're seeing around the world. I'll probably start with Asia, where traffic continues to be strong, driving demand for one of our rolling stock in locomotive replacement. So we've been working on a number of opportunities there. You take the aspects of the Australia, New Zealand, we also see fleet when the opportunities in the works driving demands. And here's a combination of not just locomotives, but Freight cars and a lot of the components that we sell. There continues to be pockets opportunity in Africa, of course, we recently completed contract for 233 locomotives, but we're expecting to grow in the West Africa, and those are some of the opportunities we work here to the second quarter. Russia and CIS, despite traffic being flattish, there are certainly opportunities for fleet renewal, and we're really working strongly with both Russia, Ukraine and opportunities ahead. Last one is probably Latin America. I'd say right now, demand seems to be moderate, but we found pockets of opportunities to grow our fleet there. And we'll continue to pursue that.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. And turning to Freight, the backlog, some burn in the quarter. Can you comment on the 2Q order activity for again, both the legacy Wabtec Freight business and the acquired GE Transportation business? And then going forward, what are you seeing as the cadence for new locomotive opportunities? How's the -- steps there a little bit, but can you elaborate on the prospect list? And when can we expect to return to backlog growth in the Freight segment?
Rafael Santana: Okay. So we've seen the backlog with a slight decrease of about $600 million from the first quarter. I'd say some of that is really associated with the lumpiness of some of the orders. Keep in mind, we've received a number of multiyear orders in the course of the last couple of years. And I think that's number one, something to keep in mind. The second piece to that is, as you start looking to the elements of our Freight market specific, I think there's surely headwinds. So when I think about, I'll call, our OE business, and especially in the light of North America. I think it's important to keep in mind that some of the dynamics have been playing out for some time. I mean, I've been having a number of locomotives were part starting the first half in the first part of the second half of last year, and it has gone through the first half of this year. Right now, we're sitting on one of the highest numbers of locomotive part for the past 10 years, and that has played out over the last 12 months. When you think about the aspect of carloads being down, that certainly be a dynamic since the beginning of this year. I think what we like on our portfolio is, when I think about the services portfolio, our recurring revenue certainly have a more global installed base they were certainly take advantage of. I think we have a portfolio that allows customers for the fleets that they are maintaining and running that we have the opportunities to provide enhancements to that fleet. You're seeing that coming through the modernization program, but we're certainly seeing the fleets there are remaining active. There's more demand for parts. Service got to be intensified on those in order to improve reliability and availability of those units. So when you blend that up, I mean, we're looking at sources business that is growing for the year, I think that's one element to keep in your mind. When it comes down to -- and specifically you asked on new locomotives. I think, as we discuss strategies for our customers, I think there has been a number of discussions where the preference might have gone towards modernizations versus new locomotives, and that's offsetting some of that pressure. And we like the portfolio we have in terms of the opportunities, and there's lot of pieces of the portfolio, which Transits, we certainly have an opportunity here to continue to drive growth. Mining, we're having double-digit growth for the year and good prospects here moving forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then finally, can you give us an update on the share picture in the locomotive business? Are you seeing any shift in competitive intensity? Or maybe do you anticipate any change down the road when we head up into a new up cycle?
Rafael Santana: So I think we are well-positioned from a technology perspective to have really one of the most competitive products out there as far as you look, not just in North America, but internationally. It's an element not just of new locomotive, it's also an element of the services portfolio. So keeping those fleets up-to-date, efficient, productive. So, when I look at the share of installed base, I think we've been able to grow that share on installed base just based on having a more reliable and more efficient fleet. And we're certainly continuing to make investments to allow customers more opportunities to invest on getting more value out of the existing fleet, which also drives value for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Thanks.
Operator: And the next question we have will come from Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. 
Chris Wetherbee: Thanks. Good morning.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Chris Wetherbee: I wanted to stick on, I guess, on the Freight business for a moment, and it sounds like you calibrated the outlook for the full year from a revenue perspective towards some of the deceleration that we've seen, at least here in the North America. Can you give us a sense of the what you think the sort in the back half may look like or whats embedded in the guidance in terms of maybe returned to some degree of growth here or some stabilization? Certainly, the current environment seems particularly soft. So, kind of I just wanted to get a sense of how the guidance is calibrated to the current environment relative to a potential improvement as we move forward to the rest of the year?
Rafael Santana: Okay. When it comes to that rest of the year, of course, we assess here the backlog and the current projects we're working on and we felt strong to the point that we've raised the guidance on cash flows, and we are really moved our range from $4.10 to $4.20. So just stuck there. With regards to being able to comment on 2020, it's kind of too early. We're certainly watching carefully our various end markets, and we're really ready to take the necessary cost actions to make sure that we offset any elements of challenges on any markets that we ultimately serve. I think one of the things to keep in mind, as what I just described for our services business, which I think it really has the opportunity to drive value of providing customers solutions for the existing fleet. So, you're going to need to ultimately extract more values on those fleets. They need to be running better from positions, and I think we're seeing the opportunity to grow our services business as a result of that. But we'll keep really watching carefully some of the same data that you look at it, and we'll continue to monitor our end markets.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. That's helpful. And I just want to come back to the working capital point for a moment and make sure that I understood what you guys are describing here. When you think about sort of working capital go-forward for the mix of the business that expands today, should we assume that should be sort of more neutral? Or was that more of a 2019 -- I just want to make sure I understand sort of what the outlook there is?
Pat Dugan: So I think what we're talking about in our guidance is that our working capital at the end of the second quarter will remain about the same level as it is now. We're not -- obviously, we're constantly looking to perform better, to do better with working capital, inventory returns, receivable, days outstanding, but in terms of our guidance, we're feeling like that's fairly neutral through the rest of the year. The overhang that we keep talking about in the initial guidance that we gave earlier in the year is really -- we feel is behind us. The factoring, the extended payment terms programs, those have unwound themselves, and of course, the restructuring cash costs were also part of that adjustment. So it's just -- we're looking at a kind of a neutral view on working capital changes through the rest of the year.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. That's helpful. If I can sneak in one last one here. I know its early to talk about synergies beyond the rest of 2019, but conceptually, when you think about the opportunities that the general view that will be back end-weighted, what are the sort of factors that you guys are looking at that could potentially influence or impact the timing been able to sort of leverage those synergies? I don't know if you're global macro dynamics and how much that sort of plays into or maybe that allows you to accelerate things. It sounds like there is an effort to accelerate cost take out and be more focused. I just want to get rough sense of bigger picture when you think about the longer-term integration of the business, how do you think about the potential for realizing those synergies?
Pat Dugan: I think we're on track to achieve these synergies. I think what you're kind of driving is, what leverage do we have in order to pull those in? Or what kind of risks are there for them to be pushed off? And I definitely think that there is lot of factors, a lot of opportunity there. We're going to -- when we talk about our synergies and the kind of the buckets where these are being achieved, both near-term and long-term, it's definitely coming from sourcing, combining as a bigger organization, leveraging each other's supply chain, reducing the number of rooftops, having consolidated facilities and capacity. And you can kind of look at those near-term synergies that we've talked about as they could be impacted how fast we move based on our market conditions. Our goal is to move as fast as possible to get these opportunities kind of benefiting the company in 2019, so that they're up and running already for future periods.
Chris Wetherbee: Perfect. Thanks very much for the color. Appreciated.
Pat Dugan: Yup.
Operator: Next question we have will come from Matt Elkott of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Let me ask about the Freight backlog. The 12-month portion of that backlog went down slightly from March, from I think 20.9% to 20.2%. So it's a slight decline. But I was just wondering if it maybe partly a function of customers wanting to push out deliveries? Or if there are any discussions of that sort going on.
Rafael Santana: So couple points with regard to our backlog, I think we were clear in the first quarter. Our backlog for new locomotives was close to 2,000 units. And the modernizations, they were close to 900 units. I'd say, at the end of the second quarter, those numbers are about 1,900 for new locomotives and about 800 for mods in that regard. We have not had any project cancellations. I mean, of course, it's part of as we might have discussions with customers in terms of timing of our deliveries and things like that. But we don't disclose those, and they're really on a case-by-case basis.
Matt Elkott: Got it. That's helpful. And Rafael, the initial guidance for locomotives on the deal was first announced was double-digit CAGR growth for 2021. How much lower is that outlook now that rail traffic is down and PSR is widely implemented?
Rafael Santana: So couple of points. I think number one, this is a cyclical market. But overtime, we do expect that those numbers can be, I'll call, more than two times higher versus the trough numbers than we had in 2018. With that in mind, and there's certainly a variety of elements playing out there. Some of it, as you discussed, fleet strategies with customers, we are seeing a stronger interest in some of the modernization programs. In terms of numbers, those are more than offsetting out of some of the numbers on -- from new locomotives. But over time, I think a good way to think about it is, think about we think about the fleets that we have out there, they're running hard in some key markets. You'll see those locomotives, in average, being replaced every 20 to 30 years. So if you think about that, just from a U.S. market perspective with close to 50,000 units, you apply that logic, I mean you'll see we should expect those numbers to be north of 500 locomotives in average per year, and of course, we've got all the international markets, which will be very project-based. So we think it's consistent. The timing on those will vary based on where we are in the cycle.
Matt Elkott: Okay. And the modernization is going to the aftermarket portion of the revenue, right? Not the newbuild?
Rafael Santana: That's correct.
Matt Elkott: Okay. And I know that there are railroads that are contemplating whether they do in-house modernization or they let you guys do it. Can you maybe talk about that a bit? And whether you guys are thinking of any incentives to increase the portion that you would do?
Rafael Santana: So we do both today. In some cases, we do the full modernization ourselves. In some cases, we ship a lot of the -- and what the railroads will do, they will utilize the fact that they might have a capacity available in their shops to do a lot of the assembly and apply the labor hours, to get more, I'll call efficiency and level loads in their plants. So this is really a case-by-case basis. What I'll tell you, I think we've been able to really deliver on a strong reliability and availability our numbers for the units that we do.
Matt Elkott: Got it. And then just one last question. Should we expect you guys any time in the next few quarters to give us updated long-term goals? And maybe give us some more color some sort of quantification of the digital opportunities? Because I know that's pretty big part of your thesis going forward?
Rafael Santana: Yes. So up to this point, I'd say we have really been very focused on the integration and synergies and making sure that we are working on delivering our commitments. We are starting the process of really doing this long-term planning through the second half of the year. We do intend to have an Investor Day at this point, likely to happen in the earlier parts of next year.
Matt Elkott: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Matt Brooklier of Buckingham Research.
Matt Brooklier: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk to the cadence of EPS in the second half of the year. I think Pat reminded us that you do have some seasonality in your Transit business from 2Q into 3Q, but this is kind of a different ballgame due to the fact that with GE and there is obviously more kind of project timing that influences numbers. But just curious if you could give us maybe a little directional guidance in terms of how we expect 3Q and 4Q EPS to play out?
Pat Dugan: Yes. Matt, we've never given any kind of quarter guidance before it gets kind of difficult. We definitely will have an impact on the Transit business, which was largely European. Not only -- our customers are -- will get into shutdowns and other kind of slowdowns in their own production, so it kind of has a triple effect into our Transit business. The other thing is, we have with our -- with GET, there is an impact on timing of service and the underlying contracts and projects that we have. And so right now, it's probably not as dramatic an impact as it has been in the past, but kind of a little bit -- it's still a factor. It still matters. And so that's why we pointed that out.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. That's helpful. And Rafael, you talked about, it's pretty clear there's weakness in the North American locomotive market. You do have some offset from your modernization program. Can you talk about where you are from a utilization perspective on modernizations? Is there an opportunity to potentially grow that program as we move into 2020 to offset may be continued headwinds in terms of North American new locomotive orders?
Rafael Santana: What I'll tell you is, we are growing that specific product line by double-digits into this year. So there certainly an element of opportunity here to continue to drive growth there and being a significant part of what we do. We -- I also continue to evaluate opportunities for new locomotives as we continue to advance some of the product offering to improve fuel efficiency and to improve our automation as part of that. I think we had a strong first half for the year. I think we feel on track to increase, while again the low end of the guidance. We're continuing to watch and monitoring our end markets. I think one of the elements to offset some of that softness is the service franchise. The global footprint that we have and the offering that we have to get more out of the install base. The assets that are remaining in operations, they're demanding more services, they're demanding more parts. You want to ultimately guarantee that you have a more reliable asset running, and we're seeing the services business that it's growing this year. And just to point out again, I mean, a lot of these dynamics have been in place for some time. I mean we've been seeing locomotives being part as -- early part of the second half of last year. And a year later, we're sitting here in one of the highest levels of what his part, and carloads has been coming down since January here for the business. And so I think we like some of the opportunities we have here with the services franchise.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. Thats helpful. Those are my two. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we have Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hi, good morning, thanks.
Rafael Santana: Good morning.
Steve Barger: Good morning. With North America traffic levels down, can you talk about the aftermarket and friction product inventory in the channel? I'm just trying to get a sense for if you need to adjust production levels in the plants to balance supply and demand? And where you are with that?
Rafael Santana: So Steve, you're asking about specifically the friction business?
Steve Barger: Yes. The legacy of Wabtec Freight.
Rafael Santana: That -- the impact of volumes, it's really been an ongoing factor in how we operate the business especially our plans are North Carolina. And so they have adjusted their working capital model exactly for that demand. Really, in the end, it's -- that North America friction business is only a small component of our overall friction business, because we have multiple plants in Europe, which are serving the Transit side too, as well as Australia, India, and South America. And so all in all, I would say the impact of any kind of slowdown on friction is definitely behind us and reflected in the results.
Steve Barger: Got it. And just thinking about the Freight segment margins you talked about sequential improvement in the back half but do you expect the Freight margin on 1Q was kind of a high watermark for the year? Just trying to think about how we should calibrate two half in that segment?
Pat Dugan: Yes. The first quarter Freight margin was definitely impacted by the five-week GET results. A little bit about sales mix and the timing of how they were delivered and recognized as part of Wabtec versus part of GET -- or GE, excuse me. But also, you have to factor in the recurring PPA. We only have about a month of recurring PPA in the first quarter with that real favorable mix, where mostly revenue was kind of delivered for the quarter in the five weeks with Wabtec. When you take the full impact on the quarter, a more balanced, the sales mix in the OEM aftermarket and that recurring PPA, you get that variation on the Freight margins. The way I've been looking at it is, you look at our Q2, we're at about 16.6% Freight margin, okay, once you add back our one-time adjustments. And then if you add back all that recurring PPA, you actually have a margin for the Freight segment that's in excess of 20%, and very consistent with what kind of the legacy Wabtec Freight business has been. 
Steve Barger: Right. But you'll report the back half the same way you did this quarter, right?
Rafael Santana: Yes. Correct.
Steve Barger: Okay. And just one more, Rafael, going back to locomotive commentary, it seems the modules is stepped up based on customer thoughts are on traffic levels and PSR, but do you still expect positive year-over-year growth in domestic locomotive orders in two half 2019? Or is that less likely due to just the idle equipment that's out there?
Rafael Santana: I'll say, we're seeing certainly good in terms of deliveries. So for this year, I think with regards to next year -- I mean, this is purely  I mean we're working on a number of opportunities. The bulk of the pipeline is really a lot of international markets for new locomotives. And those tend to be a little more volatile in terms of the timing. But we're working to make sure that we improve that pipeline.
Steve Barger: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, were showing no further questions. We'll go ahead and conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Ms. Kristine Kubacki, for any closing remarks. Ma'am?
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, everyone for participating today's call. We look forward to talking with you soon. Bye-bye. 
Operator: And we thank you, ma'am, and also to the rest of the management for your time today. Again, the conference call is now concluded. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Thank you. Take care, and have a great day, everybody.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation First Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you, Nancy. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our 2019 first quarter earnings call. We do have a lot to cover, so let's get started. I'm going to introduce everybody else here in the room with me. First of all, our Executive Chairman, Al Neupaver; our President and CEO, Ray Betler; Pat Dugan, our CFO; Rafael Santana, President and CEO of our Freight segment; Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz; and our new VP of IR, Kristine Kubacki, who's recently joined us. We think Kristine is familiar to many of you. She got a lot of experience on sell side covering not just Wabtec, but many other companies in transportation and equipment. And we'll make our prepared remarks as usual, and then we'll take your questions. We do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, and of course, if we can't get to everyone's questions in the allotted time, well reach out following the call. We will make forward-looking statements during the call, so please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. And also during the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial metrics. We encourage you to read our disclosures and the reconciliation tables weve provided as you consider these metrics. So I'm going to turn the call over now to Al Neupaver.
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. It's good to talk with you today. We're happy to report that we had a good performance this quarter, and that we're on track to hit our guidance for the year. So we're off to good start in 2019, especially as we begin to integrate Wabtec and GE Transportation, after completing our merger in late February. Thanks a lot to a detailed plan and hard work prior to closing. We believe the integration has been seamless to this point. We have already validated our annual savings target of $250 million by year four. Before we get to the first quarter financials and discussion, I'd like to start off by talking about the management succession plan that we announced this morning. After conducting a thorough external and internal search, our Board has named Rafael Santana, the company's next President and Chief Executive Officer and a board member to become effective July 1 of this year. He succeeds Ray Betler, who will retire as a Wabtec executive and board member. I will continue to serve as Wabtec's Executive Chairman. This transition comes at a time of strength at Wabtec, given our diverse portfolio, excellent management team and strong backlog and balance sheet. Rafael, as you know, joined Wabtec earlier this year with the GE Transportation merger after serving as President and CEO of that division. Rafael held a wide range of executive leadership positions at GE and has spent more than a decade in the transportation industry. He is the right leader for this role, bring it to Wabtec a passion for operational excellence and technology and a strong track record of growth and performance. A native of Brazil, Rafael brings 25 years of commercial, product management and executive leadership experience to this post. He has a proven track record of transforming businesses, while delivering top and bottom line growth. While leading GE Transportation, he's significantly expanded the company's regional footprint, built a strong overall and modernization capability and backlog through multi-year program. Prior to that role, he was President and CEO of GE in Latin America, where he helped transform the market into one of GE's largest and fastest-growing regions. He also served as President and CEO of the Turbomachinery Solutions Business of GE Oil & Gas, where he drove significant margin improvement and growth in a contracting marketplace. Rafael has a degree in engineering from the Federal University of Engineering in Brazil, and will be based at Wabtec's new headquarters in Pittsburgh. Congratulations on your new role.
Rafael Santana: Hey, good morning, and thanks Al. I'm deeply honored that the Board have selected me to succeed Ray as the next President and CEO, and to really build on Wabtec's solid foundation of growth. Our company has a rich history of meeting the needs and expectations of our investors, customers and employees. Since merging GE Transportation to Wabtec, we have really been working hard to ensure that we hit both our operational, financial and synergy commitments, and I'm fully committed to delivering on these efforts. Based on our first quarter results, we are off to a solid start. I'm really excited about the year. I'm really excited about the future. With that
Al Neupaver: Okay, thanks. And Ray, on behalf of our Board and shareholders, I'd like to thank you for serving Wabtec over the last 11 years, including the past five as President and CEO. Ray's leadership at Wabtec has been extraordinary. Since joining the company, he has been an integral part of Wabtec's growth story, increasing revenues fivefold from $1.5 billion in 2008 to more than $8 billion this year. Ray also has been instrumental in reshaping our global footprint, strengthening our technology leadership position, diversifying our portfolio through the acquisition of Faiveley Transport and the merger with GE Transportation. The Board is very confident that Wabtec investors, customers and employees will benefit from these achievements for years to come. And of course, we wish you all the best in retirement.
Ray Betler: Yes, thank you, Al. And I wanted to say that I'm grateful to you. I was just following the strategy that you set out to grow this company, and it's been incredible experience over the last 11 years, and I want to thank every employee in this company for the support that they've given me as well as the Board, the management team and our shareholders. After 40 years in the transportation industry and a career that started with Westinghouse Transportation division out of Westinghouse Corporation and now it's culminated with Wabtec, the time is right for me to transition my leadership of this great company to Rafael Santana. I'm absolutely confident that he will build on our success and he will ensure that this corporation is strong and more capable in the future than it has been in the past. Throughout my career, I've been humbled by the commitment and hard work of our people and their passion to create a purpose-driven company. Together, we've raised the bar on safety, on quality, on engineering, on talent and on value. And with that, I'd like to ask Pat to now review the first quarter numbers.
Pat Dugan: So let me add my thanks to you, Ray, for everything you've done for me, for the employees at Wabtec, and I'd like to offer my congratulations and thanks to Rafael as you begin the next phase of your career. So as you can see from our press release this morning, we discussed both the GAAP and adjusted numbers, so I want to encourage you to review all the reconciliations we have provided. In addition to the adjustments we discussed, other factors are worth noting as you model your quarterly results for the rest of the year. So just as a point of emphasis, the first quarter results included about five weeks of GE Transportation's results, and it was a particularly strong period based on the delivery of products and projects and meeting the schedules of our customers. Going forward, I want to point out that we will see some fluctuation or variation in our quarterly results based on the timing of project delivery, and also the impact of normal seasonality in our transit business due to the European slowdown in the summer months.  And just a reminder, our share count will change again in the second quarter, the first full quarter we will own GE Transportation. The second quarter share count will be about 193 million shares compared to about 121 million in the first quarter. So taking this into account, I'd like to emphasize that today, we're affirming -- we affirmed our guidance for sales for adjusted income from operations. Adjusted EPS and adjusted EBITDA, which shows that our business is performing up to expectations. So, looking at the income statement. Sales for the first quarter were $1.59 billion. The adjusted sales would be $1.64 billion. That's excluding -- the GAAP numbers exclude the effects of accounting policy of harmonization. Our Freight segment sales increased 131% to $876 million. The increase is due to the GE Transportation merger, which added about $495 million and organic growth of about $9 million, offset by some small impact of FX.  As I've mentioned, the GE Transportation had a strong five weeks to finish the quarter. Quarterly run rate for the rest of the year will fluctuate based on the delivery schedules and other factors I've mentioned earlier. Transit segment sales increased 6% to $717 million, driven by a strong growth in our OEM sales. The increase was due to strong organic growth, adding about $77 million and acquisitions about $15 million, which more than offset the impact of negative FX of about $51 million. This is the fifth quarter in a row we've seen organic sales growth, which showed that our backlog is starting to kick-in. Just to comment on our legacy Wabtec business. Our first quarter sales were about $1.1 billion, about 4% higher than the year ago quarter. Switching to consolidated operating income. For the quarter, operating income was $67 million and adjusted operating income was $220 million or 13.4% of adjusted sales. Adjusted operating income excluded pre-tax expense of $153 million related to the merger with GE Transportation. Just to highlight those adjustments, we had $80 million for one-time non-cash purchase price accounting charges, $59 million for transaction and restructuring cost, $14 million for non-cash accounting policy of harmonization, and I'll just -- to help, I would reference the reconciliation table for all the details. In addition to these expenses, the company also had pre-tax expense of $20 million for non-cash recurring purchase accounting charges, which is not added back to the adjusted income from operation. So, looking at some of the more detail on the line items. Our SG&A was $260 million, including $59 million of the $153 million I mentioned above. We expect the adjusted numbers to be about $280 million per quarter going forward. Engineering expenses increased to $35 million on the face of the income statement due mainly to the addition of GE Transportation. Amortization expense of $29 million included $20 million of recurring PPA for the GE Transportation merger. Going forward, we expect amortization expense to be about $70 million per quarter. Looking again at just legacy Wabtec, adjusted income from operations was about $121 million, slightly lower than a year ago due to increase sales and lower margin in the Transit segment. Moving to our segments and the operating income on our segments. Our Freight operating income was $75 million and adjusted operating income was $175 million for an adjusted operating margin of 18.9%. Transit operating income was $59 million for an operating margin of 8.2%. That was impacted by some product mix items and certain discrete expenses that we recorded in the quarter. Compared to the year ago quarter, we've had a significant sales increase from lower margin OE projects about 22% higher and a slight decrease in aftermarket revenues, about decline of about 5%. This mix shift accounted for the majority of the margin decrease. We expect the margin to improve during the year as we continue with our restructuring and cost reduction initiatives. For the full year of 2019, we expect adjusted operating margin improvements from both segments compared to last year. These improvements will come through better project performance, a better mix of sales and the benefits of restructuring and cost reduction programs. We have also included net synergy benefits of about $20 million in our adjusted guidance for the year. I want to emphasize that the quarterly results can fluctuate due to product mix and other factors, which is why we don't guide to quarterly segment margins. Interest expense. Net interest expense for the quarter was $45 million due to higher debt balance after the GE Transportation merger. Adjusted interest expense was $30 million to reflect the timing of the merger. If you recall, we have borrowed the money several months earlier than we actually closed the transaction. Going forward, we expect interest expense to be about $55 million per quarter. Remember that we are focused on generating cash to reduce the debt, and therefore, the interest expense. Other expense was $8 million due to certain losses of the re-measurement of foreign currency denominated contracts. Income tax expense was $19 million. Excluding the net tax benefit from transaction cost from the GE Transportation merger, adjusted income tax expense was $41 million for an adjusted effective rate of about 23%. Just to recap. A lot of that information for the -- on earnings per share basis. The Q1 EPS, we had a loss per diluted share of $0.04 and adjusted earnings per share of $1.06. To reconcile that first quarter EPS, you can find the details in our press release. But just to reiterate, GAAP was a negative $0.04, add back of one-time non-cash PPA, that's a positive $0.46, add back the cost of the current transaction and other restructuring costs, that's about $0.42, add back the impact of changing accounting policy, that's $0.08, add back a tax benefit, that's $0.14, and that gives us an adjusted EPS of about $1.06. In addition to the expenses noted above, the company also has after tax expense of $0.12 per diluted share for non-cash recurring purchase price accounting charges, but we do not add that back to the adjusted EPS. EBITDA, which we define as income from operations plus depreciation and amortization, was $123 million, and adjusted EBITDA was $276 million. Adjusted EBITDA excluded the pre-tax expenses of $153 million related to the GE Transportation merger that I had discussed earlier. Moving to the balance sheet. I just want to point out again that we believe that our -- it provides the financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We have an investment grade rating and our goal is to maintain it. In the quarter, we generated $31 million of cash from operations, mainly due to improved working capital. I'd also like to point out that cash from operations was reduced by about $50 million of cash transaction cost for the merger. Excluding those costs, our cash from ops would have been about $81 million. Working capital at March 31, our receivables were about $1.7 billion. Inventories were about $1.9 billion, accounts payables were about $1.2 billion. Receivables included unbilled receivables of $456 million, which were more than offset by customer deposits of about $573 million. At March 31, we had about $513 million in cash and total debt of about $496 billion, with a net debt-to-EBITDA of about 3. By the year-end, we are targeting a net debt-to-EBITDA of about 2.5 times. Just some miscellaneous items and covering our backlog. Our depreciation was $27 million versus $18 million in the year-ago quarter, increased due to the merger. For the full year of 2019, we expect it to be about $175 million. Amortization, $29 million in the quarter compared to $10 million in last year's quarter, the increase also due to the merger. For the full year of 2019, we expect it to be about $225 million or about $70 million in the quarter. Our CapEx, about $30 million in the quarter, compared to $17 million a year ago, increased again due to the merger. We expect to spend about $200 million in 200  in 2019. Our backlog impacted obviously by the merger at March 31, our multi-year backlog was $23 billion and our rolling 12-month backlog, which is obviously a subset of that multi-year backlog, was $6.1 billion. GE Transportation added about $19 billion to that total backlog number. So looking to our 2019 guidance. Based on our first quarter performance and our current backlog and our assessment of the conditions in our key markets, today, we affirmed our full year guidance for revenues and adjusted earnings per diluted share. Our guidance is for sales to be about $8.4 billion, adjusted EBITDA of about $1.6 billion, adjusted income from operations of about $1.2 billion and adjusted earnings per diluted share between $4 and $4.20. For the year, we expect GAAP cash flow from operations to be between $500 million and $600 million, impacted by about $300 million related to the GE Transportation merger. Excluding all of our costs related to restructuring, one-time purchase price accounting and non-cash accounting policy harmonization, our adjusted operating margin for the full year is about 14%, and our effective tax rate for the full year is expected to be about 24%. For the full year, we expect adjusted cash flow from operations to exceed our adjusted net income. I'd also like to point out that our adjusted guidance includes after-tax expense of about $0.80 per diluted share for non-cash recurring purchase price accounting charges. In other words, we are not adding back the recurring purchase price accounting to -- for our adjusted EPS guidance. If you do that, I'd just also point out that our adjusted operating margin would be about 16% for the year. Regarding Q2, couple of things that need to be highlighted compared to our first quarter results. We expect our second quarter sales, our second quarter adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA to be higher than the first quarter, with adjusted earnings per diluted share expected to be lower, due to the fully diluted share count increasing to about 193 million, as a result of the merger. Based on the expected timing of project deliveries, we also expect that our product mix and adjusted earnings per diluted share to improve during the rest of the year. So with that, I'd like to turn it over back to Ray.
Ray Betler: Thanks, Pat. Before I ask Rafael to talk about the Freight business, I'd like to briefly discuss our Transit business and reiterate the strategic rationale for our merger with GE Transportation. In Transit, we have a very strong backlog that started to kick in, as you can see from our numbers in sales growth. We have not, however, started to see the margin improvement that we're targeting, due to a less favorable product mix and higher project costs. We're taking actions to continue to improve on our profitability and our goal is still the same, to drive Transit margins higher by 1% annually, due to our -- during our sharp period, and we expect to achieve this goal by applying a more rigorous upfront bidding process, improve project management, improve cost structure from ongoing new restructuring initiatives and transfer our work to lower-cost countries. Through a new discipline, deployment of lean and sourcing initiatives that we can leverage, the GE experience now, in addition to our own. And in addition, as OEM projects begin to result in aftermarket revenues from these projects, we'll see a better mix of aftermarket versus OEM, which will improve our margins significantly. Leading these efforts will be a new President of our Transit business, Lilian Leroux. Lilian joined Wabtec with our acquisition of Faiveley Transport. About 20 years experience he has in the transit industry, and he's accepted this challenge with enthusiasm and is developing an action plan to take steps towards accomplishing these objectives. Just to pause here to give you a little background on Lilian. He's been in the industry about 20 years, as I've said. He has an engineering degree in France and he has a graduate degree from NCI. Lilian worked for customers like SNCF early in his career. He's worked on multiple continents and he also is fluent in multiple languages and has an extremely good grasp of the industry and of our business and have tremendous confidence in his ability to lead and improve the overall operating performance at the Transit business. Worldwide, the state of the Transit market remains strong, and we continue to bid on and win significant orders in all of our major markets. We've won significant door contracts on high-speed trains, in excess of $20 million in Europe. We've won door contracts on metros in China and Taiwan, in excess of $10 million, great contracts on metros in Canada and India, in excess of $15 million, great contracts on coaches in excess of $50 million in India and Canada, and on locomotives, in excess of $30 million in India and Canada. So you can see that we're winning good orders, diverse technologies, diverse geographical areas across the globe. Multiple aftermarket service contracts, including anti-fire systems in Italy and maintenance contracts for our equipment in Asia. We were also either awarded or signed train control contracts in the Transit agencies in North America that are associated with that PTC technology, the latest of which is in New Mexico, in excess of $50 million. And for the full year, we expect the book-to-bill up grater than one, and remember that our OEM orders typically lead to long-term aftermarket contracts with good profitability of 30 to 40 years. So as a true global player over time, our Transit business should have better visibility and stability, more growth opportunities, both organically and through acquisitions and improve margins as we benefit from increased scale and market share and as of those aftermarket revenues increase. Let me talk for a minute about the strategic rationale of GE Transportation. As you know, I've been calling this a once in a lifetime opportunity, and I truly believe that that's what it is. We're excited by both the short-term and long-term opportunities it creates. We just shared with you some of the benefits in the short-term already in Q1. We have combined Wabtec's Freight and Transit components with GE Transportation's locomotive manufacturing and service capabilities. We've combined electronics and digital product portfolios that are unmatched in the industry. Based on our integration and synergy planning initiatives, so far, we're seeing strong cultural fit, which is enabling a seamless combination of our business. Wabtec is now a member of the S&P 500, and we're global transportation leader in rail equipment, software and services, with operations in more than 50 countries around the world. We have validated as Al said our operating synergies, which will drive value creation. We estimate about $250 million of run rate synergies by year four, mainly through cost reductions. Our combined electronics and digital technologies can lead to fully automated operations in the Class 1 network, for instance. Wabtec is positioned to meet the growing demand for train intelligence and network optimization, given the increased electronic scope of our business with GET, and we do not plan to disclose from this point forward individual revenue segmentation on BTC, we'll report on the total electronics basis from this time forward given our new combined portfolio. We will benefit from a recurring revenue in the high-margin aftermarket and services. Our complementary global customer relationships will drive substantial cross-selling opportunities and dampen cycles, and our pro forma financials are compelling, especially at this attractive point in the cycle. We expect to have significant scale, a rapid growth trajectory, superior margins and strong free cash flow. We have a strong free cash flow profile to enable rapid deleveraging. We remain committed to retaining our investment grade rating and our dividend. And with that, Rafael will address the Freight segment.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Ray. Let's talk about overall Freight markets. I'll say, overall, mixed market conditions. In North America Freight, rail traffic's down about 1% year-to-date, with most of the railroads really citing bad weather as a factor. Rolling stock and storages increased during the quarter, partially due to lower volumes, and partially due to our railroads implementing PSR, which I'll talk to you more about it in a couple minutes. On the other side, I'd say, we're seeing good activities in some critical and key international rail markets. I'd say we are well-positioned to really take advantage of this and really working on some critical opportunities. In Southeast Asia, in Brazil, in Africa, and I think it's worth mentioning that, of our current top line of prospects, about two-thirds are coming from international opportunities. So considering all of this, I'd say our Freight business performed about as expected in the first quarter, with locomotive deliveries maybe a bit stronger than expected. In India, I think we are on pace to really significantly increase deliveries this year. This is a 10-year 1,000 locomotive unit order. And during the first quarter this year, we delivered our first AC6000 units. That was built in our new India facility. Deliveries of locomotives  locomotive modernizations and mining wheels are on pace for what I'll call double-digit percentage increases for 2019.  The Freight car market is tracking towards 52,000 to 55,000 deliveries this year. It's about in line with the expectations. The industry backlog did decline during the first quarter. During the quarter, we also had strong water intake in our waste side and our track products business portfolio, indicating really continued capital spending by the railroads. Our engine coiling group maintained a strong backlog and they also saw strong intake in power generation products business. With that, let me talk a bit about PSR, which is really a topic on a lot of the minds. I'd probably just start with making railroads more competitive is a good thing for us. And in the long run, it really leads to growth in the business. We believe our business model of being both a technology and service provider is very much aligned with what railroads are trying to accomplish. As a result of PSR, we're seeing railway railroads very focused on efficiency, costs, getting the most out of their existing equipment, their fleets. Wabtec has both a strong service and technology offering, to really help support that. We're currently working close with customers to both improve performance, reliability and efficiency of their fleets. I think the locomotive modernization program's is a great example of that. I think I've mentioned, in addition to our backlog of about 2,000 new locomotives, we have a backlog of about 900 modernizations, and we expect to deliver a few hundred mods this year, and that's compared to just maybe dozens a few years ago. Of our global install base, 23,000 locomotives, we've got about 70% really covered by long-term service agreements. Running locomotives is a fleet harder, does create also additional aftermarket opportunities for us. On our automation suite of products, we're really geared here towards improving on-time performance of trains, increasing efficiency, improving safety. And as railroad seeks to optimize their assets, our portfolio of digital solutions can really create a greater fuel efficiency. That's what we see with product such as Trip Optimizer, which drives skill savings by 7% to 13%. So in North America, railroads for a time might be buying fewer new locomotives. We do have the opportunity here to continue to work on really tackling large fleets to be modernized, and we have a significant pull of fleet that we can attack there investing in technology, to really help achieve these PSR efficiency goals. So we feel we're well-positioned to respond to these opportunities. Finally, I'd like to point out that we're well-positioned in the key international freight corridors around the world. We feel good about the opportunities that are out there. And with that, I'll hand it back to Ray.
Ray Betler: Thanks Rafael. I'd like to conclude our prepared remarks by reiterating some of the comments I made at the beginning of the call. We reported good performance this quarter. We're on track to our guidance for the year, and that means we're off to good start with the integration of Wabtec and GE Transportation after completing our merger in late February. We have validated both strategic rationale for the merger as well as our plan to deliver $250 million of operating synergies by year four. We're excited that Rafael has been chosen by the Board to lead this corporation into a new era of growth and performance, and we believe this transition comes at a time of strength, and Wabtec, given our diverse portfolio, our excellent management team and our strong backlog and balance sheet. So, with that, we'll open to questions that you have, and Tim will facilitate.
Tim Wesley: Go ahead, Nancy, if you want to pool for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Matt Elkott from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Question -- first, congratulations to Ray and Tim on the planned retirement and to Kristine and Rafael on their new roles. My first question, Rafael, and sorry if this question is a bit too early, but can you maybe talk about your key priorities, focus areas in the new roles, both immediate and long-term, more strategically?
Rafael Santana: Absolutely. Well, first of all, I'm very humbled by the opportunity. There's certainly a lot to learn. I'll probably highlight three areas here. First and foremost, on the execution. We have plans laid out for, what I'll call, our former businesses, and we're really laser-focused on making sure that we execute for both cash and for our EPS numbers for the year. On the second piece, it really comes down to, what I'll call, continuous margin improvement. I think here we've got a couple opportunities. So, one of them is we really started to the integration that's by a lot of great opportunities on synergies, and we see that as an opportunity to continue to drive competitiveness out of the business. And we do have opportunities with some specific business units on really driving and turning around some of the margin results. I think the third piece is, of course, growing the business. I think there's an element of organic, which we are very committed to our programs in technology. I would highlight to you the aspect of automation, which I think we've been very clear about it, but there's also really a pillar around management that speaks to bringing efficiency, a full improved hybrid is a big program for us. And as part of that, we'll also continue to be looking to inorganic opportunities in an opportunistic way. We are going to be starting a lot of I'll call strategic planning and we'll be coming to you with more specifics as we progress.
Matt Elkott: That's very helpful, Rafael. Speaking of strategic planning, when should we expect maybe a multiyear guidance for the combined company? And will you be -- what kind of segment reporting will you be doing and when should we expect that to kick-in?
Rafael Santana: We'll be developing that through the year, and we'll be back to you with more specifics here.
Matt Elkott: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: I'll echo Matt's commentaries, best wishes, Ray and Tim, and congrats for Rafael and Kristine. First, can we just delve into some of the commentary on Q2 in terms of the mix. Is that more transit related, Ray, you were talking about the OEM shift or is it freight as well? Just trying to understand a little bit more.
Ray Betler: As far as the mix goes, our growth is coming from both sides. The mix within the transit side is greater OEM contracts that are coming out of the backlog. In terms of future longer term mix, I was talking about the aftermarket opportunities that come with that, but in the short-term, it's more OEM.
Pat Dugan: Just to help a little bit, we definitely had more OE sales in Q1 in the transit versus aftermarket. That's what we -- we highlighted that in the overview of the year -- first quarter results and when we talk about the transit market.
Allison Poliniak: But is that sort of moving into Q2 as well? Is that what we should be thinking of? Just the commentary in the Q2, I think that highlighted mix is an issue as well?
Pat Dugan: There was actually two issues, there was mix and then there was a couple other items that impacted the quarter -- margin in the quarter. We expect that, going forward, that we're going to come back to better margins and -- but there will be some variation related to the timing of OE projects versus aftermarket projects, but we look at this margin as improving items throughout the year.
Ray Betler: But to answer directly to your question on the second quarter, it's in both segments, Allison, both freight and transit.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then Rafael, you highlighted PSR and the interest around increasing efficiencies in the network. It really obviously very slow technology. Have you noted that because of the focus on PSR and urgency and elevated interest now on the technology side? Are they looking to gain these efficiencies going forward?
Rafael Santana: I think it's been continuous efforts and continuous work between ourselves and our customers. When I mentioned the modernization programs, I think it's important for me to highlight, you've got at least a group of, what I'd call, 6,000 locomotives, which are DC technologies that are out there. I'd say that they have been fairly successful in really converting some of those suites into AC, which really allows the railroads to do what used to be done with three locomotives with two locomotives. So, that's a big part of our program. The auto piece is really updating some of the control systems that you might have there, and that allows you to participate -- what I'll call, more software and more tools, to enable better fuel efficiencies. So, I think there's been a continuum and I think we've got a lot of those tools to help drive efficiency and productivity here through PSR.
Allison Poliniak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saree Boroditsky from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Good morning and congratulations to everyone on new roles and retirement. I appreciate the additional color on cash generation this year. Could you just help us understand the details behind this forecast, including any working capital, cash tax assumptions and the timing of the $300 million in merger related expenses?
Pat Dugan: So the $300 million is really, you have restructuring cost, you have purchase price accounting. And all of that is impacting the cash flow in the year. So when we -- what we did today was affirm and maybe even slightly improve our guidance on cash flow. And if you want to think of it, you think that $300 million in terms of cash flow and include it and added back, you would end up with a result that I think you can use to model in an adjusted -- in your adjusted rule. In terms of the balance sheet, I mean, I think we're still working through the combination, and we've -- but we've done really, I think, an excellent job of addressing some of the supply chain, financing factoring type items in the first quarter. I think that that has derisked our guidance a little bit in terms of cash flow. So we're -- we feel good about that. But it's still very early, we're only five weeks into this combination, and I think we wanted to make sure that we got cash guidance out there that was conservative, achievable and that you could use.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you. That was helpful. And then my second question, GE Transportation had, obviously, really great sales performance in the quarter. Could you just give us any color on the timing of the deliveries for the remainder of the year?
Pat Dugan: I'm sorry, I'm trying to understand your question. So in the five weeks?
Saree Boroditsky: The locomotive, how many  like what was the locomotive deliveries this quarter and maybe the timing for the remainder of the year, the cadence?
Pat Dugan: So, well we're not going to break down the specific numbers of locomotive deliveries, but what I'll reiterate here is, as you look into the numbers we have last year, we're looking at double-digit growth into, what I'll call, core segments. That includes new locomotive shipments that includes some modernizations that includes mining wheels as well.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay, appreciate. That was helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Long from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks, good morning. And I know there's a lot of transitions, so congrats all around as well, and for Ray and Tim, it's been a pleasure working with you both over the years. Maybe just to start with a question, a follow-up on locomotive deliveries. Rafael, you mentioned, I think, two-thirds of the pipeline being international related versus North America. Could you talk about your mix of locomotive deliveries this year between North America and in international? And when you look at delivery going at the kind of 2020 and beyond, how you see that progressing?
Pat Dugan: Well, first of all, as I look into the year for new locomotives, we're well north of, call it, 95%, so the backlog to be delivered for this year. I think we continue to build on the good dynamics. For next year, we're not providing any guidance at this point. But I think if you go back to the vision, we settled on really more than doubling the mode of deliveries by 2021. I think, we're well into that, even as you see significant step coming off of that. I'd say this year, it's probably more balanced between North America and international. But as we look ahead, I think there's probably greater opportunities internationally.
Justin Long: Okay, that's helpful. And Rafael gave some good color on PSR and your view that it will be a long-term positive. But I wanted to ask about this year, and some of the assumptions that you're making for the Freight segment in North America. Are you baking in any headwind from PSR and the North American order environment that seems to be slowing down recently? Just curious if that's factored into your guidance for the aftermarket or even deliveries as you think about the tail end of this year?
Rafael Santana: It certainly in for this year, so we have taken that into consideration. Keep in mind, last year was a trough year for us with only 272 locomotives being delivered. And we have really a strong backlog to be able to really deliver on the guidance we have provided.
Justin Long: Okay, great. Ill leave at that. Thanks for the time.
Pat Dugan: Thanks.
Rafael Santana: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Brooklier from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier: Hey, thanks good morning and congratulations to everyone. So, kind of a nuanced question, but the $20 million of targeted synergies we achieved this year, when -- from a timing perspective, when is that $20 million going to be realized?
Al Neupaver: Yes, this is Al speaking. I'm actually working pretty closely on the whole integration process, and we've already have seen some of those, because there was some quick changes that we would have made on a HR-basis. But what you should see, is it should start building up as the year goes on. We're also seeing a lot more cost at first in order to obtain those synergies. What we, right now, have modeled is that we may spend close to $50 million to obtain that $20 million this year. And those will be one-time cost. And we'll see it ramp up over the next three years in a similar fashion.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, that's helpful. And then Rafael, you talked about international being a bigger percentage of the GE Transportation's locomotive business across the board, could you think and look five years out and talk about regions of the world where you see the greatest opportunity for incremental demand on the locomotive side? I think you did talk to some countries that you're currently in, but are there countries that you want to get into? And where do you think that the most robust demand potentially originates over the next, let's call it, five years in different parts of the world?
Rafael Santana: Well, a couple points. Number one, it's tough to speculate on really how projects will materialize over the next five years. But what I'm really excited about is, we have established what I'll call significant footprint, and what I'll call all key rail Freight markets. And that speaks to countries like Brazil, Kazakhstan, India, South Africa, and those really have become platforms for us, where we have scalability, where we've been able to work on locally, where we've really grown significantly our share over time. Ultimately, they have become falls that have translated into having a more competitive business, and we're utilizing those platforms to actually export into other countries. So I think we're really excited about that and we'll continue to make use of that.
Matt Brooklier: That's great. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Baudendistel from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mike Baudendistel: Thank you, Just wanted to ask you to sort of the put the PSR into context. Is there some way to quantify or give us a percentage of how much of your revenue is specifically tied to a newly built locomotives, newly built railcars, just trying to gauge the impact there?
Rafael Santana: So let me give you a reference on the following. If I look at the guidance we've provided to you for 2019, I'd say the revenues coming from new locomotives for this year will be probably around 15% of the total revenues for the company.
Mike Baudendistel: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then just want to ask you on the cash from operations guidance you adjusted the 100 million. Is there any reason to think if results would be similar in 2020 that would be any higher or lower from changes in working capital or other things?
Patrick Dugan: Yes. I think we had this discussion. We don't give guidance for next year, but I think your point is that there is a lot of things happening in year one of this combination and it does have an impact on the cash flow, but so we can see cash from operations will be strong in the future years and I'll leave it at that, really. Yes, I mean, I've had this conversation with a lot of people, a lot of questions. I mean, the EBITDA is strong in kind of a normal year with our expected working capital performance that we would end up with cash from operations would be higher.
Mike Baudendistel: Got it. And then I just wanted to ask you, you use to talk about -- before the merger, the 12 months backlog, about 57% of the revenue just wouldn't go in there because it was you had a lead time of less than 30 days, is there an update to that number?
Patrick Dugan: No, I don't think we have an update to that number yet, Mike.
Mike Baudendistel: Okay. That's all for me. Thank you. Congrats to everyone.
Patrick Dugan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hi, good morning everyone. Thinking about your comments on backlog mix of new locomotives versus modification, how should we think about average revenue for a new build versus a mod?
Patrick Dugan: I'm going to give you really a wide range, because it's really across-the-board. But I'd probably say, while new locomotive might be going anywhere from call it, $3 million to $4 million, you'll have an average ticket item that's about one-third to half of that for mods.
Steve Barger: That's great. Thank you. And margin profile as a mod higher or lower?
Patrick Dugan: We do not comment on specific margins on those segments.
Steve Barger: Okay. Just given some of the uncertainty around timing of when railroads might acquire equipment, because of PSR or anything else. With more technology getting installed in the fleet, are you getting a better look at utilization rates for the installed base to help you forecast demand?
Patrick Dugan: So we work very closely with the railroads in the day-to-day of their operations. And I'd say it's really a part of the value that we bring gives really just productivity tools to improve efficiency and productivity, availability. And that's really part of our day-to-day. We monitor closely of fleets there been parts. We monitor closely all the aspects of opportunities to potentially extend the life of certain assets or modernize some assets so you can potentially look at last assets operating. So that's really part of our day-to-day.
Steve Barger: And can you tell us how the change in the utilization rate for the fleet has evolved over the year, just given where traffic level are?
Patrick Dugan: I'd say we're seeing -- I mean, as you look into PSR being implemented, that's certainly growing, I'll call it, deficiency in terms of number of cars being pulled by locomotives. It's a little bit different to railroad by railroads. And I would be -- I'd say, difficult to give you a specific data on each one. It really varies based on the model that's being utilized.
Steve Barger: But in general, you would say it's improving, right?
Patrick Dugan: Yes, it's improving, for sure.
Steve Barger: The inflation rate is improving?
Patrick Dugan: Yes.
Steve Barger: Okay. And just one last one. What were core Freight margins in the quarter ex the five weeks of the GE inclusion?
Patrick Dugan: Sorry, say that again -- the question again?
Steve Barger: The legacy Wabtec Freight margin, ex-GE for the five weeks?
Patrick Dugan: It was about 18.
Steve Barger: About 18. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for any closing remarks.
Tim Wesley: Okay, thanks, everybody. We will talk to you over the next weeks and months. Have a good day. Bye-bye.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Timothy Wesley: Thank you, Sean. Good morning everybody. And it is a good morning. It's -- the sun is shining here in Wilmerding. Welcome to Wabtec's investor call. We're going to discuss a lot this morning: Our 2018 fourth quarter and full year results; the guidance for 2019; and of course, the closing of our transaction with GE Transportation. Along with our press release, we've also provided slides for our presentation this morning. You can find those on our website at www.wabtec.com. Go to the Investor Relations tab, click on the link for the February 25 Investor Presentation. And as Sean mentioned, of course, following our remarks, we will do a Q&A session. We do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If we can't get to everyone's questions in the allotted time, we will be reaching out following the call. And again as a reminder, the call is being recorded for replay purposes. We will make forward-looking statements during the call, so I would just ask that you review today's press release and slide one of the presentation for the appropriate disclaimers. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and performance measures. I encourage you to read the bottom of Slide 1 before considering those metrics. With that, if you would turn to slide two, I'm going to introduce you to the others who are here with me in Wilmerding and will be presenting during the prepared remarks this morning. Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman; our President and CEO, Ray Betler; our CFO, Pat Dugan; and Rafael Santana, President and CEO of our Freight segment. Also here is John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. With that, let me turn the call over to Al for some comments and an overview of our agenda this morning. Al?
Albert Neupaver: Okay. Thanks Tim and good morning everyone, Today is a very, very important day for the new Wabtec. We started this process well over a year ago. And before we get into the presentation, I want to take this time to really acknowledge and thank the entire team for all their hard work and dedication to get to this point. And I especially want to identify the people in this room who we just introduced, as well as Dave DeNinno, our General Counsel, that has spent endless hours trying to get us to where we're at today. So, we're really excited about the opportunity, but it didn't get here without a tremendous amount of effort and work by a great team. Today, we are even more convinced in the strategic logic and the value of this transaction. The combination of our uniquely complementary capabilities creates new opportunities for growth well into the future. We have the ability to advance technologies to improve the safety, the efficiencies, and the productivity of both the freight and transit industries. We'll be better positioned to reform through the business cycle with expanded margins and expected double-digits earnings growth, supported by a run rate of synergies of $250 million by the fourth year of this combination. Overall, we couldn't be more excited about the future of Wabtec. As you could see, on slide two, Ray and Rafael will discuss in more detail the new Wabtec and our future plans. Pat will follow-up and provide a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2018 performance, followed by our 2019 outlook. I now turn it over to Ray Betler, our President and CEO.
Raymond Betler: Okay. Thank you, Al. So, folks, we're really excited and happy to be here at this point today to finally be completing this merger so that we can focus on the future. The merger brings together two companies with rich heritages in many areas; engineering, manufacturing, technology innovation, and over 40 -- 400 years of combined experience within this industry. It brings together a corporation that will be a diversified global leader that's ideally positioned to address the opportunities/needs of the future in transportation worldwide. Our company will be a Fortune 500 company with business operations in over 50 countries around the world. We'll be listed on the S&P 500 Index. So if you look at page four, you can see the complementarity of the companies. The companies have both demonstrated historically strong financial performance. Wabtec has a comprehensive technology-based portfolio that leads in many sectors of the market in which we operate; freight car products, locomotive electronics, brakes, heat exchangers and so on. We also have a very strong market share position worldwide in transit. We have a successful track record financially and a diversified revenue base with extremely strong aftermarket positions in our core businesses. And as you know, we have a leadership position in positive train control, and finally, a very strong backlog across our total business. GE Transportation is also a leader in their market segment. They bring into this merger a leadership position in freight rail technology. They're a diversified engineering company just like us. They have state-of-the-art diesel freight locomotives globally. They've demonstrated strong financial performance with robust aftermarket business and they diversified electronics digital portfolio with a demonstrated history in innovation. It's important to note here that our combined business will have over 60% aftermarket and we will have about 55% of our business internationally. So, we really are well-positioned for the future. If you turn to page five, we can talk a little bit about the strategic rationale and benefits of this merger for our shareholders. Our existing shareholders of Wabtec will now own 50.8% of the combined entity. GE and its shareholders will receive 49.2% of Wabtec shares. So, GE will receive 24.9% ownership, and its shareholders directly will own 24.3% at the time of closing. Wabtec, under the final agreement, will issue 3.3 million shares fewer than at the time of the announcement earlier this year and GE will receive $2.9 billion in cash. As you can see from the table in the middle of slide five, GE will complete the sale of their ownership by the end of year three. Our company will be called Wabtec. We'll be headquartered in Pittsburgh. I will remain President, CEO of the combined company and in the Interim, President and CEO of our Worldwide Transit Group. I've spent 41 years of my career in transit and joined Wabtec, as you know, in 2008, when I headed up the Transit Group. So, I know that part of our business and our customers very well as the freight part of our business. Rafael Santana will be the new President and CEO of the Freight segment. Rafael has worked now for about 30 years of his life. He's been with GE for almost two decades. He's been with GE Transportation for a decade and has been in executive management for a dozen years. So, Rafael is a very strong executive with international experience and capability and he brings with him an extremely strong expert team in his management team. We also are fortunate to continue to have Al remain as our Executive Chairman. While Al didn't mention it in the introductory comments, he led this overall negotiation and ultimate merger process, along with Pat and Dave and other senior members of our Executive team. If you go to page six, you'll see, as we explained in May, that the strategic rationale and the financial logic for this deal are quite impressive. Our belief in the -- has only increased since we announced in May and we want to reiterate a few of those points. From a strategic perspective, we are more diverse in global business than we were prior to this merger, both companies are. We have significantly enhanced our overall electronic and digital portfolio. And we are well-positioned to approach our customers to continue to support them in terms of increasing their ability to improve their safety, productivity and efficiency. We also believe we're well-positioned to leverage our collective position in the overall PTC business to start to grow a phased approach toward full automation in the rail industry. Financially, we have very strong portfolios and are targeting a synergy run rate of $250 million, with significant tax benefits and expect to generate strong free cash flow that will enable us to delever our company and to maintain our dividend in investment-grade rating. We continue to view this as a highly attractive opportunity because of where both companies are in the cycle. We're both experiencing tailwinds on the freight locomotive side of our business. So, there's a lot of reasons for why we brought this organization together under this merger. And we have 150-year history we're celebrating this year. And we strongly believe that there's a great opportunity for every employee in this company to enjoy an equal opportunity for another 150 years in the future. So, with that, I want to turn it over to Rafael to make some detailed comments about the Freight segment.
Rafael Santana: Thank you, Ray and good morning. The GE Transportation team and I are incredibly excited to be part of Wabtec and the start this new chapter. I'm very proud to be leading the Freight segment, which is really the combination of the former GE Transportation business with the Wabtec Freight business. As a leading OEM, we're not just the largest global producer of digital electric locomotives, but we also produce components for freight cars, railroad track, or signal products. And in addition, we manufacture propulsion systems for mining, a range of engines and electric motors utilized both in marine and in drilling. If you turn to slide seven, you can see we have a large install base with approximately 23,000 locomotives, which provides long-term revenue opportunities for our services and digital segments. Our services segment maintains and modernize fleets at various stages through the life of these assets. The combination of reliable, available, and fuel-efficient products really places a high value on the maintenance and the overall services that we provide to our customers, generating recurring revenue opportunities. We also have significant contractual coverage of our fleets, with the majority of locomotives covered under long-term contracts. Today, approximately 70% of our install base are under long-term service contracts, which is roughly two-thirds of our backlog. This fleet will continue to be used and is a strong foundation for the growth of our business. Our fleet is relatively young with an average age of 10 years. This is a competitive advantage and we are strongly positioned to drive a better total cost of ownership yield for our customers. This drives better performance, better reliability, and better fuel efficiency. We have approximately 11,000 units that are upgrade opportunities with an average of 10 to 20 years in service. We finished 2018 with a strong backlog for upgrades that will deliver a significant outcome for our customers. As for the bottom of the page, we are in an attractive point in the cycle. While the new locomotive deliveries have always been cyclical, we're coming out of the trough. We had a strong orders performance in 2018. And we ended the year with a total backlog of approximately $19 billion. Again, this supports our volume growth in the coming years. But hey, our freight business also produces a number of solutions for automation combining the Wabtec electronics business with the legacy GE Transportation digital business. This is a significant part of our business and it includes some of the most impactful solutions that optimize performance, increase operational savings, and improve safety. If you turn to slide eight, you'll see that Wabtec's uniquely positioned to put railroads on a path to advanced automation and to really meet the rapidly growing demand for improved rail performance. Automation will have the single biggest impact for railroad productivity in the next decade. This has the potential to unlock significant annual savings across freight rail for customers and operators. We're seeing an increasing demand for our combined portfolio of products and services. And we share a commitment to innovation that will ensure that we continue to meet the growing need. With that, Ray Betler will share with you some more details with you in our integration.
Raymond Betler: Okay. So, folks, you can see why I'm excited because this guy is a superstar and we're certainly excited to have Rafael in our executive management team. So, if you move to slide nine, you can see that we're making good progress on our synergy plan. We committed to $250 million of run rate synergies by 2022. And since we announced in May, our executive team, under the leadership of Al and his steering committee that included Al, Rafael, myself, have been meeting with senior members of our management team and functional leaders to focus on specific work streams or process streams within our organization. In addition, we had external candidates to add rigor to the process in terms of tracking, in terms of monitoring progress, as well as talent evaluation. We're able to actively review our progress and actions on a monthly basis, and we have regular integration and steering team meetings to do that. If you look at the five areas, the synergies that we've focused on were focused on opportunities in sourcing. We think there's tremendous opportunities in both direct and indirect spend. In SG&A, opportunities for reductions in cost in shared services as well as corporate cost, we mentioned in TSAs that are in place with GE Corp. that we will manage to eliminate as quickly as possible and to in-source those support services. IT is one of those services that's an area of great opportunity as we rationalize our systems and our networks. We have consolidation opportunities for our facilities, both in terms of office consolidation as well as factory consolidation worldwide. And finally, we have good revenue synergies that we believe exists, not only in the electronics area, but across the locomotive market. We talked about in-sourcing opportunities previously that will be associated with the components and subsystems that Wabtec has within our portfolio that can be sold into and integrated into complete locomotives. And we also have opportunities within our aftermarket business to combine aftermarket service and support into some of the MSAs that exist in the current GE portfolio. And with that, I want to turn it over to Pat Dugan, our CFO.
Patrick Dugan: Thanks Ray. So, I want to take the opportunity now to just talk about the Wabtec Q4 and then we'll move on to guidance for 2019. So, when you look at our Q4, we had a strong end to the year with sales of about $1.1 billion. That represents a 4% growth year-over-year, driven by organic sales growth, roughly $47 million and from acquisitions of about $28 million. That more than offsets the negative effect from changes in foreign currency exchange rate on the sales line of about $33 million. I want to emphasize at this point the -- our good performance related to cash from operations. On a GAAP basis, in the quarter, we generated about $277 million cash from operations; and for the year, $314 million, better than what we had guided to in Q3. So, why did we have this good performance? We had a focus on -- in reduction on receivables, on our inventories in the quarter as well as increased cash flow from our customers and better management of our payables and liabilities. I just want to make one final point on that -- on those numbers. The cash performance that I just talked about is on a GAAP basis. And if you look at some of the impact of the GE transaction cost and any restructuring activities, it was about a $50 million negative impact to our cash from operations for the year. For the full year, our sales were about $4.4 billion, which represents about a 12% growth year-over-year. And again, this increase was driven by organic sales growth of about $285 million and sales from acquisition of about $135 million, and a positive effect from the changes. So, while it was negative in the fourth quarter, overall for the year, had a positive impact from foreign currency exchange rates of about $62 million. Our earnings per share for the quarter on an adjusted basis was $0.97. Not excluded, or included in that $0.97 is about a $0.03 negative impact from foreign exchange. So, foreign exchange made the $0.97 worse than what we -- what would normally have been occurred. We reported earnings per share of $0.36. The adjustments or the impacts come from the GE acquisition and deal cost, certain discrete restructuring programs due to changing and consolidating of certain transit businesses and discrete pension, litigation, and tax charges. For 2018, full year adjusted EPS was $3.81 and our reported earnings per share was $3.05. Our income statement for Q4, just some of the normal disclosures that we would give in our call. For the quarter, the operating income was $93 million or 8.4% of sales, including transaction costs related to the GE Transportation merger, restructuring expenses of about $31 million and $9 million related to certain litigation and tax GST cost. Excluding those items, our operating margin was 12.6% and consistent with the full year adjusted operating margin. Other items that impacted our quarter, I talked about the FX item of about $5 million and certain discrete items related to operations. Our full year 2018 adjusted operating margin target is now about 13% and is slightly lower than our initial guidance due to tariffs, and then we continue to work through some of our lower margin contracts in the U.K. Our SG&A was $168 million. This increase is mainly due to the expense items I mentioned and from acquisitions. Engineering expense was $26 million. And amortization expense was about $10 million and both are consistent with our prior year periods. Interest expense for the quarter, $36 million in the fourth quarter. Absent the capital structure that we did put in place in the middle of the third quarter, late third quarter for the GE Transportation merger, our interest expense would have been about $14.5 million or $15 million lower. Other income and expense was less than $1 million -- actually, other income was less than $1 million, which is lower than previous periods, reflecting some costs that came through related to pension settlement charges and -- which were about $3 million. Our income tax expense. Our tax rate for the quarter was about 39%. A lot of different discrete items flowing through that number, but on an adjusted basis, it would have been 22.5%. When you look at our segments for the quarter, we had a good segment growth, with Freight revenue greater than -- growing 12% and Transit revenue growing greater than 13%. Our adjusted operating margins for the full year was 12.6%. Our restructuring initiatives in the U.K., North America and in several international operations impacting these results are expected to drive our margin expansion and cash generation into next year. Backlog for the year. Total backlog was a near-record high of $4.5 billion for Wabtec, with our 12-month backlog increasing 12% in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. We are pleased to report that our new recent new -- report that our recent new orders included all major product lines in all key geographies. And as we look ahead, we see favorable market trends heading into 2019, with freight traffic volumes growing and transit spending increasing. Okay. To talk to 2019, I point you to page 13. And I just want to highlight some of the key assumptions for our 2019 plan. Assumptions include a global economic growth of about 2% to 3%, our FX at about current rate. We have assumed major tariffs in the current rate. We are assuming low-single-digit rail traffic growth in NAFTA. We're assuming about 10 months of the GE Transportation results in our adjusted guidance -- in our full guidance. We expect that global locomotive and freight car deliveries to be up versus 2018; transit car deliveries to be up versus 2018 for Wabtec and an effective tax rate of about 24%. Page 14, we've done a number of different comparisons to help you look at the numbers on an apples-to-apples or like-to-like basis. So, if you look at page 14, this is essentially a pro forma view as if Wabtec and GET were combined for the full 12 months without any of the top side adjustments that will come through related items, like purchase price accounting or accounting harmonization. This would be numbers that would be comparable to what we discussed in May and in our various regulatory filings throughout the interim period since May. We have about $9.2 billion in combined revenue and EBITDA of about $1.7 billion and income from operations of about $1.4 billion. Turning to the next page, which is page 15 of our deck. You would see that this is -- we have adjusted these numbers for what I would call recurring PPA and amortization. So, costs that will have impacts into the future periods reducing our income from operations by about $200 million -- yes, $0.2 billion. And then factoring in a combination of the partial year of the GET operations and some of the accounting eliminations that we would need to do for intercompany sales. We end up with a guidance of about $8.4 billion of revenue, EBITDA of about $1.6 billion, income from operations of about $1.2 billion. Using our fully diluted, weighted average shares outstanding of about 177 million shares gives us an earnings per share range that we're guiding everybody to of about $4 to $4.20. Moving to page 16, just some final adjustments to get you to what would be a comparable numbers on a GAAP basis. We take this adjusted guidance and we factor in our current estimates of transaction costs, the one-time purchase price accounting that would be associated with inventory and backlog and the accounting harmonization view of the impact on revenue recognition and some other costs that are incurred and we have differences on how they're capitalized and amortized. We end up with a revenue guidance of about $8.4 billion, EBITDA of about $1.3 million, income from operations of about $900 million. Our budget for both organization's about $200 million of capital spending for the year. And again, on that 177 million of outstanding shares, on a weighted average basis, we end up with a range of earnings per share, $3 to $3.20. I just want to take a moment and highlight that we have included various reconciliations and comparisons so that -- with a little more detail in case you want to dig in and review those schedules. So, to recap, on page 17. On a pro forma basis, on a like-to-like basis of 2018 to 2019, you see revenue increasing $8.3 billion to $9.2 billion, our adjusted EBITDA from $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion, with maintaining an EBITDA margin of roughly 18%. Income from operations increasing from $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion with a margin increase of about 100 basis points or 14% to 15%, and CapEx, steady $200 billion -- or $200 million, excuse me. $0.2 billion. Page 18, just an update on where we are in terms of debt and our leverage ratios. Clearly, these numbers are impacted by the partial year when you compare this sheet to previous estimates that we would have given you, but with the partial year and some of the own cash generation from Wabtec and reflecting the deal costs and the other costs that did incur for the second half of the year, we expected our debt at close, about $2 billion, adding $2.9 billion of transaction debt, for a total debt estimate of about $4.9 billion; net debt, about $4.8 billion, giving us a gross leverage ratio of 3.3 times. On an adjusted basis, pro forma basis, with a net leverage ratio of about 3.2. Our current estimates, with our cash flow, cash from operations goals; we expect to see this leverage to go from 3.3 at close to a 2.8 by the end of the calendar year of 2019. So, just a couple of points I want to emphasize with this cash flow. We expect to have a strong free cash flow profile. We expect to see this leverage ratio come down. Our financial policy remains the same. We are committed to our investment-grade ratings. We are committed to delever the company and that's a key part of the investment-grade rating. But we also will be investing in our growth strategy as we go forward. Again I'll point you to all the reconciliations later in the deck. And at this point, I'd like to turn it back over to Ray.
Raymond Betler: Thanks Pat. So, let me, one more time, tell you why we're so excited about this new combination and confident in our future. It truly is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for all of us. It's a milestone event in the history of rail transportation in the world. And if you look at the strategic rationale, the strength associated with this new combination start with our focus on technology and innovation. We'll be a very highly diversified engineering and product portfolio company. And we'll have products that can reach customers in 100 countries-plus all over the world. We'll have over 5,000 engineers of all different functional capabilities and backgrounds and disciplines to serve our customers in our product portfolio. One of the areas we believe is extremely strong is our position in electronics. And while were not a full-fledged signaling company, we are a very strong niche player in the areas that we do serve. And the beautiful thing about those areas, as I've explained before, is when we superimpose the product roadmap for automation that we have with which GE had, what we found was that the voids that existed in each were filled by the other company. So getting started on that opportunity in earnest is very exciting to us. We don't expect full automation to occur in a single step, but we do expect it to occur in a phased process, each phase representing an opportunity for us to generate high margin revenues. Some of those revenues will come in the aftermarket. The aftermarket opportunity in electronics and locomotives, in freight car, in transit are significant, and our position today is significant. It gives us a great foundation and platform to build on. And we think there's opportunities for us to leverage the complementarity of our existing positions in the aftermarket as well as the expertise that exists across the total corporation in Transit and Freight. We have a very strong pro forma financial profile, as Pat noted. And we're hitting this combination at a great time in the cycle. A year ago, we came out of the freight cycle, the downturn. And this year, the GE Transportation folks are experiencing the same in the locomotive side. And we have an extremely strong backlog to support the tailwinds that we believe exist in the market. Our opportunities to generate synergies are significant, they're worldwide and we've defined those as $250 million on a run rate basis with significant tax benefits that will drive value creation. And I honestly believe that as we explore in more detail our opportunities around the world, we'll find more opportunity through the creative and capable management team that we have in place. And finally, our cash flow profile. As Pat said, we had a really good fourth quarter. We believe that we'll be able to the build on that position, to continue to generate strong cash flow through 2019, which will allow us to further delever this company and eventually position us to look for new opportunities to invest. So, if you look across the business, if you knew the people that -- the way I do now after having the opportunity to start to become familiar with the management team on the GE side, having worked for over a decade with the management team on the Wabtec side, we're really putting together a powerful organization, proven leadership that is going to allow us to grow and to manage through the cycles across all of our businesses in the future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tim.
Timothy Wesley: Okay. Thanks Ray. So, Sean, you can go ahead and poll for questions. And again let me remind you that if you can limit yourself to one question and maybe one follow-up so that everybody has an opportunity, we would appreciate that. Go ahead Sean.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks. Good morning and congrats on closing the transaction.
Raymond Betler: Thanks Justin.
Justin Long: So maybe, Pat, we could start with a couple of questions on the guidance for you. I just want to clarify some things that would help us make a comparison -- an apples-to-apples comparisons of this guidance because there are a lot of moving pieces. So, on the adjusted EPS guidance of $4 to $4.20, does that include the recurring PP&A accounting? I just wanted to clarify that. And then I also believe on the share count, you said the assumption is that's 177 million. Just wanted to make sure I heard that correctly as well.
Patrick Dugan: Yes, yes. Exactly. The share count is 177 million for all of these. And that's an annual number for all these purposes. The -- because of the first quarter, you only have the shares outstanding from today on. So, you'll have -- but that's a weighted average share count based on current calculation. The -- and then the recurring PPA, right there on page 15. 
Raymond Betler: Back on the share count. Wanted to explain how that happens. Because by the end of the year, we will get back up to the total amount, which is more like, what, about 193 million.
Patrick Dugan: Yes, so the Q1 outstanding shares are -- right now are estimated 130 million shares outstanding. That's like a weighted average calc. Q2, Q3 and Q4 would be 193 million shares, so you end up with an annual weighted average of 177 million. And then of course, when you start again in 2020, you would be at the full 193 million. 
Justin Long: Okay, great. And then on the PP&A?
Patrick Dugan: Yes. So, the PPA is -- if you look at page 15, that's the very first column, at the negative purchase price accounting amortization that is related to intangibles that we do amortize.
Justin Long: And what is the EPS impact -- the negative EPS impact from that? Is it right around $0.70 or so?
Raymond Betler: 200 million. Yes. Exactly.
Patrick Dugan: Yes, I think that's right.
Raymond Betler: Yes. I have $0.70. 
Justin Long: $0.70.
Justin Long: $0.70. Okay. That's really helpful. And then I wanted to circle back to the synergy commentary, Ray that you made. And I wanted to ask first what's the assumption for synergies within the 2019 guidance? And then also, if you could help us think about the annual cadence of these synergies. I think previously, you had talked about them being more weighted towards the out years, years three and four. But is there potential that we see some of those synergies pull forward as you've done a little bit more diligence on the business?
Raymond Betler: I think that there's always potential. So, you know our intention is to always push. So, we're going to be pushing our folks to accelerate as much as possible. But our best look right now is about $20 million net synergy effect for 2019 and it will be obviously heavier weighted towards the out years.
Justin Long: Okay, great. I'll leave it at that. Thanks again for the time.
Raymond Betler: Thanks Justin,
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Hi guys. Good morning. 
Raymond Betler: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Just talking on the broader digital platform. Obviously, a bigger area for you now. Could you help us understand the implied growth maybe for 2019 and the out years? And any color on the margin opportunity there?
Raymond Betler: So, as far as the growth, we -- we're going to probably change a little bit going forward, Allison, as we transition from reporting purely on PTC to reporting what Tim has defined as train control, to reporting on our overall electronics, digital business, first of all. So, our mix of products and our product capability and ability to address the market is going to be a little bit different in the future compared to what it is today. So, if we just look back historically on last year, we exceeded significantly our forecast in the PTC area. The reason for that was there were additional projects that came in to complete the overall implementation of PTC. There are still -- hard to believe, but there are still projects that we're booking. They're small single-digit numbers, but there's still are few projects that will yet come in. Turnkey projects to implement, PTC for commuter lines. But the -- for the most part, the overall delivery of PTC has been completed. The system integration and commissioning is underway. Our focus for 2019 and 2020 will be on reliability, on supporting our customers to literally deploy across their total system PTC, so to obtain the safety Ks as well as full deployment. So, a lot of the work is not going to be significant revenues in terms of opportunities. It will be more associated with service enhancements and support. But as we start to combine our capabilities, we have products like movement planner, trip optimizer, local control from the GE side that are already being used to interface with customers to address some operational efficiency issues. So, there's a lot of talk across the industry about precision railroading. Our belief is that full automation is the ultimate solution to optimize precision railroading. So, we're trying to work with the railroads to start to focus on fuel efficiency, speed optimization and things like that. So, we will have growth within our business. We believe our overall electronics digital business will grow this year and will be our highest growth opportunity in the future. 
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great. That's helpful. Go ahead.
Timothy Wesley: I'll just add that -- so I mean, we do expect growth to be coming from this segment. The combination of what the two companies bring together will really be an accelerator here for automation. And as I have mentioned, we see automation having the single-biggest impact for railroad productivity, very much aligned with precision railroading and some of the efforts our customers currently have.
Raymond Betler: That was Tim, in case you didn't recognize the voice.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Thanks. And then just lastly on Transit, obviously, a number of operational challenges in 2018. Can you give us a perspective of where we are? Are those challenges behind us, that we should have a smoother, better visibility in 2019? Any color there?
Raymond Betler: I missed the--
Timothy Wesley: The question, Ray, is the Transit. We've had a lot of issues in the Transit business. And obviously again the fourth quarter, the low margins, and -- is some of that behind us? Was the question. 
Raymond Betler: So, thanks, Allison. I just missed the first part of your question. So, the answer to your question, Allison, is yes, we continue to improve our overall performance within the Transit sector. We had, as you know, a lot of write-offs associated with large projects, particularly in the U.K. over the last two years. Those projects are starting to be completed. The largest literally has just finished its deliveries first quarter of this year. We've been able to -- I was spent a week over in the U.K. at the end of last year and I'll be back over there right at the end of this quarter to meet with every one of our customers. So, yes, the business is under control. We're starting to close down those projects. And we don't anticipate any significant problems as we've experienced in the past. For the overall Transit business, we still have a significant backlog of about $4 billion. We're in a good position. We're growing that business about two times market share on a worldwide basis. And the margins within the individual product areas are continuing to improve year-on-year. And we have productivity and operational performance objectives in place to accomplish that again this year.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Thank you.
Timothy Wesley: Thanks Allison.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you and congratulations on closing the deal. Ray and Rafael, in 2018, I think your initial guidance for locomotive deliveries was 272 -- or actually, was 300 and you did 272. Can you give us an idea on what the difference to the guidance was? Was is it timing of deliveries? And also, what's baked into your 2019 guidance?
Raymond Betler: Why don't you take that, Raf?
Rafael Santana: So, as we look into 2018, what I'll tell you is we had a very strong 2018 with regards to locomotive orders. We closed the year with, again, a total backlog of $19 billion. I think it was -- the upturn in that year, we've been able to get what I'll call multiyear service agreements and multiyear locomotive agreements, which really translates into a base load that really supports, I'll call, a strong foundation for growth here for us. We had deliveries of 272 units. Some of those delays were associated with the timing on which we started to deliver locomotives in India. I'm very happy to say we have been delivering already north of 48 units as part of that contract last year. And this year, just on the last couple of weeks, we delivered the first locomotives being manufactured in-country, including an AC6000, so, moving very well and as per plan.
Matt Elkott: And Rafael, the number that's baked into the 2019 guidance?
Rafael Santana: Well, we have a strong growth in 2019. What I'll tell you is when I look at our backlog; we've got more than 90% of the necessary coverage for 2019, which is a significant improvement versus last year. On the top of that, I'll tell you that our pipeline of opportunities, more than two-thirds of those associated with, I'll call, international opportunities. So, we feel very strong about the year.
Raymond Betler: Yes, we do not plan on providing an exact number for 2019 as far as locomotive build for various reasons. But I think that the general trend in the backlog and everything else gives you a good feel that we're counting on an increase, but we're not going to provide the absolute number.
Matt Elkott: Okay. And just a quick follow-up, if I could. If we just take a longer term view in your forecast through 2021, obviously, you're expecting strong growth in locomotive deliveries. Can you just talk about different drivers of this growth by geography? And how much this demand is replacement demand versus new demand?
Rafael Santana: So, back to what I have told you before. I think we've been successful in getting multiyear agreements, which really build-off on the demand from our customers. We currently have approximately 2,000 new locomotives in our backlog. And that's, again, I'd say, significant pace as well for the years ahead of us. The demand doesn't stop with regards to new locomotive only. One of the things that I think I've highlighted is the opportunity for upgrade great opportunities that we have. And we currently have, in our backlog, more than approximately 900 locomotives for modernizations in backlog.
Matt Elkott: Thank you very much.
Raymond Betler: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey thanks, morning guys. So, wanted to just start on the core legacy Wabtec margins. Looks like you're guiding to around 13% for the year. I think when we talked last year, once we got through the transit margin -- the transit contract issues, that we'd be, on a run rate, closer to 15%. Can you help us understand the Delta here?
Patrick Dugan: So, I think your 13% is a little low. But the increase year-over-year is -- that we're expecting is really going to be driven by the fact that we have the -- these projects which haven't performed so well winding down, as Ray was talking about earlier. So, as you replace those projects with more typical-performing transit projects, you have the improvement. But the rest of the margin improvement is going to come from -- as we expect, from our typical sources, as we focus on sourcing opportunities that we already had in place or were in process before we closed this deal, from our Lean efforts to drive cost out of the -- our plants and our operations. And lastly, the benefits of some of these restructuring programs, that we took, charges related to redundancies or other severance or other asset combinations as we've put plans together. So, all those things add up to an improving margin profile for 2019.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. And without a doubt, Scott, we're disappointed in the margins in Transit in 2018 and it will be a focus point. We made great progress in certain business areas, and not the progress we expected. But if you look at the Freight margins, they really were maintained and improved. So, that, we're happy about. We're not happy about the margins in Transit and I can tell you that going forward, it will be a focus point, along with the integration of these businesses.
Scott Group: Okay. Pat, in the slides, you've got recurring PPA and one-time PPA. Can you just help explain the differences? And then the recurring piece, that $200 million, how should we think about that number in 2020? Is it still there? Does is to go away? I guess I'm just -- not clear to me.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. So, that's our current estimate based on the valuations for purchase price accounting for the recurring. That is a multiyear number. And once finalized, it shouldn't change. It's specific to the additional depreciation expense on assets that have been fair valued on intangible assets that have a life that we have to amortize to. So, that number is a non-cash D&A that's going to have many -- multiyear impact and that should be fairly stable. The one-time is related to the accounting rules that we have, to step-up inventory values to closer to its fair value and on some of the value that we have to attach to backlog. And so this is our current estimate of what we think that amount will be and will turn over -- typically, that's a 12-month process as we consume, use, and sell the inventory we have on hand at close and we deliver the backlog that has value attached to it. So, recurring is multiyear, non-recurring is -- it should be around 12 months.
Scott Group: Okay, very helpful. And if I can actually just ask one more, maybe for Rafael. So, the guidance -- the long-term guidance on loco deliveries hasn't changed since May. And obviously, we've got more rails doing precision railroading, so there's some sort of skepticism about that. Maybe, can you help? You talked about multiyear agreements in the backlog. How much of that backlog is coming from outside of the U.S.? Maybe that can help us gain some more confidence in the double-digit CAGR in loco deliveries.
Rafael Santana: So, I'm not going to give you the breakdown, international versus North America. But what I'll tell you is, again, when I look at last year, we grew our backlog. And so that backlog comes with multiyear locomotive agreements. We've got more than 90% of the coverage for this year. As I look into 2020, we're also significantly ahead from where we were 1 year ago. And I'll just give you a number from a total backlog perspective for 2019; we're north of 74%, which is at least 6 points better than we were a year ago. So, we feel strong about 2019 and we're well-positioned for 2019 with a strong pipeline of opportunities internationally. When you think of precision railroading, I think the other thing to keep in mind is there is continued demand for reliable and available power. So, the fact that locomotives could be get parked, there's still a demand for modernizing that fleet which we're capturing on. And there is the opportunity to make sure you ultimately have reliable and available power running in your key corridors. And we're certainly capitalizing on those opportunities. Not to mention all the discussion we had around the automation, which really aligns very well with better performance, better reliability and better fuel efficiency for our customers. So, we really like how we're positioned here in terms of the next few years and the recurring nature of some of the services in our fleet.
Scott Group: Okay, very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Matthew Brooklier: Hey thanks. Good morning and congratulations.
Patrick Dugan: Thank you.
Raymond Betler: Thanks Matt.
Matthew Brooklier: So, I wanted to go back to the $250 million of expected synergies over four years. You had nice detail on the slide, but wanted to give it a kind of a sense and more color in terms of how much of those synergies are expected from the cost side of things. And then how much of the $250 million is potentially driven by the sales synergies?
Patrick Dugan: Yes. So, Matt, the way I would answer that is that the majority of the $250 million is coming from the cost side. We do have a little bit of revenue and associated EBIT that's been considered in the combination of the digital and electronics business But typically, we -- in our synergy plans, we have put in -- we are focused on cost. It doesn't mean that we don't think that there's great opportunity in those digital electronics combinations, but for the purposes of this integration, we have focused on cost.
Albert Neupaver: Especially in the short-term, the cost items are what we would expect to see the synergies on. As we go further out, that's where the revenue synergies will kick in.
Matthew Brooklier: Okay, that's helpful. And just to clarify, year one expected synergies, I think I heard a $20 million net number. Is that correct?
Raymond Betler: Yes.
Patrick Dugan: Yes, that's the number.
Matthew Brooklier: Okay, that's great. Thanks for the time.
Raymond Betler: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. So, within Freight, I know you don't want to give any exact numbers out. But could you just help us understand within different buckets, between aftermarket, original equipment, and digital, kind of where you see the highest growth for 2019 and maybe the lowest?
Rafael Santana: So, we are seeing, again, growth across -- when I look at the Freight segment, we're seeing growth really cutting across all segments. It's certainly stronger when I look at our automation portfolio and when I look at the locomotive deliveries. But we're growing our services business. It's a business that -- so when I look at the former GE portfolio, it's going to be north of $2 billion of revenues.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. And then in your recent filing, there was a comment about the backlog being pushed out slightly. I guess could you provide color on what caused that change? And then maybe a little bit on how much flexibility customers have to push out orders.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. Well, you're referring to the latest registration statements and with that proxy and -- that the pro formas and -- numbers in there. We did highlight that when you compare it to those numbers that were originally generated over a year ago, that there was some impact from some shifting of backlog. That's what you're referring to. So, in terms of GE, so that comes down to the customer timing, their -- the estimated moment where we think that the orders will come in. All those things factor in. I would emphasize that the backlog coverage for Wabtec and for GE going forward is at a very high level and we're confident in those numbers.
Albert Neupaver: And I think it's fair to point out that when the initial forecast was given, that's almost 1 year ago. And all we're trying to do is we updated it on what transferred in the marketplace over that almost 10 to 11 months. And there absolutely was some movement of those orders that went from one period to the next and some change in the marketplace. But we still have this strong backlog. And I think the one important statistic is the fact that, right now, Rafael talkies about 70%-plus of the -- is already covered. So, that's higher than he's used to seeing in the business.
Raymond Betler: And I would just say, in every one of our served markets, that's a common phenomenon, for customers, for a host of reasons, to push or delay the start of new orders. It's really not unusual at all.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay, that's helpful. So, I guess, would it be fair to say that, that was more of a function of the guide -- of the pro forma numbers being -- or forecast being, I guess, a while away. And in the near-term, you should see kind of less of that.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. I think so.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you so much.
Raymond Betler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Baudendistel with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Baudendistel: Thank you. I think you said that you expect your tax rate to be 24%. It doesn't seem to include any benefit from the tax advantage that I guess is because of the accrues to GE in the early years. Am I thinking about that right? And can you remind us of how that changes in the coming years?
Patrick Dugan: Yes, yes. So, the tax benefit is a cash-only benefit. It has -- and not to get into accountings for the income taxes, but yes. It's -- so it has a limited impact to the ETR and it's really only on a cash basis. But the first -- and you're right, the first few years that GE gets that benefit and it just comes through with additional consideration to GE. But then, we would realize the benefit of that -- of those tax items on a go-forward basis.
Michael Baudendistel: Got it. And can you also talk about maybe the opportunity for putting more Wabtec components on a GE locomotive? I mean, do see that as being more of just a vertically integrated solution going forward? And you think much is going to change there?
Raymond Betler: Yes. I think, over time, Mike that opportunity will come up. So, for the existing orders that Rafael is currently filling with his locomotive, he obviously already has suppliers determined and fixed and approved by customers. But if you think about the $2 billion of aftermarket opportunities that he supports every year, there's flexibility, to some extent, in the supply base. So, on a short-term, I'd say the best opportunity is associated with the aftermarket; and in the medium term, on the new OEM business as he starts to get on new opportunities.
Rafael Santana: So, our installed fleet of 23,000 locomotives, I think, provides really a significant opportunity here to look at a channel to sell our combined portfolio. And especially, internationally, with some of the strong relationships we have, we see a very good opportunity to grow market penetration as we bring the two portfolios together.
Raymond Betler: And one thing I would say about that is you can just imagine the benefits, efficiencies that you get when you're doing a complete system integration under one roof. You don't have communication issues in terms of understanding what the requirements are and expectations. You have one team of engineers that are basically designing from the locomotive down and from the component up. That's a huge advantage and opportunity for everyone.
Michael Baudendistel: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. And maybe just since no one's asked it. Can you give us a status? I think there are some reports in the recent days about labor agreements and so forth; can you just give us a status update on those things?
Raymond Betler: Yes, I'd be happy to. We've settled with all but one of the unionized facilities associated with GE's business. If you recall, we did not accept the labor agreement, so we've had to renegotiate all those. We're negotiations with the folks up in Erie. Our view is very simple. We want to integrate that workforce into our organization. They have an agreement now such that what we've committed was a two-tiered wage structure that would allow us to be competitive internationally, that would not impact the wages of any of the existing legacy employees. And that's probably the biggest sensitivity that exists. So, we're working through that with the union. And we believe we'll be able to settle that agreement, hopefully, in the near term.
Michael Baudendistel: Great. Thanks very much.
Raymond Betler: You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Willard Milby with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Will Milby: Hey good morning everyone. Pat, if I look at the debt, the $4.9 billion, what's the current average rate on that? And as far as the split, floating versus fixed, where do you stand currently?
Patrick Dugan: I thing the average interest rate on the whole debt is 4% and then the split is roughly 60% fixed.
Will Milby: Okay. And you mentioned in the presentation the appropriate mix of permanent prepay. Do you have that percent prepaid number? And I got a follow-up to that one.
Patrick Dugan: Sorry. Ask the question again.
Will Milby: The amount of, I guess, pre-payable debt that you mentioned in the slide 18, appropriate mix, permanent, and pre-payable? 
Patrick Dugan: Yes, I'm sorry. Yes. Okay. So, I'm going to say that we probably have -- bear with me, I would say pre-payable, we have the $500 million related to the short-term bond. And then we probably have about $600 million related to the line of credit and then we have other maturities that are five years out. 
Will Milby: Right, right. And bigger picture question, now that you've got the whole of GE Transportation under the Wabtec umbrella. When you look at all the business lines, does GE Transportation, in its current, I guess, form make sense for Wabtec to retain ownership of all those businesses? Or is this -- are there other opportunities to maybe find new homes for certain segments of GE's Transportations business?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, right now, the portfolio fits ideally with the Wabtec portfolio. And it was really constructed in a way there's tremendous amount of synergies between the various groups. So, right now, we do not see that. However, we're always looking for what our portfolio needs to be. And there will be a lot of effort over the next year developing a strategy together that makes sense for the combined business.
Will Milby: All right. Thanks gentlemen. I appreciate the time.
Raymond Betler: Thanks Will.
Operator: Our final question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hey good morning guys.
Raymond Betler: Hi Steve.
Steve Barger: Just a follow-up. Ray, you talked about this being an attractive point in the cycle. And the industry saw nearly 100% step-up in railcar orders in 2018 versus 2017, which makes for a tough comp this year. But do you think rolling stock is further along in the cycle than locomotives in North America or just how do you compare legacy freight versus locomotive right now?
Raymond Betler: I think it's a little bit. Like what Rafael said, I think rolling stock is a little bit ahead of locomotives. But then, you have to get into the details in granular definition of rolling stock. So, there's different trends for different types of cars right now, as you know, Steve. And right now, we still have a significant backlog. We have, within our planned budget for this year, a significant increase, 2018 to 2019. So far, we're seeing that, and hopefully, it's going to continue throughout the year. Included in that are our international growth opportunities. So, more and more rolling stock providers, North American providers, are setting up shop in international communities. We're following those folks and supporting them, partnering with them. So, in addition to our North America growth, we have growth opportunities in the international side.
Steve Barger: Understood. Thanks very much.
Raymond Betler: Thanks.
Operator: This now concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for any closing remarks.
Timothy Wesley: Thanks Sean. Well, we appreciate everybody's attention this morning, and we look forward to talking to you or seeing you over the next weeks and months. Thanks very much. Have a good day.
Raymond Betler: Thank you.
Patrick Dugan: Bye. Thanks.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Stphane Rambaud-Measson - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.
Analysts: Justin Long - Stephens, Inc. Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Matthew Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Willard Milby - Seaport Global Securities LLC Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Timothy Curro - Value Holdings, L.P.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, the floor is yours, sir.
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our 2018 third quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the rest of our team here with me in Wilmerding; Ray Betler, President and CEO; Pat Dugan, our CFO; Stphane Rambaud-Measson, our COO; our Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz; and Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman. We're going to make our prepared remarks as we usually do and then we will be happy to take your questions. And of course, during the call, we will make forward-looking statements, so we just ask that you please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. With that, I'll turn it over to you, Ray.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. It's good to talk to you today. I'm happy to report, we have strong growth in sales and EPS for the third quarter and we're well-positioned for a strong finish to the year, both in terms of earnings and in terms of cash flow. We also affirmed our EPS guidance for the year and increased our sales guidance. In the third quarter, we saw year-on-year revenue growth in both our segments for the fourth quarter in a row. Even with strong revenue growth this year, adjusting for changes in FX, our backlog remains a record high. We won new business in most of our major markets and product areas around the world. As we focus on our short-term performance, we're also investing in our long-term growth opportunities, including, of course, our planned merger with GE Transportation, which we'll talk about those opportunities later in the call. But first, I want to introduce Pat to review the third quarter numbers.
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Ray, and good morning, everybody. Sales for the third quarter were $1.08 billion. Our Transit segment sales increased 11% to $686 million. This increase was due to strong organic growth, adding about $61 million from acquisitions, which contributed about $21 million and those more than offset the negative impact of foreign exchange rates of about $14 million. This is the fourth quarter in a row we've seen organic sales growth, which shows that our backlog is really starting to kick in. Freight sales increased 15% to $392 million, the fourth year-on-year increase in a row. The increase was also due to strong organic growth, adding about $46 million and from acquisitions contributing about $11 million and that was offset by a negative impact of foreign exchange of about $6 million. Freight sales and backlog are near their highest levels in two years and Freight aftermarket sales showed year-on-year growth for the fifth quarter in a row. All of these are positive indicators. When you look at our consolidated operating income for the quarter, it was $125 million or 11.6% of sales. Now this operating income included transaction costs related to the GE Transportation merger of about $7 million. It included restructuring expenses of about $3 million and included about $1 million for a goods and service tax law change in India, which is reflected in our SG&A. Excluding those items, our operating margin was 12.6%. That's the same as the second quarter, despite a 3% decrease in sales consistent with seasonality. During the quarter, we also had a negative impact of about $2 million due to tariff increases, which we were able to offset a portion of with surcharges or other adjustments. Our full-year 2018 adjusted operating margin target is now about 13%, slightly lower than our initial guidance, due to the tariffs and as we continue to work through some of our lower-margin contracts we're executing on in the UK. SG&A for the quarter was about $147 million. This increase is mainly due to the expense items I just mentioned and acquisitions. We expect it to be about $140 million in the fourth quarter, excluding any expenses related to the GE Transportation merger and any restructuring. Engineering expenses decreased to $20 million due to the timing of our spending and because some of those expenses do get captured in cost of sales as a component of our revenue. Amortization expense increased slightly, mainly due to acquisitions. Now when I look at my segment operating income for Transit, operating income increased 28% to $61 million, for an operating margin of about 9%. This includes $2.3 million for restructuring expenses and the Indian tax law change mentioned above. Excluding those items, the margin was 9.2%. We expect the margin to improve in the fourth quarter, as we complete some of the UK projects and to continue with our restructuring and cost reduction initiatives. Freight operating income was $79 million, up 29% for an operating margin of 20.3%. The improvement compared to last year was due to higher sales and a more favorable product mix. For the full-year of 2018, we expect operating margin improvements for both the segments compared to the last year. These improvements will come through better project performance, a better mix of sales and the benefits of restructuring and cost reduction programs. Just as a quick update on our Faiveley integration and synergy plan. As you know, our target for the first three years is at least $50 million and we remain ahead of that pace as we come to the end of year two. Continuing with the income statement, looking at interest expense, it was $24 million in the third quarter and it includes about $3.2 million of incremental finance costs related to the GE Transportation merger. Going forward, we expect our interest expense to be about $20 million per quarter, if you exclude the carry cost of the new capital structure that was put in place for the GE Transportation merger. Remember that we are focused on generating cash to reduce that debt and obviously the related interest expense. Other income and expense was an income of about $1.2 million compared to other expense of $443,000 in the prior year quarter and that improvement was mainly due to lower translation expenses for FX or foreign exchange. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was about 16.2%, that's lower than expected due to a benefit from  a $7 million benefit from the reduction of our estimated transition tax charge that was initially recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017, specifically due to the 2017 U.S. Tax Reform Act. Excluding this benefit, our effective tax rate was 22.5% for the third quarter and we expect it to be about 24.5% for the fourth quarter. Just to help reconcile the third quarter EPS for everybody because of all the adjustments, the GAAP earnings for Q3 were at diluted shares of $0.91. Expenses for the GE Transportation merger, other restructuring actions and the effects of the tax law changes reduced EPS by a net of $0.04. That's in the $0.91. So, you can find these details in our press release and just to bridge this, our net income per diluted share in accordance with GAAP is about $0.91. You add back restructuring expenses that are within our cost of sales and our SG&A of $0.02, you add back our transaction costs for GE that's recorded in SG&A and interest, that's about $0.08. You add back India tax expense that's in our SG&A of about $0.01. And then you deduct the benefit from the U.S. Tax Reform liability, that's about a $0.07 reduction. So, we come up with a net $0.95 for the quarter. So, shifting to our balance sheet and our cash from operations. We believe our balance sheet provides the financial capacity and the flexibility to continue to invest in our growth opportunities. We've obviously executed on our capital structure in preparation of the GET transaction. We have an investment-grade credit rating and our goal is to continue to maintain that. When you look at the cash from operations for the quarter, we used $30 million of cash from operations. Now that occurs because it's been mainly used related to increased working capital, including for some of the UK projects that we mentioned earlier, but there's some other negative effects included in the cash that includes the transaction and restructuring costs of about $10 million in the quarter and about $24 million related to tax payments made in accordance with the requirements under the 2017 U.S. tax law change. We expect the cash generation to be strong in the fourth quarter as it typically is and our cash from operations target for the full-year is now about $200 million. Looking at working capital elements; at September 30, our receivables were $851 million, inventories were $866 million, and our accounts payable were $557 million. In addition to that, we had unbilled receivables of about $389 million, which were mostly offset by customer deposits of about $374 million. At September 30, we had $411 million in cash on our balance sheet, mostly held outside the U.S. We also have about $1.7 billion of restricted cash, which is intended to be used for a portion of the cash requirement, under the GE Transportation merger. Our total debt is about $3.9 billion and our net debt-to-EBITDA is about 2.6 times. Just a note about our new financing arrangements. In anticipation of the GET merger, we completed some new financing in the quarter. We issued $500 million of Floating Rate Senior Notes due in 2021. We issued $750 million of Senior Notes for the rate of 4.15% that will be due in 2024 and $1.25 billion of Senior Notes with a rate of 4.7% due in 2028. These proceeds, along with the borrowings under our revolver, cash on hand and other delayed draw term loans that are available to us will be used to pay the cash purchase price for the GE Transportation transaction, and for the related fees and expenses of that transaction. As a reminder, our other debt includes about $750 million of bonds that are due in 2026 and $250 million of bonds due in 2023, and some other various debt including $350 million on our revolver. Just some miscellaneous items for everybody's information. Our depreciation in the quarter was about $18 million, that's consistent with last year's quarter. For the full-year of 2018, we expect it to be about $70 million. Our amortization expense was about $10 million compared to $9 million in last year's quarter; and for the full-year of 2018, we expect it to be about $40 million. CapEx for the quarter was $25 million compared to $22 million a year ago and we expect to spend about $100 million in 2018. Looking at our backlog, we had another good quarter for generating new orders, as you can see from the numbers we reported in the press release. At September 30, our multi-year backlog was a near record $4.6 billion and our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multi-year backlog, was $2.2 billion. So with that, I'd like to turn it over back to Ray.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Pat. As I mentioned previously, for the year we increased our revenue guidance slightly and we affirmed our EPS guidance. We now expect full-year revenues of about $4.35 billion with adjusted earnings per diluted share of about $3.85, excluding costs related to the GE merger, restructuring charges, and the effects of tax law changes. Compared to 2017, this would represent revenue growth of about 11% and adjusted EPS growth of about 12%. Our adjusted operating margin target for the year is now about 13%, slightly lower than our previous expectation as we finish some of our UK projects and absorb some negative effects from the new tariffs in the U.S. Before I ask Stphane to discuss the Transit and Freight segments, let me give you an update on the merger with GE. As you know, I've been calling this a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I truly believe that. We're excited by both the short-term as well as the long-term opportunities of this combination. Post-closing, Wabtec will be a Fortune 500 company, and a global transportation leader in rail equipment, software and services, with operations in more than 50 countries. Financially, GE Transportation has continued to perform as expected this year and remains confident about its outlook for 2019. In its third quarter, the company had revenues of $932 million and a segment profit of $162 million for an operating margin of 17.4%. The company booked orders of $2 billion in the third quarter more than double the year-ago third quarter. This performance reflects what we are also seeing in our Freight markets. Rail traffic growth is up, rolling stock coming out of storage and OEM orders picking up. Park locomotives for example are down more than 30%, since the beginning of the year. We expect the GE Transportation transaction to be completed in early 2019, subject to customary closing conditions. As we announced recently, Wabtec has set a special meeting of our shareholders for November 14, to ask for approval for some of the steps necessary for the merger, and both Wabtec and GE are working earnestly on various regulatory approvals, including those with the U.S. Department of Justice. So, let me review again the compelling strategic rationale for the merger. After closing, we will be a diversified global leader in transportation and logistics. We're combining Wabtec's Freight and Transit components with GE Transportation's locomotive manufacturing capability and service. From our discussions so far, we see a strong cultural fit that should enable a seamless integration. Our combined electronics and digital capabilities can lead to autonomous operations. Wabtec will be well-positioned to meet the growing demand for train intelligence and network optimization. We will benefit from recurring revenue in a high-margin aftermarket and service sector. Complementary global customer relationships will drive substantial cross-selling opportunities and help us to dampen cyclicality. Our pro forma financials are compelling, especially at this attractive point in the cycle. We expect to have significant skill, a rapid growth trajectory, superior margins and strong free cash flow. GE is well-positioned as the industry recovers. The significant operating synergy potential and tax benefit drive value creation, approximately $250 million of anticipated run rate synergies, driven by mainly cost reduction opportunities and a net tax benefit of about $1.1 billion. We will have a strong free cash flow profile to enable rapid de-levering. We remain committed to retaining our investment grade rating and our dividend. And with that, I'd like Stphane to discuss the Transit and Freight segments.
Stphane Rambaud-Measson - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Ray. I will start with our Transit business. In the quarter, we had about 10% organic revenue growth as our backlog has started to kick in. Our profitability has been affected by the lower margin contract in the UK that have been discussed. But our adjusted operating margin was 9.2%, slightly higher than the second quarter, despite lower sales due to seasonality. We are taking strong actions to improve our profitability and our goal is to drive Transit margins higher by 1% annually during our comp period (20:19). And we expect to achieve this goal by applying a more rigorous bidding process and an improved project management and improved cost structure from ongoing and new restructuring initiatives and the transfer of work to lower cost countries and also disciplined deployment of our lean and sourcing initiatives. Worldwide, the state of the Transit market remains very strong and we continue to bid and win significant orders in all of our major markets. In the quarter, we  I just signed a well-awarded train control project with Transit agencies. We are working to meet their PTC requirements. We won orders for transit car components in Germany, in Israel, in Italy, in Switzerland. We won platform screen doors in Australia and third rail conductors in China. India remains a bright spot with good order and good bidding activity for coaches and electric locomotives for brake systems for Indian Railway, along with new Metro projects. Our growth rate in India this year is well into double-digits. The European market continues to expand, driven by replacement of metro fleet in London, in Paris, in Berlin, but also new infrastructure project such as Grand Paris. And we see a good volume of projects for regional and commuter train in Germany. For the full-year, we expect a book-to-bill of greater than 1. And remember that our OEM orders typically lead to long-term aftermarket contract, which then provide revenues and good profitability for 30 to 40 years. As a true global player, over time, our Transit business should have better visibility and stability, more growth opportunities, both organic and through acquisitions, and improved margin as we benefit from increased scale and market share and as aftermarket revenues increase. So, let's now move to our Freight rail business, which has continued to pick up due to a strong market activity. As Pat mentioned, our Freight sales and backlog are near their highest levels in two years and Freight aftermarket sales were up 22%, the fifth quarter in a row of year-on-year growth. In NAFTA, Freight rail traffic is up more than 5% year-to-date and the rolling stock in storage continues to come down. As a result, we are seeing growth in our Freight aftermarket revenues, along with more inquiry for component servicing and repair, and locomotive overhaul projects. Demand for new locomotives and freight cars is also improving. For example, the backlog of cars ordered in the U.S. is at the highest level in two years and we are seeing good volume in our maintenance software business with orders above sales for this year. In the quarter, we booked contracts for train control hardware, projects and services and multi-year orders for freight cars components in the U.S. As you would expect, we are very focused on helping our U. S. customers both Freight and Transit, meet their PTC goals for the year. We have as an example, established a (24:08) to track progress on our project and have added resources as necessary. Meanwhile, international rail markets in Brazil and Australia are stronger this year and we are now operating facilities in both Turkey and India to take advantage of growth opportunities in those market. And our non-rail business is benefiting from growth in the oil and gas market, with our backlog for industrial heat exchanger near a record high. Ray?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Stphane. So, I'll conclude our prepared remarks by talking about the long-term outlook. Two weeks ago, we've presented our five-year strategic plan to our board. The plan meets our long-term financial goals to average double-digit growth in revenues and in earnings through the business cycle with improving margins. To achieve these goals, we have growth initiatives in each of our major product lines, consistent with our four growth strategies. After we complete our merger with General Electric Transportation, we will, of course, update our strategic plan. From our initial analysis and due diligence, we are confident the merger improves our ability to deliver on our long-term growth targets. So, just to reiterate some of my comments at the beginning of the call. We had a strong third quarter. We are positioned to finish the year even stronger, both in terms of earnings and in terms of cash flow. We saw year-on-year revenue growth in both our segments for the fourth quarter in a row. We affirmed our EPS guidance for the year and we increased our sales guidance slightly. Even with the strong revenue growth this year, our backlog remains near a record high. And the Freight market continues to improve. We expect to build on these accomplishments in 2019 based on the improvements we're seeing in our Freight business and through the Wabtec Excellence Program, which gives us the ability to generate cash and to increase margins over time. And with that, I'll be happy to answer any questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question we have will come from Justin Long of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks and good morning.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi, Justin.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: So, wanted to start and ask about the operating cash flow guidance for $200 million. And was curious, if you could provide some more detail on what drove the reduction? I think it was a little bit surprising just because the EPS guidance for the full-year didn't change, but it looks like the expectation for operating cash flow came down by about $150 million or so. So, Pat, could you maybe walk through what drove that change? And going forward, what your confidence is that the cash flow profile of this business can return to what you've historically said, operating cash flow above net income?
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, the third quarter operating cash flow really was the reason for reassessing the number. We would have typically had a profile where we would have seen a building cash from operations every quarter and improving sequentially and then a strong fourth quarter, which is kind of our history. Clearly, in the fourth quarter and we're giving you GAAP numbers, not adjusted numbers when we give you that guidance, but you had a fourth quarter that was negatively impacted by the tax payments that we had to make, under the current rules. We definitely, year-to-date, have had  cash has been used in restructuring and paying for the GET transaction costs. And then finally, we have working capital performance that is not what we would have expected. It's really related to our projects about how some of the milestones have not been met and things have been deferred a little bit. And so, we're focused now on recovering, on aggressively completing and closing out those project milestones. We're working with the project teams, the local finance teams and the executive office and aggressively managing our payables with our suppliers. These are timing issues. They're things that we will recover on, it's just that the underlying milestones of those projects have affected the cash flow in the year and our guidance.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And Pat, you said that $200 million was a GAAP number. Do you have the adjusted number? What's your expectation for adjusted cash from operations in 2018?
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, I think if you look at that historically, okay, we have  for the first nine months. Okay? We have an impact of about $24 million from taxes. We have, for the first nine months about a $30 million impact from the GE Transportation transaction. And then, we have an impact, really kind of related to working capital that are the business needs to  and we'll recover into the fourth quarter and into 2019. We forecasted right now a fourth quarter performance that will be about $150 million. And we think that this is a conservative view of our ability. We've had fourth quarters where we've done better than that $150 million and so we're just making sure that we have a number out there that  and a guidance for you that makes sense and is achieved.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And secondly, I wanted to ask about the Freight segment and expectations for that segment going forward from both an aftermarket and an OE standpoint, it feels like inquiries have picked up. Ray, you alluded to some of the order strength that GE is seeing in their business. Could you just talk about the level of visibility you have at this point to a cyclical recovery in Freight in the year ahead?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, Justin both segments are significantly up, both on the aftermarket services side as well as in new car side. Maybe I'll just mention a couple without mentioning the names, we've received an order for over $50 million in the Freight market, for  it's an order for over 3,000 cars. We have 100% content on that order. We have another one for 800 cars that we have 100% content. We have another one for 700 cars, where we have total content, but the cushioning devices. So, we're picking up our share of business and business is picking up in total. On the aftermarket side, more and more equipment is being pulled out of storage as you know and that equipment is in lesser and lesser states of usability. So, it needs to be, in many cases, serviced and refurbished before it goes back into service. So, we still feel pretty good about, I know traffic has slowed down a little bit, but it's still positive and certainly the new orders are very encouraging.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I'll leave it at that. I appreciate the time.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, guys, good morning.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi, Allison.
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: I just wanted to go back to the reduction in the margin target. I think you cited tariffs as well as the lower priced contacts. Could you maybe help understand, one, with the lower priced contract, is it incremental? And maybe help us even quantify the tariff impact and how you're thinking about that heading into 2019 at this point?
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, I think in a tariff, I think we talked about the quarterly impacts about $2 million and we  that's the gross impact and we worked very hard to offset that with mitigations through surcharges or price increases or  and in some cases, we actually even bought some inventory in advance to avoid that impact. So, that's the Q3 impact and I think that we're going to have something similar going into 2019, but we're still working on that. In terms of the lower margin projects, I mean, we definitely have been operating throughout the year with some assumptions on margins and where they would be. We did have a chance to look at those projects in the third quarter and probably had about  we had a discrete item as we always do, of about a net of about $10 million in the quarter. And just related to improving the estimates on the cost on filling that contract. So, all those things kind of impacted the Q and of course, that impacts the full-year.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Maybe Allison, if I could make a comment about tariffs, so we are basically tracking that issue on a daily basis. So, we have reasonably good visibility, trying to be proactive about what the impact potentially could be, but also establishing strategies for how to mitigate the tariffs by moving things to other countries  through other countries, we're obviously trying to anticipate what's going to happen, if the next round of tariffs get implemented. So, it's a little bit of a dynamic situation on a day-to-day basis. But, I think we're doing a pretty good job anticipating it and trying to put mitigation steps in place.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: Great. That's helpful. And then the OEM, you talked about ongoing price pressure still for the new cars. Could you explain to us how that flows, if it even flows down to you, your ability to price in this market on the Freight?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, the Freight market has really not changed dramatically. There's always some price pressure, but we have some leverage too, there's a lot of demand right now, so there's some pricing opportunities. So, it goes both ways. I think we're in a pretty good position relative to our pricing.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities: Great. Thank you.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Matt Elkott of Cowen.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. Ray, can you give us some update to the financial targets you have for GE? I think, the last time we heard about this was last month. Are those EBITDA and EBIT estimates still intact? Or how has your confidence changed, if any, since then?
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good. I can answer that. I think that, as far as GE's performance, I think they announced today and they were right on-track with their third quarter numbers and that's very encouraging considering where they're at in the cycle. As far as going forward, what has been published is out there. So, we don't see any change  we haven't heard anything from GE that would change that.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, I think the backlog is built in there...
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: The backlog is enormous.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: ...so we're in a very positive situation too, with the pickup in the market.
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah, I agree, Ray.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then just one more on PTC as we approach the installation deadline and 2018 is largely behind us. Can you give us an idea on how the aftermarket contribution to your PTC revenue has shaped up relative to your expectations going into the year? And how that's going to trend in 2019 and 2020 as we approach the implementation deadline in 2020?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Sure, Matt. We've always said that, we thought we would be in a $50 million to $100 million aftermarket range in the aftermarket business. And we're right in that range. I think we've done a reasonably good job forecasting that. That's a result of mainly MSAs that we've been able to book with the Class 1s and now more and more commuter agencies. So, the commuter agencies are smaller contracts, but there's many commuter agencies, so we're able to sign those up as we're implementing the projects with those agencies, Matt. Some of those agencies just received funding over the last year or two, so we literally still are booking new orders in project-based orders in the PTC area to do sub-system and turnkey projects. As far as deployment goes, I think it's going pretty well across the Class 1. CFRA (39:32) is deeply involved with that and we're doing everything we can to support our customers as well as FRA.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC: Ray, do you see any  year in the next three or four years where there would be a big step function decline in PTC revenue  total PTC revenue?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think, again, Matt, we need to maybe differentiate again the difference between PTC per se and signaling. So, we've migrated to the term signaling not to, to be cute. We migrated to the term signaling, because it encompasses PTC, but also other capabilities, it encompasses other subsystems, it encompasses project-based revenues. So, pure PTC information is based on hardware, deliverables, yes. Obviously, we are very close to finishing out the delivery of all PTC hardware onboard computers. But in terms of signaling, we still believe that we're able to grow that business. So, I think, we've done a good job of demonstrating that this year. There was concern and anxiety out there that we would not be able to do that this year, but we're on track to have pretty significant growth in signaling area this year. So, we're pretty happy with where we're positioned.
Matt Elkott - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question we have will come from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. If I could just follow-up on that PTC line of questioning. Would you provide the figures for the quarter of the PTC revenue and signaling? And if you're still forecasting that area to be up 10% for the year?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yes. Timmy, you want to do that?
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah, I've got them. So, the PTC for the quarter was $81 million; signaling was $27 million, so the total is $108 million. And we did about $322 million last year  and yeah, so we're expecting 10% to 15% growth this year.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And how should we be thinking about margins in Transit over the next few quarters? Maybe if you could just review the timing of the largest of these low-margin UK contracts, when those will be done, and when you would expect that segment margin to turn positive year-over-year on an adjusted basis.
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, just to be careful, we typically don't give any kind of guidance or any kind of forward view of the margins for segments. And there's just a lot of discrete items that tend to go in and out of these segment disclosures, but our goal obviously is to continue improvements on a quarter-to-quarter.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, what we can talk to you about is what we've committed, Jason, in the Investor Conference and what we've continued to discuss, which is a 1% year-on-year improvement and maybe we give chance to Stphane to explain some of the things we're doing operationally to improve our performance and focus on that objective.
Stphane Rambaud-Measson - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Sure, Ray. I think, well, I described a couple of the key action that we are taking; a much more rigorous bidding process, better, stronger project management. One of the key elements which has been a drag on our profitability has been this UK refurbishment project, where hopefully it's armful of project (43:25) and we are getting at the end of the engineering phase of the project, meaning that we are starting to push trains out and we have a much more stable configuration as we had a quarter ago. As we are finishing up this project, we are going to (43:47) and actually, we are taking actions to restructure the business, lower our cost and project our deliveries in a much more stable manner than what we had before. So, if we assume that we will achieve this target, we should be well placed to increase our margin on  by one point, actually, on the yearly basis as we have committed to our board recently.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. That's helpful. And just finally, companywide, wonder if you could talk about the impact that you're seeing in raw material and employee-related costs and your expectations there going forward.
Stphane Rambaud-Measson - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Overall, we don't see much impact. Well, there's been, of course, the tariff impact that we've been discussing. It has been  that's caused a drag on our numbers, but we have pocket of areas where we have a little stretch on resources, such as, for example, Eastern Europe, which is where the economy is very active right now, but we don't see a big increase of wages. We are helped by some currency changes. Also in China, I mean, the money has been slightly devaluated compared to the U.S. dollar, so it is compensating for some wage increases. So, overall, we don't see big changes. Pat, maybe you want to comment?
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: No, I would say overall, I think our  the numbers would indicate that we have  margins are pretty fairly consistent and we're executing where we think we need to be with some of these discrete items obviously impacting.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And next we have Matt Brooklier of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Matthew Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hey, thanks and good morning.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hey.
Matthew Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So, a question, I think you talked a little bit to it, but the revenue guidance for the year was taken up. I was just hoping for maybe a little bit more color in terms of what's contributing to that. Is it more Freight? Is it also Transit? Just trying to get a sense for what's picking up from a momentum perspective.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah, I think it's both, Matt. We're in a nice position that we have almost record backlogs in both segments. And as Stphane says, we deliver, for instance, these trains out of the UK, that's the revenue recognition milestone allows you to book revenue for those projects. So, those on a Transit side, as we start to implement the projects and move more into manufacturing delivery, revenues pick up. And on the Freight side, it's more short-term 6-month, 9-month type of turnaround, and with the increased demand, we're seeing some increased revenue opportunities.
Matthew Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Helpful. And then can you remind me on within your OE business for railcars, specifically in supply and components. Does it matter what type of car is getting built, i.e. tank versus freight cars? Do you have about the same amount of content on each? Or is there a difference?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: If you look on a broad-basis across the industry, it really doesn't matter. We're pretty agnostic. We do have a couple of specialty areas like the hatch and gate business that we bought from ATP. From ATP, we can supply hatches and gates, which is an incremental add to grain cars for instance. So, frac cars for sand and things like that. But in general, the average is about the same across the industry. So, we're just happy with the pickup.
Matthew Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. That's what I thought; just wanted to confirm. And then, last one for me, there's talk of  or announcements around precision railroading efforts more of the Class 1 rails are looking to undergo and go through this process. I'm just curious to hear your thoughts on, is this a potential headwind this cycle, is it more of a headwind, on  if so, on the locomotive side versus the freight car side? How are you thinking about these initiatives that the Class 1 rails have announced?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, thanks for asking the question, Matt, because I think if nobody asked that, I'd have been very disappointed. There's so much talk about precision railroading, precision scheduling. Our view is this: we're in place fundamentally to serve our customers and any improvements, just like for PTC, just like down the road for semi-automation, automation, any efficiency improvements that result in a rail network are good for us. It increases the capability for the Class 1s to improve their throughput that hopefully increases the opportunity to serve their customers. So, I think the discussion is ongoing, it means different things to different people. I think the Class 1s are trying to sort it out, what it means for them, specifically case-by-case. But, we're obviously watching. We're listening. We're trying to interact as much as possible with our customers to understand where and how we can serve them and fit into that ultimate solution to provide better throughput and better productivity and efficiency. And I see it as a good thing in the industry. So, I think it's not different for that matter on the Transit side, where you can increase overall efficiency in a Transit operation like New York City Transit. There's been so much discussion from the Governor on down, any opportunity to increase performance of a rail system is good for us.
Matthew Brooklier - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Good to hear. Appreciate the time.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question we have will come from Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thanks. Morning guys.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi, Scott.
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: So, I wanted to just go back to the margin guidance, it's just not entirely clear to me. So, going from 12.6% in the third to give or take 14% in the fourth to get to the 13% for the year. How  is the big delta just that these contract issues are now behind us? Are they partially behind us in the fourth? Are they fully behind us in the fourth? I just want to try and get a sense of, if they're fully behind us, is 14% in the fourth quarter, a good run rate for 2019? Maybe they're only partially behind us, so maybe the real run rate for 2019 is even better than 14%. I'm just trying to get a little bit better understanding here.
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: All right. So, just speaking only to Q4, I mean, I think you're right on the issue is that  is as you have these contracts are partially behind us, they're starting to come out and then we'll have a more  we think we'll have a more typical fourth quarter results, spares orders and other  in other business product mix that will improve that margin. So, in terms of 2019, really don't want to talk too much about that we  it's not our time to talk about guidance right now.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Sure. Perfect.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: The fourth quarter is a good indication of the run rate.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Helpful. And then, as we think about the backlog, so it came down a little bit more on the one-year backlog than the multi-year backlog, if I look third quarter versus second quarter? Is there one that's a better want to look at? Is there one that tends to lead the other, the one year versus the multi-year? I'm just trying to understand, which is the better one to look at?
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: The one year is  you can get some discrete items that can really make that number move and the Freight business, which is a very short-cycle like backlog, it's not the long multi-year large contract value type order process like you have in Transit. You just don't have it in Freight. And so, quarter-to-quarter, I think, you can have some variability, but I think it's still kind of historically high compared to the last few  the last three quarters in the last year.
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Scott, this is Tim. Just one more comment on backlog in general, remember, that we don't put anything in backlog until we have a signed contract. So, we're winning orders, we're being selected for orders, we're being awarded all the time. But the timing of when we actually put something in backlog is determined by when we sign the contract, which can be months and quarters, sometimes between when we win a project and when we actually book it.
Stphane Rambaud-Measson - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: And we have won a number of signed contracts, which are not bookable, which will have  they will have call-offs, but we have won the contract already, so we are securing the volume for the long-term, but it's not yet in the backlog.
Unknown Speaker: To get the release. Yeah.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Very helpful. And just one just last real quick thing to clarify. When you guys give the breakdown of PTC and then signaling. The PTC number, the $80 million, give or take in the third quarter, that includes both installation and aftermarket, correct? It's not just the installation, is that right?
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Right.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. It's anything associated with PTC per se, Scott.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Helpful. Thank you, guys.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question we have will come from Willard Milby of Seaport Global Securities.
Willard Milby - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, everybody. If we could continue the conversation on margin, not to beat a dead horse here, but as I look at the long-term outlook, since the Analyst Day and in every iteration of the proxy, we've seen the core Wabtec business that planned improvement in the margin call it 100 bps, 110 bps. What gives you confidence that that's still a good improvement target when you look at maybe headwinds from tariffs or other issues? When you talk to the board, what are you telling them, is it planned improvements on the cost side? Is it better business with a better margin coming through in the next year, couple years? Can you talk a little bit about that in the longer-term outlook?
Stphane Rambaud-Measson - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think it's a little bit of everything. I think a lot of effort are made on the cost side, we have a number of restructuring projects, which are ongoing, specifically in the UK. We also are controlling the bid process and looking at the risk profile of projects that we win in a very cautious manner. And we are reducing our exposure to certain types of projects, such as the refurbishment project, specifically the UK project are larger train refurbishment projects, where the risk profile is higher than the normal Transit business, where we are doing equipment supply. And today, in our backlog, actually we have reduced the number of these projects and we plan to flush out of the backlog several of these projects in the coming months and quarters. So, that's one of the driving force to the improvement in margin.
Willard Milby - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. And as I think about the impacts on the tariff side, trying to recoup any kind of cost headwinds there. Have customer conversations gotten more difficult? Or customers are a little more understanding of what's going on and maybe those conversations, maybe you think you can recoup those cost entirely? Can you talk a little bit about what's going on there from a customer point of view?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. The customers normally aren't too approachable relative to recouping cost, but we also pay attention to customer pricing policies and practices. So, we try to mirror those folks in their approach where we can...
Willard Milby - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate the time. Thanks.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And next we have Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Thanks for getting me in.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hey, Steve.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Ray, hey, since you wanted to talk about precision railroading, and I don't cover the Class Is, I'll follow-up on your comment that an increase in rail performance is good for WAB. Can you tell me specifically how it's good, because presumably it means less new equipment, so what is the positive offset that allows Wabtec to benefit?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, it may mean less new equipment over a long-haul, Steve, but if you look what's going on today, there's a lot of, first of all, infrastructure adjustments that have to be made. As you know, we're in the infrastructure business, there's a lot of adjustments that have to be made to equipment. Do you overhaul? Do you buy new? Do you specialize in certain types of equipment? Who picks up the  what's not changing is the overall demand.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yeah.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, as long as the demand is going up and our ability is because of our position in technology and that's really the key for us is we're technology providers. So to the extent that we can more effectively develop technology to assist the railroads, to be able to support the demand, basically there are opportunities to take freight out of trucks.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yeah.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, I think there's a lot of upside for us in a short, medium and long-term.
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I think Ray has answered the question extremely well, because number one what's good for the industry is good for Wabtec, that's number one; number two, in order to really do precision railroading, it's going to require technology, in our opinion and we are the answer to technology, not only in the Freight, but also in the Transit rail businesses. So, a lot of our focus has always been on the safety, efficiency and the productivity in the railroads. And that's exactly what they're trying to improve. It's not about just taking their capital expense down, it's more than that. It's really being able to compete with trucks and other industries to increase the business over time. And like I said, what's good for the railroads is good for Wabtec.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Understood. So, technology presumably would be good for mix as well?
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: That's right.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And last one for me, industry orders for railcars up a lot year-over-year, which is obviously good for visibility. And when railcar OEMs take orders, they're typically non-cancelable. Even though at times we see them get delayed or modified? My question is on the locomotive business, are those contracts non-cancelable in the same way that we think about railcar orders?
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think, Steve, from our due diligence, each contract is different, so there's options associated with some of the GE contracts that are basically call options. So, they're not  the customer, obviously, is in force to exercise those options. So, I haven't seen any contracts for base orders that are cancelable. So, there could be, but we haven't seen.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: And we're really not sure.
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We haven't seen their contracts that's in the backlog, I don't know exactly what they say at this point.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Well, what we do know is they're way ahead of expectations on new orders. So, I think they're doing pretty well there, in terms of the pickup in their business. It's going to be seen in revenue next year.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Next, we have Tim Curro of Value Holdings. Please go ahead.
Timothy Curro - Value Holdings, L.P.: Hi. Will you please talk about the financial risk that we face as a result of losing the challenge related to the Siemens PTC patent? Have they sued for a certain amount?
Patrick David Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah, we really don't comment on litigation at all and so we hate  just don't have a comment on litigation.
Timothy Curro - Value Holdings, L.P.: Got it. Thank you.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. We'll go ahead and conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference call back to Mr. Tim Wesley for any closing remarks. Sir?
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Mike, and thanks everybody for joining us on the call. We look forward to talking to you again soon or perhaps seeing you at a conference. Take care. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: And we thank you also, sir and to the rest of the management team for your time also. Again, the conference call is now concluded. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Thank you, take care and have a great day, everyone.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you, Anita. Good morning everybody and welcome to our 2018 second earnings call. Let me introduce everybody else who is on the call with me. Ray Betler, our CFO; Pat Dugan; Stephane Rambaud-Measson, our COO; John Mastalerz our Corporate Controller and Albert Neupaver, our Executive Chairman. As Anita mentioned, we will make our prepared remarks and then we will take your questions. During the call we will make forward-looking statements, so please review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Ray, I will turn it over to you.
Ray Betler: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. It's good to talk with you today. I am happy to report we exceeded slightly our financial targets in second quarter and our now comfortable increasing our guidance for the year to revenues of about $4.2 billion and adjusted earnings per diluted share of about $3.85. In the second quarter, we saw a year-on-year revenue growth in both our segments for the third quarter in a row. Even with strong revenue growth this year adjusting for changes in FX, our backlog is at a record high as we have won new business in most of our major product lines around the world. As we focus on our short-term performance, we are also pleased to be able continue to invest in our long-term growth opportunities including of course our planned merger with GE Transportation, which we will talk more about during today's call. So, first I would like to turn it over Pat to review the second quarter numbers.
Pat Dugan: Okay, thanks, Ray. Sales for the second quarter were $1.1 billion, and when you break it down and look at our segments, our transit segment sales increased 19% to $699 million. That increase was due to strong organic growth adding about $51 million of sales; favorable FX which increased $33 million and acquisitions which contributed about $28 million. This is the third quarter in a row; we've seen organic sales growth demonstrating that our backlog is starting to kick in. Freight sales increased 20% to $412 million, the third year-on-year increase in a row. The increase was due to strong organic growth adding about $54 million sales, slightly favorable FX of about $3 million and acquisitions which contributed about $11 million. Sales were at the highest level for freight in two years and the backlog increased 3% and is also at the highest level in two years. Freight aftermarket sales showed year-on-year growth for the fourth quarter in a row; all of these were positive indicators. When we look at our consolidated operating income for the quarter, it was $124 million or about 11.1% of sales. As mentioned in our press release this morning, this included transaction costs related to the GE Transportation merger of about $9 million, the restructuring costs of about $4 million and expenses of about $4 million for goods and services tax law change in India all which is reporting in SG&A. Excluding those items our operating margin was 12.6%. Going forward, our full year 2018 adjusted operating margin target is about 13.5% with improvement expected in the second half as we work through some of our lower margin contracts in the UK that we talked about last year and as we realized some of the benefits of our restructuring action. SG&A was about $171 million; the increase was mainly due to the expense items I mentioned as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates, acquisitions, and increased incentive corporate goals. We expect it to be about $145 million to a $150 million per quarter in the second half excluding expenses related to the GE Transportation merger and any additional restructuring. Engineering expenses decreased to $19 million due to the timing of our spending because some of those expenses can be captured in the cost of sales. Amortization expense remained about the same in the year-ago quarter. When we look at our segment operating income for transit, it decreased to 2% to $58 million for an operating margin of about 8.3%. This includes the $4 million for the tax, the Indian tax law change and $2 million of restructuring expenses and if you exclude those items the margin was about 9.1%. We expect the margin to improve in the second half as we work through some of those lower-margin projects I mentioned, and to continue with our restructuring and cost reduction initiatives. Freight operating income was $84 million, up 34% for an operating margin of 20.5%. The improvement compared to last year was due to higher sales and more favorable product. For the full year of 2018, we expect operating margin improvements for both segments during the year and compared to last year. These improvements will come through better project performance, better mix of sales and the benefits of restructuring and cost reduction. Just a quick update on a Faiveley integration and synergy plan. In 2017, we generated about $30 million of synergies compared our target of about $15 million to $20 million and in 2018, we expect to achieve an additional $15 million. Our total target for the first three years is at least 50. So we're ahead of pace and expect that to continue. Looking closer on the income statement for interest expense, our interest expense was $32 million in the second quarter and that included $12 million of financing costs specific to the bridge loan that I will talk about later and related to the GE Transportation merger. For comparison, the interest expense in the prior quarter was lower than normal by about $2 million benefit related to a prepayment of debt assumed in the Faiveley Transportation acquisition. Going forward, we expect our interest expense to be about $20 million per quarter in the second half of the year and if you exclude any-- that would be excluding any effects from the GE transportation. Remember, that we are focused on generating cash to reduce debt and reduce our interest expense. The other income and expense line-- the income was $2.2 million compared to about a $1 million in the prior year quarter. The increase was mainly due to higher income from minority investments. Looking at her income tax expense our effective tax rate for the quarter was 11.2% lower than expected due to a benefit of about $13 million from the reduction of the estimated transition tax charge initially reported in the fourth quarter of 2017. That charge was related to the 2017 US Tax Reform Act. Excluding this benefit, our effective tax rate was 25.1% per quarter and our 2018 full year assumption is about 24%. Remember that's annual estimate; the individual quarters can and usually vary due to the timing of any of these discrete items. So to help with our earnings per share, our second quarter EPS on a GAAP basis on per diluted share were $0.87. Expenses for the GE Transportation merger, our restructuring actions and the beneficial effect of that discrete tax items reduced our EPS by a net of $0.09. So to help you reconcile you can also find these details in our press release. You start with net income per diluted share in accordance with GAAP of $0.87, you add back restructuring expenses that are recorded in both cost of sales and SG&A of about $0.03. You add back our cost related to the GE transaction which is recorded in both SG&A and interest of about $0.16 adding back the impact of our-- for the India tax item which is in SG&A that's about $0.03 and you deduct the benefit of the change in our transition tax charge of about $0.13, we end up with a net income per diluted share excluding these items of about $0.96 for the quarter. Okay, shifting to our balance sheet. The balance sheet remained strong. It provides the financial capacity and the flexibility to investment in our growth opportunity. We have an investment grade credit rating and our goal is to maintain it. In terms of cash from operations, we generated about $44 million compared to $12 million in the year-ago quarter; our performance was even better when you consider that we spent about $19 million on transaction expenses related to the GE Transportation merger and other restructuring costs. We expect our cash generation continue to improve in the second half and to finish 2018 with more cash from operations than net income. Looking at working capital at June 30th, our receivables were $837 million, inventories were $864 million and payables were $616 million. In addition, we had unbilled receivables of about $378 million which were more than offset by customer deposits of about $390 million. Our cash and debt at June 30th consisted of the following. We had $246 million of cash mostly outside of the US and total debt of about $1.9 billion and net debt -- so debt left the cash of about $1.64 billion. Our net debt EBITDA ended being about 2.6x. Just to remind you and to talk about our new financing arrangements, in anticipation of the GE Transportation merger, we did complete new financing arrangements. It included a syndication of a $2.5 billion senior unsecured bridge commitment and $400 million senior unsecured delay draw term loan to fund the cash portion of the merger. The bridge commitment will be reduced by any alternative financing that we arrange before closing. In addition, we refinanced our existing revolving credit facility with a $1.2 billion senior unsecured revolver for the five-year term and refinanced an existing $350 million senior unsecured term loan with a three-year term loan. Just a couple of miscellaneous items for the models. Our depreciation was $16 million consistent with the last year's quarter, and for the full year 2018 we expect depreciation expense to be about $70 million. Our amortization expense was $9.9-- about $10 million compared to $9.4 million in the last year's quarter. For the full year of 2018, we expect it to be about $41 million. Our CapEx for the quarter was $22 million versus $19 million a year ago, and we expect about to spend about $100 million in capital expenditures in 2018. Looking at our backlog, we had another good quarter for generating new orders as you can see from the numbers we are reporting in the press release. At June 30th, our multi-year backlog was a near record $4.7 billion; this was slightly higher than at March 31st if you exclude the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates. Our rolling 12-month backlog which is a subset of the multi-year backlog was a record $2.5 billion. With that I will turn it back over to Ray.
Ray Betler: Thanks Pat. That's a lot of numbers to go through and a lot of work you accomplished since last quarter. So thank you John Mastalerz and your entire team for the work that you have done. As I mentioned previously, we increased our guidance for the year based on our first quarter-- first half performance in our outlook for the rest of the year. We now expect full year revenues of about $4.2 billion with adjusted earnings per diluted share of about $3.85 excluding cost related to the GE merger restructuring charges and the effects of tax law changes. Compared to 2017, this would represent revenue growth of about 8% and adjusted EPS growth of about 12%. We expect to generate cash from operations in excess of net income for the year. Our key assumptions include the following. Revenue growth in both segments, our adjusted operating margin targets for the year is about 13.5% as mentioned by Pat we should see improvement throughout the rest of the year. Our adjusted tax rate is expected to be about 24% for the year, and we are assuming diluted shares outstanding of about $96 million for EPS calculation purposes. Before I turn it over to Stephane to discuss the transit and freight operating segments, I would like to give you just an update on the merger with GE Transportation. I've been calling this opportunity once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I truly believe that it is. We are excited by both the short-term and the long-term opportunity it presents. The combination will make Wabtec a Fortune 500 company. We will be a global transportation leader in rail equipment, in software and services with operations in more than 50 countries around the world. Financially, GE Transportation has continued to perform as expected this year and is confident about its outlook for 2019. In the second quarter, the company had revenues of $942 million; that's an 8% improvement versus first quarter and a segment profit of a $155 million which is up 20% versus first quarter. The company has booked orders of $4.7 billion in the last three quarters including $1.1 billion in the second quarter. Year-to-date its orders are up 44% compared to prior year. Across the industry, product locomotives continue to improve ending the quarter down of about 31% since last year. We still expect the GE Transportation transaction to be completed in early 2019 subject to customary closing conditions, approval by Wabtec shareholders and regulatory approval. As expected, both Wabtec and GE have received a request for additional information from the US Department of Justice as part of the regulatory review process and we are cooperating fully with the DOJ as it reviews the proposed transaction. So let's talk about the compelling strategic rationale for the merger. After closing, we will be a diversified global leader in transportation and logistics. We are combining Wabtec's freight and transit components with General Electric Transportation's locomotive manufacturing and service capabilities. From our discussion so far, we see a strong cultural fit that should enable a seamless integration. Our combined electronics and digital businesses and technologies can lead to autonomous operations. Wabtec will be positioned to meet the growing demand for train intelligence and network optimization. We will benefit from recurring revenue in a high-margin aftermarket and service sectors. Complementary global customer relationships will drive a substantial cross-selling opportunity and help dampen cyclicality. Our pro forma financials are compelling especially at this attractive stage in the cycle. Our combination will afford a significant skill, rapid growth trajectory, superior margins and strong free cash flow. General Electric Transportation is well-positioned as the industry recovers with a backlog of $18 billion and robust orders. The significant operating synergy potential impacts benefit drive values creation approximately $250 million of anticipated run rate synergies driven mainly by cost reduction opportunities, and a net tax benefit of about $1.1 billion. We will have a strong free cash flow profile that will enable us to rapidly de-lever. We remain committed to retaining our investment grade ratings and our dividend and with that I will turn it over to Stephane.
Stephane Measson: Thank you, Ray. I will start with our transit business. In the quarter, we are 9% organic revenue growth as our backlog is starting to kick in. Our profitability has been affected by the lower margin contracts in the UK that we have discussed last year. We expect margins to improve from the restructuring actions and have some of these lower margins revenue beginning to roll off. Our goal is to improve transit margin by 1% annuity during our cut period and we expect to achieve this goal by self-applying a more vigorous bidding process, being more selective, better project management and improved cost culture from our restructuring actions and the transfer of work to lower cost countries and a disciplined deployment of our lean and sourcing initiatives. Worldwide, the state of the transit market remained strong, and we continue to win and bid on significant orders in all of our major markets. In the quarter, we booked a long-term aftermarket service agreement with SNCE in France, orders for brake equipment and new cars for India and France, and orders for brake equipment in HVACs on new cars for Israel. Remember too that our OEM order typically lead to long-term aftermarket contracts which then provides revenues and good profitability for the rest of the year. As we look at our business over the next several years, India remains one of our most dynamic markets, driven by record orders for coaches and electric locomotives for Indian Railways along with new metro project. The European markets continue to expand, driven by replacement of metal sheet in London, in Paris, in Berlin and new infrastructure projects such as rotary. The regional market in Germany continues to grow and a new bill just start in France that could trigger new volume in the medium to long term by opening up the regional market to private operators. As a true global player, over time our transit business should have better ability and stability, more gross opportunities in both organic and through acquisitions, and improved margins as we benefit from increased scale and market share and as aftermarket revenues increase. Let's now move to our freight train business, which has continued to pick up due to strong market activity. Our freight backlog is now at its highest level in two years, and our second quarter freight revenues were the highest in more than two years. In NAFTA, freight train traffic is up more than 5% year-to-date and stock and storage continue to come down. As a result, we are seeing growth in our freight aftermarket revenues along with more enquiries for competent servicing and repair and locomotive overall project. Demands for new locomotives and freight charges are also improving, and we have seen good volumes in our maintenance business with orders of both sales in the first half of the year. Meanwhile, our non-rail business is benefiting from the growth in the oil and gas market. As an example, our of [Indiscernible] business saw orders, outpace sales in the second quarter. As a reminder, our 2018 freight assumptions include the following. Railroad CapEx which declined about 10% in 2017 is expected to be flat or slightly up in 2018. For new locomotives, we see a slight increase worldwide down in NAFTA, but it's looking like 2018 will be --. For new freight cars, NAFTA is expected to be slightly up. In Freight, our long-term investment into the facility in Turkey for freight cars products, and new products in electronics and in train controls. I would like to mention that one of our long-time customers, Rio Tinto in Australia just completed its first delivery of Renault by an autonomous driverless train, which included equipment supply by Wabtec. It is just another sign that third worlds continue to be very interested in technology solutions. Ray?
Ray Betler: Thank you, Stephane. I'll conclude our prepared remarks by talking about our long-term outlook. At our Investor Day, in early May we talked about our five-year plan which meets our long-term financial goals to average double-digit growth in revenues, and our earnings due to business cycle with improving margins. To achieve these goals, we have growth initiatives in each of our major product lines which are consistent with our forward growth strategies. After we complete our merger with General Electric Transportation, we will of course update our strategic plan. From our initial analysis in due diligence, we are confident the merger improves our ability to deliver on our long-term growth targets. So just reiterate some of my comments at the beginning of the call, we had a good first half in 2018. We exceeded slightly our plan for the second quarter and increased our guidance for the year. We saw a year-on-year revenue growth in both of our segments for the third quarter in a row. Even with strong revenue growth, our backlog remains near-record high. And the freight market continues to improve. So we expect to build on these accomplishments throughout 2018 based on the improvements we are seeing in our freight business, and on our Wabtec excellence program which gives us the ability to generate cash and to increase margins over time. With that we will be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks and good morning. So maybe to start with a question on the transit side of the business, I was wondering if you could help us think through where transit margins should exit this year based on that your current guidance, just curious how we should be thinking about the improvement once we start to lap these are-- or get rid of these UK contracts, and some of the restructuring that you've talked about is complete?
Pat Dugan: So Justin, I guess, I don't we have really given individual transit freight segment guidance margins, but I think it's safe to say that when we look at the first half of the year for 2018, for the whole Wabtec that we have-- we have some pretty significant revenue that's flowing through the results with less than normal margins and that's really having a dampening effect on the overall margin and in particular it's really impacting transit. So, think that you could you-- when you look at your results that you would see us start these contracts-- these projects to run off and then we would get back to a more typical margin profile as you have seen in the past for Wabtec on the transit segment.
Justin Long: Okay, and Pat I think you made the comment that both segments should post year-over-year margin improvement, I am assuming that's on an adjusted basis and so would you mind giving the comparison you are using for 2017-- there just have been so many charges and adjustments, I want to make sure we had the right numbers to be using for last year.
Pat Dugan: It was about 10% [Multiple Speakers]
Justin Long: And what was that number for freight?
Pat Dugan: Freight was about 20.
Justin Long: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess second question, I wanted to ask about your locomotive overhaul business, is there any way you could speak to the amount of overhaul work that was delayed during the past down-cycle and how much of that has come back at this point, I just want to understand where we are in terms of that recovery?
Ray Betler: Justin, we took as you know adjustment last year for about $250 million, I think it was second quarter in revenue one-- a lot of that was associated with overhaul-- locomotive overhaul-- the locomotive overhaul business is coming back slow. We are in the process bidding some small-- smaller projects, but there's been nothing significant in terms of new opportunities in the market to date.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning guys. I wanted to start with the revenue guidance that --so you have guys done to give or take $2.2 billion of revenue first half of the year. Pretty much we always see better revenue in the second half than the first half when you've got a backlog like this. So, you know you should be doing north of 5.4 or higher when guidance is $4.2 billion-- how many bridge the gap there and what might be getting worse in the back half for the year?
Pat Dugan: I think the guidance is contemplating the seasonality that we-- that we see with Q3 especially I guess it's more impactful than it has been in the past because so much work business is in Europe now. But we definitely have customers that go through shutdown and summer slowdowns and Q3 can really show revenue that is less than normal. So we have that contemplate in our results. But you know the other thing is that there is a certain amount of conservatism especially in the areas where the-- where the increases have been strong in freight.
Scott Group: Okay. And then I want to go back to the margins because I think that's an important question right, so if you did 12.5% give or take in the first half and 13.5% for the year so we got to get to 14.5% margins in the back of the year or maybe can you help us kind of put some parameters where you think about the third and fourth quarters, and so I guess the implication is that we are going to be north of 14.5% in the fourth quarter on operating margin. Is there anything about that that feels unusual or unsustainable as we think about operating margins for 2019?
Pat Dugan: Yes, well I think that we don't typically give any kind of guidance on margins especially going in the 2019, but I think you are right here, your feeling is that you are going to have an improving margin percentage that goes into the second half for the year, that's going to be driven by a couple of things, it's definitely expect to see some of these projects to wind down, and come out of our mix of revenue and then you also have-- and we have seen this especially in the past couple of years where our fourth quarter mix of sales can be a better-- better mix more profitable and that really contributes to an overall margin for the year and for our guidance.
Scott Group: Okay and then just last one on the margin side. So we just did a 21% margin adjusted in freight; we've gotten as high as, I don't know 23.5% or 24%, but that was with a lot of PTC, how good do you think freight margins can get to as long as the freight cycle remains strong?
Pat Dugan: I mean our goal is to continue to improve the margins every-- every quarter-- every year clearly mix is-- has an impact that you pointed out you know PTC and the strength of the freight market, but so our goal is to continue to improve.
Operator: The next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Okay guys, good morning. Just want to touch on a little bit what Scott and Justin had just asked, on the transit, you know you talked about the lower margin contracts rolling off, could you remind, I think I mean are those primarily behind the scene a little bit flow through in Q3 than in Q4, I mean how should we think about cadence of that roll off for 2018?
Pat Dugan: So, there were -- if you go back to third or fourth quarter 2017, there were contract adjustments and really if you think about project accounting and project results you reduced your margins on a cumulative catch up, but you are now at a point where the revenues comes through at a zero margin and those projects are completed. You know what we have described in the past is that we-- these projects are-- they are in the UK and will-- probably the largest one essentially winds up in the late third quarter, and maybe stretching a little bit in the fourth quarter of 2018, and we have a couple that will also stretch into the first half of 2019.
Ray Betler: So Allison it may be since Justin and Scott and you all have some margins, so let me just take a minute to talk about the margins in transit gain. To remind you, we went through this wedding process to re-baseline our total project portfolio when Faiveley and Wabtec businesses were put together. We explained it-- we sis identify some significant project issues and adjustments that we had to make in our project portfolio, and we also communicated later in the year that a lot of our focus was on projects in the UK which were weaker overhaul projects that were three, four, five years in nature, and are coming to a close. So some of those, the biggest one will come to close at the end of this year and then the beginning of next year through mid year, the second largest. So, those projects are starting to be completed. They are starting to be replaced with backlog revenue with higher margins although the transit project margins historically are lower than other projects, other projects like in freight or in electronics. So what we have done is to focus on those projects, focus on opportunities, and project by project to do monthly reviews and incrementally improve the projects. Secondly, on a portfolio basis, we have tried to focus on other margin improvement opportunities and Stephane has put together a corporate-wide margin improvement program at the request of the board and that was reviewed this last week. We had our board meeting, July Board Meeting. And so theres other initiatives that are being taken across our total business, some are related to customer project, some are related to pure operating production activity, some are relating to elimination of one time issues. And others are relating to what we would traditionally call continuous improvement in our lead. So theres a lot of sensitivity in progress internally on margin improvement, I want you folks to understand that, its not an issue that we -- were taking lightly or cavalier about the position were in relative to the deterioration at transit margins. So its a very serious thing for us. Were addressing it, and were addressing it both at the transit level as well as the overall corporate level.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks, its helpful. And then just on Faiveley, you talked about in a success from the cost synergies but you also talked about a number of projects that you are winning. Could you talk to your sense of, is the combination of Faiveley and Wabtec giving you a greater share of the wins that maybe either of you could have gotten on your own? Any sense of what you're seeing there?
Stephane Measson: Actually may be I'm going to take this one, Stephane speaking, yes we, the combination of the two companies is a very helpful to win more project. We have the widest portfolio of products in industry now in certain segments, as you know we are the number one or number two position, we have very complementary products. I can just give you an example of the largest commuter project in Europe, which was awarded last year, has been won with a combination of Wabtec legacy and Faiveley product, the most of the control electronics were European base were coming from the Faiveley part and the automatic equipment were originally coming from Faiveley, while these were the -- to the famous segmented discs of Poli coming from the Wabtec legacy side. And without this combination, I think we would not have been in a position to be as successful on this major project. So, so yes I mean the combination has helped us tremendously to improve our capacity to bundle products and to have a more competitive technology.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Good morning, thank you for taking my question. So, Ray, we're seeing this tightness in the locomotive market and I was wondering if it's translating into anything any maybe increased level of conversation with your customers or enquiries. And if so, for those that are not GE of your customers how much is a GE deal coming up in the conversation. And I'm just trying to gauge if there's a level of concern by your non GE customers about future supply agreements.
Ray Betler: Yes. So it's come up Matt obviously in our discussions, we've talked with all the customers, we've also talked to the progress, chat folks about supply agreements and long term relationships. So the customers are certainly sensitive about the competitive environment. And I think we've tried to reassure them that our plan is to support both current customers long term into the future GE as well as at Cat EMD. And we're willing to commit to long-term supply agreements to demonstrate that.
Matt Elkott: That's fair, so you raised, still think that the revenue optimization potential from merging with GE will well offset any type of potential revenue losses to their competitors.
Pat Dugan: Yes, it is not. Well be fine there, I don't think that's something that we could really talk well this is our new - speaking I think that we're getting a little ahead of ourselves, you know, we feel that we'll be able to supply the market extremely well, and we think we'll have a great product and a great team that's going to be able to deliver whatever is needed in the marketplace.
Matt Elkott: Got it, and Ray last quarter I think when you guys gave guidance, I think you suggested that there was a bit of a conservatism built into the guidance, now you've raised the EPS guidance is very slightly partly be attributable to the beat in the quarter. So you still feel like the same level of conservatism is built into the second half guidance if the environment does not change materially from the current trends?
Ray Betler: Yes, I feel pretty good about our opportunities going forward Matt, we're --we try to be conservative and at the same time responsible about our projections but I think that trends in market are very positive right now, and if they continue theres certainly a lot of things that could impact them, crazy politics and the other things that are going on all around the world. It's hard to analyze what the impact of tariffs and all the other things may have on our economy, but economy is right now strong. And we're anticipating it's going to continue to be that way. And we think there's upside opportunity there.
Operator: The next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Good morning. So obviously really strong results in freight, could you provide some color on what you saw in the quarter from aftermarket versus OE demands. And then just giving your commentary on the conservatives embedded in the outlook, how you're thinking about the growth driver in freight for the remainder of the year?
Ray Betler: One second Saree, as far as the growth drivers go certainly the new car builds and the cars being depleted in storage both on a freight side, the locomotive side, the aftermarket, sales being up in a repair centers, those are some of the drivers, commodities, gas prices again are all trended in the right way the coal situation in the eastern railroads, all were in our favor. So those are some of the drivers.
Pat Dugan: Yes. So in terms of freight aftermarket sales, first quarter to second quarter increased about 5% in the second quarter. And about the same over year, year-over-year quarter.
Ray Betler: Another thing Saree was just keep in mind in freight we reported PTC, so don't forget the regulatory requirement at the end of the year for deployment then there's a big push by the FRA and the federal government to make sure that six of railroads not just the class ones but all roads that are complied. So that's another big driver.
Saree Boroditsky: Could you quantify the impact of PTC and freight in the quarter?
Pat Dugan: Yes. We don't break it down by freight and transit but I can tell you that for the company for consolidated PTC was about $71 million in the second quarter, signaling about $37 million. So combined that's about $109 million.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay and then just quickly, just focusing a little bit on the bigger picture, one of the most exciting opportunities I think with the GE Transportation merger, the combination of your digital platforms. Could you just talk about how you're thinking about the combination of technologies? And then if there's any overlap today with -- GE's trip optimizer or any other technologies?
Ray Betler: No there's no overlap with the trip optimizer and as far as the combination goes, there's I think I mentioned in the last call, if you superimpose our product roadmap over theirs or vice versa, there's a lot of complementary product and technologies that the combined business will be able to leverage. So I think in terms of our opportunities going forward they're pretty significant in terms of being able to hopefully reduce R&D costs. And at the same time get to market faster with competitive product. And we do not - we're not communicating that autonomous, its a one step process, it's a multi-step process that we think will go through a phased approaches with maybe a reduction of one driver or one attendant in the cab, something like that. So I think in terms of technology evolution the opportunities are very significant.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier: Yes, thanks, good morning. So question for Pat. I think your SG&A guidance is up about $5 million if I look at what you provided on the call versus the last go-around, maybe can you talk to what's contributing to an increase in SG&A in the second half of the year?
Pat Dugan: Well, there's two things you know, FX does impact our SG&A cost, so the absolute dollar number kind of comes up a little bit. You also have full quarter impact from acquisitions we would have done, but we're definitely with, with the higher growth of revenue that you know, we compared to previous years and quarters. We do have a little bit of extra cost and those are being reflected in the SG&A.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, that's helpful and then you disclose the old PTC number for 2Q I think that's up, pretty meaningfully from first quarter. I think your guidance for the year a call before about 5% growth and the combined PTC signaling category with most the growth coming from PTC just curious if you have updated thoughts on that guidance, given that looks like the first half of the years off to the stronger start?
Pat Dugan: Yes. I think the PTC and signaling revenues are probably about higher about 10 % from what the original numbers were. So about 10% higher than last year.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, so I guess 5% becomes a 10% growth numbers is that right we are saying for 2018?
Pat Dugan: Right.
Operator: The next question comes from Liam Burke with B. Riley FBR. Please go ahead.
Liam Burke: Thank you, good morning. Ray on the PTC front on the transit side how has that business been rolling out? And how much is that influencing your outlook for transit margins?
Ray Betler: So that business to large extent the PTC Hardware net business is relatively small but the project-based business is relatively large. So we have a pretty significant portfolio of projects that we're executing right now, we actually have about 20 projects in total at various stages of completion. And for the most part the margins are good.
Liam Burke: Okay and we could see the freight volumes on the class ones are improving. Could you give us a sense on how the outlook is on the international front for Freight?
Ray Betler: So I think the international front is also improving for the most part but it's I think a lot slower, Liam, than what we see here, you know, in some countries like China for three years there were now new freight cars being produced. They are at about-- running at about 40,000 a year right now, while Indias started to pick up slightly, Australia's come back. So they're, they're picking up around the world but slower but in Brazil, it looked like it was picking up and dropped again. So well, I think that's a reflection of the economy, it will come back there I believe but the overall growth is much slower the impact in North America.
Operator: The next question comes from Willard Milby with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Willard Milby: Hey, good morning, everybody. I just wanted to touch back on the revenue guidance. And Pat I know you talked a little bit about cadence with the seasonal European slowdown in Q3, that's mainly focused on the transit business, right? Is there any reason to think that there should be an outsize slow down at freight?
Pat Dugan: Well I think yes, I think the answer is yes, I mean we specially see and in the years I've been here is that the some of the services business, the main entity, the refurbished products that we will do will definitely have seasonality. Just kind of off top my head, its usually France is the first fourth quarter, the strongest and second and next and the third the least. It's just it's not as it's because it's a smaller percentage of the overall revenue, it's just not as noticeable but there is freight impact on seasonality.
Willard Milby: And with that was there any kind of pull forward of business here into Q2 as freight volumes increased in the congestion continued as we look domestically?
Pat Dugan: I don't think so. And I think if you look at the backlog, it's remained strong, you would kind of see it show up and reduced backlog so --
Ray Betler: The one area we did get a little bit of a lift was in PTC because these railroads are trying to finish deployment. And we did see a little bit of hardware pull forward to do that, we had anticipated in Q3, so we're obviously going to watch how that involves through the rest of the year.
Willard Milby: All right, thanks and just one housekeeping item, did you'll give a depreciation number fourth-quarter?
Pat Dugan: Yes, look at my sheet, it was $16 million for the quarter, and amortization was 10, yes, 16 and amortization was 10.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Market. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Thanks, good morning. Ray, you talked through a whole lot of puts and takes on the near term for those transit margins as you describe that recent presentation to the board, can you just give us your current thinking on how you see structural transit margin over the next few years? And what can that segment generate in terms of normalized incremental margin once you get everything where you want it?
Ray Betler: And so well at the Investor Conference, we talked about a goal 1% improvement year-on-year, on the bottom-line and that's our goal. And I think that with a lot of diligence cost reductions focus on the bottom-line we'll be able to achieve that, it takes a while in that business because of the long term nature of projects, but that's why the focus on the cost is so critical in addition to execution, another big impact is that we did jobs more effectively and if we don't take on jobs that we don't believe can perform, when we do take on jobs, we structured them properly in terms of financial structure when we do the bid. I think overall as far as where those margins can end up I think we talked about the margins will never be as high as strength in transit as in freight, but we think that if -- with good performance we could get the margin profile with the mix of aftermarket and an OEM up to about 15 %.
Steve Barger: And so do you think in terms of structuring the contracts and moving through these low margin contracts all that work gets done on the back half of 2018 to the point where you're tracking towards that goal in 2019?
Ray Betler: No it's a -- what we can focus on short term will have the biggest impact its cost, process improvements will take much longer to have an impact, Steve, because these are running projects, we have hundreds if not thousands of projects that we are in the process of executing. So I think the process improvements are things that roll out over the course of our start period, the cost impacts will have more short-term impact.
Steve Barger: Thanks and just one quick one for Pat, thinking about free cash flow for the remainder of the year, will you continue to incur extra expenses for the transaction cost or the financing or is a lot of that spending behind you now?
Pat Dugan: Well, so overall the plan is that we will -- we have to replace the bridge with permanent capital and the timing of that is still kind of to be determined. So kind of obviously we have the time line, but nothing that we can announce. And so the answer is there will be cost that will be incurred and as we progress on that plan.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Scott Group with Wolfe Research, please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks guys, just quick follow-up here can you maybe share the revenue expectations for freight and transit for the year within the guidance? I'm just trying to understand how much of this margin ramp is just a better mix of freight versus transit revenue?
Pat Dugan: Yes, Scott, I mean we don't usually give this split, I think that, I think you're just going to have to look at it, make some assumptions. Yes, we said the revenue - the guidance we gave was that the segments would grow in 2018 verses 2017 and thats part of the revenue comment and operating or income from operations comment but we didn't give specific segment guidance for revenues.
Scott Group: Okay, the margin issue, the contract issue, is that more of a gross margin or an operating margin issue?
Pat Dugan: I guess I would answer it as more of a contribution margin so you know it has impact on both.
Scott Group: Okay, and then my last thing on this rate, it sounds like your point is, we're going to cycle through some of this but not all of it by the end of this year, we stop a little bit that lingers into the beginning of next year? How much of this do you think we get through by the end of this year? I'm just again trying to understand like what the run rate margin is once we get through this? Are you -- you're saying it's 14.5% in the back half of the year, even with some of this margin overhang. So I'm just, how much, I guess I'm trying to figure how much better it can get from that once we fully cycle through this?
Ray Betler: So as far as the projects that are going through, Scott, the largest project will be completed, it is scheduled to be completed by the end of this year, that's the largest project in the UK that we refer to several times over previous discussion. So there will be revenue with low margin next year, the overall portfolio of transit OEM projects as we discussed at Investor Day is, it is traditionally low. So our focus has got to be obviously in parallel with improving our project margins to improve our cost structure, to be able to get make the impact that we need to achieve our overall profitability.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for any closing remarks.
Tim Wesley: Okay, thanks Anita, thanks everybody for joining us. And we'll talk to you in about three months if we don't see it between now and then. Thank you.
Operator: This conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Hi, Steven. Hello everybody and welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings call. Let me introduce the others who are here with me in beautiful downtown Wilma Dain, Ray Betler, our President and CEO; Pat Dugan, our CFO; Stphane Rambaud-Measson, our COO; and our Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz. We say a welcome to Stphane, whos joining us on the call for the first time. As usual, we will make our prepared remarks and then we will take your questions. We will make forward-looking statements during the call, so we ask that you review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers. And just before I hand it off to Ray, a quick reminder. Our investor conference, investor day is coming up on May 7th in Ney York. If you would like to attend the RSVP deadline is this Friday. So if you need more details, please get in touch with me. Ray, go ahead.
Ray Betler: Thank you, Tim. Good morning everyone. Its good to talk to you today. After a year of transition in 2017, were off to a solid start here for the first quarter of 2018. And as expected, were seeing improvements in some of our core markets. We slightly exceeded our expectations for the quarter and affirmed our guidance for the year, which we hope will prove to be conservative. We saw year-on-year revenue growth in both of our segments for the second quarter in a row. Our backlog grew again and remains at a record high. A couple months ago on our fourth quarter call, we told you that our company was stronger and better positioned than it was a year ago. And were pleased to start demonstrating that with our performance in Q1. We expect to build on these first quarter accomplishments throughout 2018 based on our record in growing backlog, the improvements were seeing in our Freight aftermarket, our Wabtec Excellence Program, which gives us the ability to generate cash and continued to increase margins over time. So with that I am going to turn it over to Pat to go through the first quarter numbers.
Pat Dugan: Okay, thanks, Ray, and good morning to everybody. The sales for first quarter were about $1 billion, $1.06 billion for the quarter. When you look at our segments, our Transit segment sales increased 19% to $677 million. That increase was due to a favorable FX impact of about $64 million, organic growth of about $32 million and from acquisitions  full quarter acquisitions of about $12 million. This is the second quarter in a row where we have seen organic sales growth which demonstrates that our backlog, our record backlog is starting to kick in. Our freight sales increased 9% to $380 million and thats the second year-on-year increase in a row. This increase was due to sales from our acquisitions about $24 million, some impacts from FX of about $6 million and an organic growth of about $2 million. The sales were the highest level for freight in almost two years and the backlog for freight increased 15% and is now at the highest level in two years. Freight aftermarket sales showed a year-on-year growth for the third quarter in a row, all these are positive indicators. Looking at the income statement for the quarter, our operating income was $131 million or about 12.4% of sales. As we mentioned in our press release this morning, this included restructuring and integration expenses of about $1 million for ongoing cost cutting actions. Going forward, our 2018 operating margin target is about 13.5% with improvement expected throughout the year as we work our way through some of the lower margin  some of our lower margin contracts we talked about last year. Our SG&A for the quarter was about $147 million. The increase was mainly due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and our full quarter impact of our acquisitions and we expected to be about $140 million to $145 million per quarter going forward. Our amortization expense was up mainly due to those acquisitions and we expect a similar quarterly run rate for amortization expenses for the rest of this year. Taking a look at our segment operating income for Transit. Our operating income increased 39% to $68 million for an operating margin of 10.1%. Just to remind you in the year ago, we did have restructuring and integration expenses in this segment of about $7 million for an adjusted operating margin of about 9.7%. So even after adjusting for those expenses, we did  we generated some margin improvement compared to the year ago quarter. In freight, our operating income was about $70 million, down 2%, 200 basis points for an operating margin of 18.3%. This included some planned investment and cost and strategic growth initiatives in our electronics business and other areas and the prior year comparison is also impacted by some sales mix. For the full year of 2018, we expect our operating margin improvement for both segments during the year compared to last year. These improvements will come through better project performance, a better mix as we complete our lower margin contracts and the benefits of our restructuring and cost reduction programs. Just as a quick update on our integration and our synergy plans. In 2017, we generated about $30 million of synergies compared to our target of about $15 million to $20 million. In 2018, we expect to achieve an additional $15 million, and we are on track to achieve that in the first quarter. Our total target for the first three years is at least $15 million, so were ahead of that pace and expect that to continue. Ill, talk a little bit more about the income statement. I want to talk about interest expense and the other income and expense. I just want to remind everybody that companies have changed the way, we account for our pension expense and how that impacts interest and other income and expense. Previously, pension expense was captured entirely in our cost of sales, but the new method is to split these into three categories of service costs, interest costs and our return on investment into different line items on the income statement. Now, only service costs are captured in the cost of sales, interest costs are recorded in the interest expense lines and the return on investment is recorded in other income and expense. There is no change to the bottom line at all, it doesnt change our historical EBIT margins materially, but we do have to revise the interest expense and other income line items for the last year, which is why those 2017 Q1 numbers in our press release today are different from the ones we reported a year ago. The effect of this is that we reclass about $2.5 million of pension expense, which increased both interest expense and other income. Interest expense was $20 million for Q1 2018 and going forward, we expect interest expense to be roughly the same, although we are focused on generating cash to reduce debt, and then of course of interest expense on that debt. Other income and expense  other income was $2.6 million compared to $4.8 million in the prior year quarter and the decrease was due to a smaller FX gain that we had last year. Income tax and our effective rate for the quarter was about 23% in line with our guidance, and our 2018 full year assumption remains at about 23.5%. Ill just remind everybody that thats an annual estimate and any individual quarter can vary due to the timing of any discrete items. Our GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.92 compared to $0.77 in the year-ago quarter. The 2017 first quarter included restructuring and transaction expenses, tax adjustments, and non-controlling interest adjustment from the Faiveley Transport acquisition, and the combination of which reduced earnings per diluted share by a net of $0.07. So our adjusted comparable number for the 2017 Q1 was $0.84 compared to our $0.92 in Q1 of 2018. If we take a look at our balance sheet, it remains strong, providing the financial capacity and flexibly that we need to invest in our growth opportunities. We have an investment grade rating and credit rating, and our goal is to maintain it. Our cash from operations, we generated $24 million compared to a use of cash of $26 million in the year-ago quarter. So, we improved about $50 million quarter-over-quarter. This is the third quarter in a row that we have improved our cash generation compared to the prior-year quarter, and we expect our cash generation to improve during the rest of this year, and to finish 2018 with more cash from operations than net income. At March 31, were talking about working capital, at March 31, our receivables were $886 million, inventories were $829 million and payables were $608 million. In addition, we had unbilled receivables of $383 million, which were offset by customer deposits of about $378 million. Cash on hand at March 31 was $250 million, mostly held outside the U.S. and our debt at March 31, we had a total debt of about $1.92 billion and net debt of about $1.67 billion, which gives us a net debt-to-EBITDA of about three times. Just a couple of miscellaneous items for everybody. Our depreciation expense for the quarter was $18 million compared to $16 million in last years quarter, and for the full year of 2018, we expect it to be about $75 million. Amortization expense for the quarter was $10.4 million compared to $9 million in last years quarter. For the full year of 2018, we expect it to be about $41 million. And our CapEx for the quarter was $18 million compared to $19 million a year ago and we expect or forecast to spend about $100 million in 2018 in capital expenditures. Turning to backlog, we had another good quarter, generating new orders, as you can see, the numbers we reported in the press release. At March 31, our multiyear backlog was a record $4.9 billion, a 7% increase from year-end, and our book-to-bill in the first quarter was 1.28, of the increase of about  of the increase, about 40% was due to changes in FX rate. Our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multiyear backlog, was at a record $2.5 billion, a 7% increase compared to the end of the year, which again, is another positive sign for this year. So with that, Ill turn it back over to Ray.
Ray Betler: Thanks Pat. As I mentioned previously, we affirmed our guidance for the year based on our first quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the year. We expect full year revenues of about $4.1 billion, with adjusted earnings per diluted share of about $3.80, excluding restructuring and integration charges compared to 2017. This would represent revenue growth of about 6%, and adjusted EPS growth of about 11%. Given that we slightly exceeded our first quarter expectations, we hope the guidance proves to be conservative. We expect to generate cash from operations in excess of net income for the year. Our key assumptions include the following: revenue growth in both segments; our consolidated operating margin target for the year is about 13.5%; as Pat mentioned, we should see improvements starting the year through better project performance, the completion of longer margin contracts and get the benefit of restructuring and cost reduction programs; our tax rate is expected to be about 23.5% for the year, and were assuming diluted shares outstanding of about 96 million for EPS calculation purposes. Our goals in 2018 are straightforward: to meet our financial plan, to generate cash, to invest in growth opportunities while strengthening our balance sheet and to capture the additional synergies and growth we expect through the Faiveley acquisition. We continue to focus on cash generation to fund growth. Our priorities for allocating free cash remain the same, although we expect to reduce debt throughout the year. Those priorities already fund internal growth products, including product development, innovation and CapEx, to fund acquisitions where we have ample opportunities to deploy capital, to return money to the shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing costs, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. Our corporate strategic growth strategies also remain the same. We expect to achieve growth through new product development, innovation and new technologies, to invest in aligned market expansion and global expansion, to invest in aftermarket and service expansion and to invest in acquisitions. Before I ask Stphane to discuss the Transit and Freight markets, Id like to talk briefly about PTC. Obviously, this will continue to be a topic of great interest as we get closer to the deadline at the end of 2018. In Q1, our revenues in this area were $91 million, and were comfortable with our estimate of about [indiscernible] growth which would be about $350 million. During Q1, we booked about $75 million of new train control contracts to provide equipment and project management and aftermarket services for various customers. Also this year, our aftermarket revenues are starting to kick in from master service agreements with our Freight and Transit customers. As you know, weve said that this would generate annual revenues between $50 million and $100 million. Were already in this range, which represents a strong foundation for our ongoing revenue. In addition, as we are focused on helping customers meet their deadlines in the near term, we are also investing to ensure that we capture the long-term growth opportunities from this installed base. For example, our largest single investment in new product development is designed to help us maintain our leadership position in North American market PTC. And to leverage our PTC installed base for the future follow-on opportunities, and enhancements and added functionality. Stphane, can you know discuss the Transit and Freight segments, please?
Stphane Rambaud-Measson: Thanks Ray. And I am pleased to discuss [indiscernible] groups and their performance. Our Transit business is now a true global player. . Overtime, there should mean more visibility and stability, better growth opportunities, both organic and through acquisitions, and improve margins as we benefit from increased scale and market share and the rest of market revenues increase. Currently, the state of the Transit market worldwide is strong, with investment in public transportation growing. We are seeing growth opportunities, for example, in India and Europe, especially Germany and France. India is a market where we expect to benefit real-time from good volume from repeat orders on standard products. And in U.S., we are participating in all the major new vehicle projects. Our position within the market is also strengthening. During 2017, our backlog increased about 20% as we moved orders in all major markets, in all our major product categories and in all of our major customers. During the first quarter, our backlog increased again, this time by 5%. The project includes supplying components and system for new cars in the Middle East, in Southeast Asia and in Europe, and during the first quarter, weve also add organic growth of about 6%, and some of the backlog is starting to kick in. You have to remember that these OEM orders typically lead to long-term aftermarket contracts, which drive product revenues and good profitability for about 30 to 40 years. Let me give you a quick update on new product development in Transit. We have a number of growing and environmentally-friendly products in the pipeline. It includes low energy consumption HVAC systems, the compact and lower-weight doors mechanism, compact by electronics and light-weight break disc for commuters and high-speed trains. Now lets move on to our freight rail business, which is also showing improvements. In NAFTA, freight rail Transit is about 2.5% year-to-date. And while we still see a lot of [indiscernible], these numbers continue to come down. For example, the product locomotives are down about 10% since the end of last year. Around the world, freight market conditions are mixed, with growth in some areas offset by service demands and orders. We can mention India is a bright spot, with a significant increase in new freight car position this year. Throughout 2017, we saw the models pick up in operating aftermarket revenues, but that output is improving. We continue to see more inquiries for component servicing and retail, and eventually locomotive and all projects. Our freight backlog is now at its highest level in two years, and as Pat mentioned, our first quarter revenues showed a year-on-year increase for the first time in two years, which are positive indicators. We are also seeing some improvement in our non-rail businesses, particularly the heat exchanger products, which has been driven by higher oil and gas prices. As a reminder, our 2018 freight assumptions include the following: annual CapEx, which declined about 10% in 2017, is expected to be flat or slightly up in 2018; new locomotives, we see a slight increase worldwide, down in NAFTA, but its looking like 2018, we will grow; for new freight cars, NAFTA should be flat to slightly up. Adding now in our Transit business, we are also investing in new products in Freight, whether it is data analytics, electronic Transit sales or train control automation, leading to more computers, we have an extensive pipeline of innovation. Finally, lets review the two acquisitions we made in the first quarter. We acquired Annax, a market-leading supplier of public address and passenger information systems for transit vehicles and stations; and Lynxrail, a manufacturer of vision-based wayside inspection systems for the rail industry, combined the annual sales of about US$60 million. Annax is a partner in Germany, and provides a wide range of products and solutions, including communication systems, intercoms, audio technologies and displays, throughout all main jobs in those platform and market segments. Annax continues offering the innovative and added value solutions and processes, which are Wi-Fi, passenger accounting, smart window technology. Annax strategically allows registering the required product for Transit in those markets. And the leading-edge solutions complements well and more than Wabtecs product portfolio. Lynxrail is a partner in Australia, the first product that leverage sophisticated most innovative technologies and dominance to assess components and provide real-time accessible analysis to the customer. This technology complements the condition of the products supplied by a Wabtec unit, Track IQ, which specializes in wayside condition monitoring equipment and data management systems. The combination of Lynxrail and Track IQ creates a new opportunity for Wabtec to become one of the largest supplier of wayside condition monitoring technology worldwide. Ray?
Ray Betler: Thanks, Stphane. Ill conclude my prepared remarks by talking about our long-term growth opportunities. As you know, we completed our first strategic plan as an integrated company last year, and our five-year plan meets our long-term financial goals to average double-digit growth in revenues and earnings to the business cycle, while improving margins. To achieve these goals, we have growth initiatives in each of our major product lines, consistent with our four growth strategies. Five years from now, we expect to be a stronger, more global, more balanced, more profitable company. So just to reiterate some of my comments in the beginning of the call, we are off to a solid start in the first quarter of 2018. We slightly exceeded our guidance for the quarter and affirmed our guidance for the year, which we hope will prove to be conservative. We saw year-on-year revenue growth in both of our segments for the second quarter in a row. Our backlog grew again and remains at a record high. We expect to build on these first quarter accomplishments throughout 2018 based on our record in growing backlog, the improvements were seeing in our Freight aftermarket, our Wabtec Excellence Program, which gives us the ability to generate cash and continued to increase margins over time, we believe this is going to be a good year. With that, we will be happy to answer your questions. Ill turn it over to Tim.
Tim Wesley: Okay. Steven, if you want to pull for questions, go ahead.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Sam Eisner with Goldman Sachs.
Sam Eisner: Yeah. Good morning, guys.
Ray Betler: Good morning, Sam.
Pat Dugan: Good morning, Sam.
Sam Eisner: Can you maybe talk a bit about some of the investments that youre making in Freight? You called out increased investments in strategic growth initiatives, curious how much of that has been a drag on first quarter performance, how much do we expect for the year, presumably thats embedded in your 13.5% margin target for the whole company? How long do you expect it will last, just an overall view of what these investments are, how big they are, how long theyre going to last? Thanks.
Ray Betler: Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Weve talked off and on about the investments in the Freight market throughout last year and Im happy to continue to do it. As you recall last year, last year, we invested in heat exchanger for the energy business, energy market, although in China, it was through our heat exchange business this year. We talked about last year and started this year our investment in our facility in Turkey to expand our presence in Turkey overall, but significantly to focus our Freight activities in Turkey. Turkeys a large market. East Europe, its a large market. We have a facility in Macedonia, which we continue to upgrade, which will complement the facility in Turkey. One of the things that we did is with the unit track business which is one of our main infrastructure businesses. When we acquired that company, it had two new separate locations, and while they were a sort of a short distance apart, there were still two separate locations. They did not offer really efficient production capabilities. And so we invested in a brand-new facility. Its in the same geographical location but a couple miles from the existing businesses and weve consolidated everything in one location, its all under roof, one of the two facilities that we acquired was, its close to the environment, which you can imagine in Tennessee, its a tough way to work in the summer. So weve completed that investment and wont be able to improve our product offerings and productivity for infrastructure products. And we mentioned several times, the investments we continue to make in electronics, which are significant.
Sam Eisner: Understood. Is there any way to put a number behind what these investments should be the expectation for a drag on profitability, the return profile that you expect on this any kind of financial details would be greatly appreciated?
Ray Betler: Yeah. Class A number has gone. So let me hand
Pat Dugan: Sam, I guess we dont want to carve out a whole lot of the data on the specific investment programs. I can tell you that all these investments are definitely in our guidance. I would say that you kind of look at our overall spending for R&D and other operating type expenses in these developments are somewhat consistent with what weve spent in prior years. You can clearly see a little bit of additional CapEx versus a normal year in our numbers, but what really what really comes to light and it becomes visible as you can see it impacting our segment operating percentage from time-to-time based on the timing of those expenses and how theyre going to hit. We always look at these initiatives and expect to have them pay for themselves, and a fairly short or not even within the year.
Sam Eisner: Understood. And maybe just sticking with Freight, you guys historically have given expectations for rail traffic growth, locomotive deliveries, railcar deliveries, any update that you guys have on those specific figures now according to the year and seemingly, Freight data is maybe, a bit better-than-expected when you guys first gave guidance?
Ray Betler: So, I think thats our feeling Sam, and were pretty encouraged by the improvement that weve seen in Freight and on the locomotive side, you know that there was an order lag for 200 cars earlier in the year. And that order was not expected to come that early. Certainly in 2018, we are aware of other orders that were in discussion in the industry. Freight car build is definitely tracking ahead of plan. cars and storage are coming down pretty dramatically, both on the locomotive side and the Freight car side, there is about a 10% improvement for instance since the end of December on the locomotive side and for railcars, about 50% since mid-year and last year. So I think, all in all, the market is headed in the right direction. Were picking up business in the aftermarket and are encouraged by the OEM opportunities.
Sam Eisner: If I can just sneak one more in on the PTC, I know youre guiding 5% up year-on-year, 3.54% for 2018. Just looking out to 2019, I know you dont have guidance out there, but presumably, a lot of investors are focused on what happens post the deadline. Any way for investors to kind of think about, is there a hole, is there not a hole, do you anticipate having the mark of revenue growth from $50 million to $100 million. Is there any kind of broader comments that you can give on 2019, post the deadline?
Ray Betler: So maybe, let me talk about the deadline for a minute. So people really can put it in context. So deadline for the end of 2018, its a mandate that people need to have their equipment completely installed and basically, beyond their test mode to qualify the equipment. Some people wont be able to go into PTC operation across their entire network. Some people will need to extend to leverage the opportunity to extend from 2019 to 2020. Those extensions will be based on a specific case-by-case submittals, they have to be approved from the FRA. Were meeting with the FRA on a regular basis to make sure that everybody is on the same wavelength in terms of information, and to optimize the rollout. So the fact of the matter is the markets not going away. There is going to be business in 2018, 2019 and 2020 and as that PTC business continues, were going to build on that business to the enhancements weve talked about operational improvement, opportunities and two new product developments that ultimately for our product roadmap leads to autonomous operation.
Sam Eisner: Got it. Ill hop back in queue. Thanks.
Ray Betler: Thanks, Sam. Operator Our next question comes from Matt Elkott with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Ray, it sounds like you clearly have increased confidence in the guidance for 2018. Can you talk about the primary areas of the business that give you this increased confidence? Is it mostly Freight aftermarkets or margins or just any more clarity on what seems to give you more confidence in the guidance for 2018 would be appreciated?
Ray Betler: Yeah. I think its a combination of things. I think the Freight market in general that I just spoke of is certainly one big factor. But also the fact that we spent a lot of time and effort to integrate our business last year, and if we have done a lot of work to baseline of our projects, the backlogs we have in transit and the work that Stephane is doing to improve our overall performance on productivity across our organization, the opportunities that exist through the synergies that weve already completed and the ones that are still are not planned. And frankly, our position in the PTC, I mean, its a very good position that were in, and this is an important year for everyone and because of the closeness of our company with our customers and the regulatory authorities, I believe that thats going to offer new opportunities for us.
Matt Elkott: Okay, that's great. Speaking of the Freight aftermarket business, you did have an encouraging increase in the organic portion of Freight sales. You had a decline last quarter. Based on -- do you think based on what you see in the market and based on where we are today in the second quarter, does organic Freight sale growth can continue for the rest of the year?
Ray Betler: I can't really speculate on where it's headed, but I feel good about the market right now. Were in regular touch with Freight car builders, both in terms of their domestic field as well as their international, a lot of these Freight car builders are expanding their operations overseas. And certainly, the aftermarket, you folks know the issues that exist right now, with congestion, sensitivities, each of their Class 1s have been calling to respond to service transportation board and velocities stands. So I think between the need for in terms of overall our performance and the need for equipment, it looks pretty good. So I guess, in turn, what this is, were cautiously optimistic about the market going forward.
Matthew Youssef: Got it. And just one final question. I know you guys are always evaluating a pool of different acquisition targets. Can you talk about the acquisition candidates that youre evaluating at this point? Are they more Freight companies or channel companies or sizes, any color would be appreciated?
Raymond Betler: Yes. So when we do our strategic plans, each of our business leaders identify candidates, and we go through very large potential portfolio acquisition candidates through a funneling process to shortlist candidates. So theres, at any given time a 12 candidates that will be, in some case, pursuing. So its a mix across our total business. Theres good opportunities in every one of our segments, and really, it comes down to which one represents of the best return on investment for us as they compete for our acquisition funding.
Matthew Youssef: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Raymond Betler: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks and good morning. Maybe to follow-up on that last question. Obviously, there was an article that came out last Friday about the GE transaction and your potential involvement. I know you guys wont comment on rumors, and I certainly want to respect that. So maybe I can ask a different way. When you think about your buying power for acquisitions, and you look at your leverage ratio today, the integration of Faiveley and other recent deals, is there a limitation on the size of acquisitions that youd be willing to entertain?
Raymond Betler: Yes.
Tim Wesley: Yes. I think, Justin, this is Tim. So in the context of your question and the media reports and everything, weve always had our long-standing policy of not speculating on rumors, commenting on rumors or speculation. So I think well stick to that.
Patrick Dugan: But separating  this is Pat, but separating your question about how you let into the question, but to our leverage. We said in our prepared remarks that we intend to remain an investment-grade company, with respect to the leverage ratios, and that is something we consider in all our capital allocation strategies is very important.
Justin Long: Great. And do you think in order to remain investment-grade, you would need to keep leverage ratios about where they are today? Is that the assumption?
Tim Wesley: I think we talked about our long-term goal and where we wanted our leverage ratios to be. Obviously, theres a certain amount of deleveraging that is expected in our investment grade rating right now, and thats  its a big part of formulating our cash strategy. And I think that thats remained consistent and havent changed.
Justin Long: Okay. I guess, secondly, going back to some of the margin commentary for this year, you gave guidance for both Freight and Transit margins to improve year-over-year in 2018. But is your view that margins in both segments should improve quarter-to-quarter throughout the year relative to what we saw in the first quarter? I just wanted to get a better sense for how we should think about the cadence?
Patrick Dugan: Yes, just thats sort of quarterly guidance, isnt it? I mean really, at the end of the day, if we are executing on our plan and hitting the numbers that we put forward for the full year, really sort of implies that throughout the year, were going to have continuous improvement in our margins just as we always built it into our strategic planning and to our budgets year to year. We feel good about our full year guidance and so I think that kind of gives you an indication of how much it evolve.
Justin Long: Okay. And lastly, theres been a lot of discussion about the Freight aftermarket business, and its encouraging to see a pickup there. I wanted to ask about what youre seeing in the Transit aftermarket business? How should we think about the growth profile of that operation over the remainder of 2018?
Ray Betler: Stephane, do you want to take that one?
Stephane Rambaud-Measson: Thank you, Ray. Actually, its a slightly different dynamic than the one of the Freight market for various regions. One of them is our 20 business is absolutely truly global. We primarily and what were going to start market for Transit is primarily two components: one is selling stock parts, we truly start after the warranty period and last for 30 to 40 years, in most of the cases we have a relatively captive position as most of our part are safety physical. The second part of our offering is engineering services. We offer to our end customers to reestablish equipment, retail equipment, modernize equipment, over the last time of the trend. We  I mean, its relatively difficult to model any service business in the Transit part due to the significant fragmentation of our customer base, the daily global business and the very different nature of the contractual arrangement we have all over the world, that we cant foresee and its one of our strategic targets to continue to increase the volume of our service business for Transit worldwide, and gradually balance services and original equipment.
Justin Long: Okay, great. Ill leave it at that. Thank you so much for the time.
Ray Betler: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys, good morning. Not to harp on this Freight margin question, but I guess, if I  Pat, if you strip out the investments that youre making and just look at the base organic margin, are you seeing expansion there? And would you expect wider expansion at least on the base core as you grow with some volatility with the investments? Is that how we should think about it?
Pat Dugan: Yes. I think you can see that the margins will get to kind of a more typical for the full year. You definitely have an impact of this, have some spending here, and some other costs that are being realized in that segment. But I think to answer your question, the best way to look at it and model this would be the recovery to a more typical Freight margin, which is a little bit higher for the full year. We continue to be focused on these  on the margin for these businesses, and its a big part of the overall EBIT expansion that we talk about through the rest of the year. We have programs in place to continue to improve, and I think that youll see that as a way to look at it on a full year basis.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thanks. And then just on the Faiveley, synergies coming in pretty quickly. I mean as you dig a little bit more into the two businesses, with that number, do you think at this point you could exceed that number? On the revenue side, are you seeing incremental that maybe you werent expecting coming out of it. Any thoughts there?
Pat Dugan: We talked about in the prepared remarks, which is that we were on our plan that we built into our plan additional savings and synergies that were realizing. I think in terms of any kind of topline synergies, youre really seeing it manifest itself in the backlog improvement that we get quarter-to-quarter. Clearly, the Faiveley integration is a big effort by our management team. We feel really good about it. Its been successful. Ray talked about it earlier, and we really see that we have a long-term vision of this to continue to evolve and resulting in improved results.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So I wanted to try one more on the GE question, I know its tough, but is there anything you guys have ever said in the past that suggest that a deal with GE couldnt or wouldnt happen because of any sort of strategic or size? Anything you ever communicated in the past? And then maybe can you say what your average content is per locomotive? And maybe, in an ideal world, how high it could go if an OEM used all of your products on youre their local.
Tim Wesley: Scott, this is Tim again. Ill jump in again and say that were not going to comment more than anything related to rumors or speculation, so Im not going to comment on that. As far as content on locomotive, you know, it varies. I think weve said that if we get everything, maybe its a couple hundred thousand, but weve never given an average content level on the max.
Scott Group: Okay. Pat, in the last couple quarters, I think youve given some sort of directional guidance on the upcoming quarters EPS. I dont think you said anything this quarter, any color or comments still appropriate to make?
Pat Dugan: I dont know that Ive said anything about quarterly guidance in terms of EPS. But at this point, its really kind of  it will be very difficult for me to really break it out by quarter what we think is going to happen. Were going to stick to a full year guidance in terms of EPS.
Scott Group: Okay. And then on the PTC aftermarket, I think, Ray, you said that youre already doing 50 million to 100 million of aftermarket this year. Is there any way to say what percent of your customers are already paying aftermarket? Im just trying to get a sense of if this is already as good as it gets or should there be a lot of growth from here in aftermarket because only half or less than half of customers are paying aftermarket?
Ray Betler: Yes. In one way or another were servicing all of the customers that weve delivered equipment in various ways. One is under MSAs, weve mentioned in the past that all the Class 1s are under MSAs. 100 or 200 national customers save a few community rail customers, and we continue to negotiate. Theres many customers, Scott, as you know, that have just recently entered into contracts with the OEM equipment. So those customers probably wont come under MSA agreements for two to three maybe four years down the road. But we have a pretty significant portfolio now and were supporting either under MSAs on going medium, long term MSAs or just more normal aftermarket transactional business, all the customers that weve serviced so far. And in that portfolio there is 40 pus customers.
Scott Group: Okay. And then last one real quick. The low margin contracts that you talked about a couple of times back. How much is that impacting full year operating margin.
Pat Dugan: Yes, we havent given that number. I think, you kind of look at it as the adjustments occurred in the fourth quarter, and we called those out, but clearly it creates a very low margin revenue stream that goes into a portion of 2018. So that does affect our operating income a little bit percentage income. Yes, as Tim pointed, its reminding me, its all being contemplated in our guidance for full year.
Scott Group: Okay. All right. Thank you guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier: Thanks and good morning. The $75 million in new orders that you talked to in the press release for first quarter is that inclusive of Signaling, Im just want to get to what was, if your positive strength number for first quarter in terms of orders?
Ray Betler: Its just the new orders, so if you include whatever we booked in Train Control. We dont break it out.
Matt Brooklier: Yes, now the total.
Ray Betler: So, Matt, it does PTC and Train Control system projects are in about $75 million, if thats what youre asking.
Matt Brooklier: No, Im just trying to figure out whats pure PTC and then whats Signaling? I know youve included  you include that in out together. Im just trying to figure out, of the $75 million, whats pure PTC orders versus some of that non-key Signaling work that you guys do?
Tim Wesley: Again, we dont break it out. We do give you the revenues for both, we just havent break it out the backlog or the contracts for both.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then I think I heard more numbers talked to in terms of the revenue that you booked in the quarter. Do you have standalone PTC revenue for the first quarter?
Ray Betler: Ill look for that. So ask your next question, Ill look for that.
Matt Brooklier: We can take that offline, if maybe. And then just finally, it sounds like, youre more positive on the aftermarket portion of your business at Freight, you talk to that a couple of times through the conference call and I think part of that has to do with this directional pickup in the locomotive market. Could you maybe talk to your OEM business that the new order side and delivery side of it, if you think that potentially  this pickup in locomotive activity, that sounds like its hitting your aftermarket portion of your business? Could it potentially also result in maybe better industry delivery this year and maybe the timing around that, if thats the case?
Ray Betler: Yes, I think the OEM business will come later in the year, Matt. What were seeing right now that the OEM business from the improved OEM locomotive orders. On the OEM side for Freight, that business is relatively short-term, three to six months turnaround. So that business is coming now and part of the revenue stream that we are seeing now. But to give you an example, some of the types of businesses, and you have to remember in terms of capital budgets Class 1s have committed to basically hold flat their capital budgets year-on-year. So theyre putting more money into other parts of their systems because they dont have to spend as much on PTC. Some of that is showing up in rolling stock, some of that is showing up in maintenance away, both of which we get. But on the aftermarket side, theres customers have setup increased their overhaul programs for overhaul locomotives from one customer, I wont name the customer, but from one program change from a request of 100 to 200 this year, overhauls, thats  a lot of that is drop in business. For us, theres another customer thats converting DC to AC power for 100 locomotives. These are all business opportunities that are improving conditions over the last year.
Tim Wesley: Hey, Matt, this is Tim again. So the first quarter revenues for PTC was $59 million, Signaling was $32 million, for a total of $91 million.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. Thats great. Thats all I have. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Good morning, I appreciate on PTC. I was wondering if you can help us understand the breakout of overall revenues this year in Transit and Freight?
Tim Wesley: Yes, we dont give the specific breakdown for Train Control and Signaling by the two segments. Historically, a majority of it has been in Freight. Thats been a lengthy shifting, a little bit more  the mix might be shifting a little bit to Transit as some of the project work with Transit agencies, but we dont give a specific breakout.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. And then just to confirm, I believe I heard previously, debt-to-EBITDA, 2 to 2.5 times to maintain the investment grade. Is that how youre still thinking about the leverage target?
Tim Wesley: Yes, I think our long-term view of our leverage is that we should be in that 2 to 2.5 times. Clearly, its part of the Faiveley acquisition, where we talked about this with our rating agencies, there was a plan for deleveraging over time, and theyre fully aware of our financial policy and our goal of getting there. We expect to be investment-grade company, and maintaining that investment grade rating, and that leverage ratio is a big part of that long-term building.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Baudendistel with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mike Baudendistel: Just wanted to ask you, on the components that youre selling to locomotive manufacturers all over the world, if you view the North American Freight locomotive manufacturers as being competitive with others in other parts of the world that specialize in either transit, locomotives or locomotives for other geographies?
Ray Betler: No, Michael, theyre very different. GE is definitely competitive in all Freight applications so markets around the world, they are the same, but theyre not competing for typical European, passenger locomotives, Siemens, Bombardier all some compete for that business. So their core business is really focused on same.
Mike Baudendistel: Got it. It makes sense. And just add on to that, are you selling the same or similar components to all of those locomotive OEMs, or are those different product lines that youre selling to those different segments?
Ray Betler: Its different. Youre familiar with the components that we sell for Freight here, the compressor, the brake systems, electronics, heat exchangers, Ill let Stephane talk about the European locomotive dealers.
Mike Baudendistel: Its a very, very different than some of the European dealers are supplying locomotives, which are for electrified networks. The technology is not the same standard as in the North America. So they are very different. So the other CD front that we supply actually most of the year (58:49) and in most geographies, majority in Europe or in China.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hey good morning. Nice year-over-year swing in operating cash flow. Can you tell us if we generate positive cash flow and both Freight and Transit this quarter and would you expect growth will be positive in each quarter this year?
Tim Wesley: Yes. We actually  because the operations are so intertwined, we really dont kind of break it out in Transit versus Freight. It just would be  first of all, when I said, it would be very difficult to do. I think all in all, we see is a good overall cash flow performance when you look at the prior quarter, its typical operations as we come out of the year-end in the first quarter and some other things, the timing of some of how our working capital involves. But our goal for the year is to exceed our net income.
Steve Barger: Okay. In just longer-term thinking about free cash flow efficiency, conversion. Is there any structural reason why Wabtec cant go back to the levels that it used to when prior to the Faiveley acquisition?
Pat Dugan: I dont think so. Clearly, last year, with the acquisition, we became more international, more Transit and really created some challenges in the last years performance. But what youve seen now was three quarters in a row where we continue to improve. Were very, very  we feel very good about our quarter-over-quarter cash from operations in performance, and we want to see that continue. Our goal remains the same, as I said, we havent changed our goal. Thats what were planning to do. Its that of our cash from operations exceeded net income.
Steve Barger: Got it, thanks. And one more quick one. Im curious about electronics and signaling orders outside of the North American freight market. As youre out in the market talking to customers, are you seeing more interest from new projects where you can get involved in project design early on? Or is this more of upgrading existing systems? And Im just trying to get a sense for what type of customer is seeing in the value and the products, and how thats evolving?
Ray Betler: Yes, so we try to stay pretty close with that customers. Im trying to understand their business for them and opportunities, certainly we want to get to a point where they have orders in their own order forecast. Were trying to position ourselves to work with them as a partner, not just as a supplier. So thats the  in the case of Transit, I mean, we work with customers two, three years ahead of the actual award of the contracts. So theres long-term ongoing relationship with the freight car builders and the locomotive builders that facilitates that on the freight side also. So yes, were involved with our customers early on, and basically trying to work with them more in the partnership to integrate our equipment into their designs and their platforms.
Steve Barger: Got it. Thanks.
RayBetler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: Yes. Do you expect FX to benefit sales at a similar rate as you saw in the first quarter, looking again to the second quarter and the second half?
Pat Dugan: Yes, I mean, we dont unusually forecast FX. But I think if you just kind of look at the FX rates, obviously its  to the extent that you see them remain consistent, thats the kind of impact youll see in consolidation.
Jason Rodgers: And wonder if you can talk about, youre saying the way of raw material price increases? And if your contract surcharges are fully offsetting those increases?
Pat Dugan: Were definitely saying an impact, but its  so far, its been relatively small, minor impact to our earnings. What we do is, we get in with our contracts it the opportunity to reprice or apply an escalation to really offset those impacts to us.
Jason Rodgers: And then finally, the accounts receivable was up year-over-year in sequentially a bit larger-than-normal increase for you. What was the reason for that?
Pat Dugan: Well, when you just look at the absolute dollars on the balance sheet, you have to factor in the  some of the impact of FX, especially, when you look at prior quarter, but all in all, its really related to the higher sales and the timing of how the sales hit in the quarter. So as were growing, were going to have to see some receivable growth and some inventory growth and some payable growth to offset that.
Jason Rodgers: Okay, thank you.
Ray Betler: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke with B. Riley FBR. Please go ahead.
Liam Burke: Thank you, good morning Ray.
Ray Betler: Hi, Liam.
Liam Burke: Ray, could you give us some sense of  both on an opportunity in competitive front how the Transit PTC is rolling out for Wabtec?
Ray Betler: So I think, on the commuter side, again, were in a soul source position, but what weve been able to do is improve our overall product offerings and capability to be able to participate at a turnkey level as a prime or as a sub-deal of prime. So were not only able to deliver the onboard PTC, were delivering a lot of subsystems and, in some cases, the entire project management and integrated system. So you have places like Greenfields, like TEX Rail as an example, what were participating in that position that were delivering the overall signaling system. And then separately, we have a contract to deliver to PTC. So were, I think, in a pretty good position in that market. Theres not a lot of people that are doing that, but, I think, we have the majority of those share.
Liam Burke: And on the pricing side of the profit profile side, is it similar to freight?
Ray Betler: Yes. Its very similar.
Liam Burke: Great. Thank you, Ray.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Van Sciver with Hedgeye. Please go ahead.
Jay Van Sciver: Great. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up on the materials cost component, if you could. Does that become at all a headwind in the year, as theres a lag between the price changes and your cost as you incur them?
Pat Dugan: Yes. So we study it, and obviously, some more information will come later when we get into Q file. But what weve seen is that our material cost as a percentage of sales have not changed, and weve also measured the kind of on the outside through our sourcing team and a little bit that is impacting us, its definitely immaterial. Its just not a big number. But what we think and expect to happen is that, similar to other years where weve had raising material cost due to commodities, that the programs and the protections that we have in place will continue to operate well. We have  obviously, we can reprice some of our shorter-term orders that come into our backlog in our shorter-term into sense that you when the order and deliver. The pricing can be adjusted to accommodate that. We have surcharge programs in for longer-term agreements with our customers, and finally, we have escalations provisions in our long-term Transit projects. So all these things are in place to protect us from the impact of any kind of commodities like.
Jay Van Sciver: Just on SG&A as a percentage of sales theres little bit higher than we would have expected. How do you think of that cadence throughout the year?
Pat Dugan: So when we look at our SG&A I think in our prepared remarks, we talked about a run rate of $140 million to $145 million. Its higher from a quarter a year ago because of acquisition, because of the FX impact on our  especially our European operations, and we definitely have some discrete items that were lower a year ago and some discrete items that came in as especially on the professional fee area related to some cost we incurred in the Tax Reform Act bill that was passed. So all in all, I think, you definitely see a big  an increase compared to 2017 first quarter, both when we look and study it on a run-rate basis, were probably in that  we feel very good about that $140 million to $145 million as a go forward.
Jay Van Sciver: Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Sure. This concludes our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for any closing remarks.
Tim Wesley: Okay. Thanks guys. We will talk to you again at our second quarter. Oh, see you at the Investor Conference. Bye-bye. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtech Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you, Kate. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our 2017 fourth quarter earnings call. Let me introduce everybody else who is with me in the room; Ray Betler, President and CEO; Pat Dugan, CFO; and John Mastalerz our Corporate Controller. As usual we will make our prepared remarks, and then we'll be happy to take your questions. Before starting the call, we will make some forward-looking statements, so we ask that you please review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Now, before I hand it off to Ray, Ill say one more bit of housekeeping. We have specified for our Investor Day going to be May 7, in New York in Midtown, he will provide details shortly, but in the meantime please consider and please safe the date notice and again well let you know of our detail shortly. With that, Ray go ahead.
Ray Betler: Okay. Thanks Tim. Good morning everyone, its good to talk to you today. For Wabtec 2017 was a year of transition and positioning the company for the future. We did not meet our expectations for financial operational performance, but we accomplished quite a bit during the year, and we believe that our company today is stronger and better position than it was a year ago. Our 2017 accomplishment includes the following. We made excellent progress on the Faiveley integration including changes in both people and processes. We improved our cash flow generation each quarter during the year, we continue to invest in our worldwide growth strategies. We expect to build on those accomplishment in 2018 based on our record in growing backlog, the improvements were seeing in our freight aftermarket. Our Wabtec excellence program which gives us the feel to generate cash an increase margins overtime. I can tell you that as we are all committed to once again demonstrate our ability to deliver profitability consistent growth this year and in years ahead and well explain that to you how we plan to accomplish that throughout this call. So, before I continue, I want to turn it over to Pat and allowing to review the numbers for 2017.
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Ray. Sales for the fourth quarter were $1.08 billion and when you look at our segments the transit segment sales increased about 70%, this increase was due to acquisitions which contributed about $192 million of sales, we had organic growth of about $88 million and a favourable FX impact of about $13 million. This is the second quarterly grow weve seen organic sales growth in transit which demonstrates that our record backlog is starting to kick in. Our freights segment sales increased 7%, the first year-on-year increase since the fourth quarter of 2015. The increase is due to sales and acquisitions $27 million, a favourable FX that added about $4 million and that was offset by slightly lower organic sales of about $9 million. Sales of $364 million were the highest level for freight in six quarters and the backlog remains stable. Free aftermarket sales showed year-on-year growth for the second quarter in a row, all leads for positive indicators. Looking at our consolidating operating income, it was about $91 million. As mentioned in our press release this morning and in our preannouncement a few weeks ago, this included contract adjustments of $24 million and restructuring and integration expenses of about $18 million. The restructuring and integration expenses were for ongoing cost cutting actions and were included in both cost to sales and SG&A. The contract adjustments reflect higher than expected cost on certain existing projects and were included in the cost-of-sales line. With these contract adjustments, we've completed the review of our project portfolio and believe our U.S. and this reflects the reality of the current status for these projects. If you exclude the contract adjustments, and restructuring expenses, operating income was $133 million or about 12.4% of sales. That was lower than our target for the quarter and is due mainly to the negative product mix and some higher project costs in the UK. Going forward, our 2018 target is about 13.5% EBIT margin with an improvement expected during the year. SG&A was about $144 million including the restructuring and integration expenses, but going forward, we expect it to be about $135 million to $145 per quarter. Engineering expense and amortization cost were up mainly due to the favourable acquisition. We expect similar quarterly run-rates in 2018. Looking at our operating income per segment. In transit, if you exclude the expenses of $35 million for the contract adjustments, restructuring and integration, our transit adjusted operating income increased 191%, with an adjusted operating margin of about 9.5%. This was lower than expected due to those higher project costs in the UK I mentioned earlier. Freight, if you exclude the expenses of $6 million for the contract adjustments and restructuring and integration. Our freight adjusted operating income increased 11% with an adjusted operating margin of 20.5. In 2018, we are targeting operating margin improvements for both these segments compared to the adjusted margins in the fourth quarter. These improvements will come through better project performance, better mix as we complete our lower margin contracts and the benefits of our restructuring programs and our cost reduction programs. Interest expense for the quarter was about $18 million, and going forward, we expect interest expense to be roughly the same, although we are focused on generating cash to reduce debt and obviously reduce our interest expense. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was about 33.5%, which was affected by the new U.S. tax reform bill that was passed in December of '17. In the quarter, we've recorded following impacts from the bill: expense of about $55 million for the repatriation in tax, and a benefit of $47 million for a reduction in our deferred tax liabilities. This resulted in a net expense from the U.S. tax reform in the fourth quarter of about $8 million. Excluding this, the company's effective tax rate in the quarter was 22.9%. Our 2018 assumption is very similar about 23.5% for effective tax rate. And remember, thats an annual estimate, the individual quarters will vary due to discrete the timing of any street items. Okay, just a hope with a little bit with the map in the fourth quarter EPS, I just going to kind of walk you through a bridge from GAAP to our adjusted EPS. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.51, contract adjustments restructuring and integration expenses and tax item against EPS by a total of $0.39. So, our adjusted EPS was $0.90. So, just to reconcile we start with $0.51 on a GAAP basis, add back contract adjustments and cost to sales of about $0.18, add back restructuring and integration expenses which are split between cost to sales and SG&A of an additional $13 million -- $0.13 excuse me, add back the impact of our tax reform which is about $0.08 and that gets us to a net income per diluted share excluding those items of about $0.90 for the fourth quarter. A similar reconciliation for the full year is in our press release, but Ill just walk you through that really quickly. Our net income per diluted share in accordance to GAAP to $2.72, you add back the year-to-date contract adjustments and cost to sale thats about $0.32, you add back our restructuring and integration cost which are elements of both cost to sales and SG&A thats another $0.30 and you add back any other items which were mainly tax related were about $0.09 and that gets us to a net income per diluted share excluding the items above of about $3.43 for the year. Our balance sheet remains strong, it provides us the financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We have an investment grade rating and meeting our goal is to maintain that we expect to maintain at investment grade credit rating. Cash from operations, we finished with a good quarter generating a $162 million of cash from operations and thats impart due to improve working capital performance. Working capital consistent of receivables of about $801 million, inventories were about $743 million and payables were about $553 million. In addition, we had unbilled receivables of $366 million which are offset by customer deposits of about $370 million. Cash at year-end on the balance sheet about $233 million mostly outside the US. At year-end we had GAAP of about $1.87 billion or about almost $1.9 billion and that consisted of about $750 million or 10 years senior notes, $250 million of bonds, a term loan balance of about $370 million and a revolver of $80 million. Taking this into account, our net debt-to-EBITDA is about three times. As in prior years, I just want to remind everybody that our cash from operation tends to increase during the year for a variety of reasons. We expect to see an only a slightly positive number in Q1 with improving to build throughout the year. Just a couple of miscellaneous items that to help you all, our depreciation for the quarter was $70 million compared to $40 million in last years quarter and for the full year of 2018 we expect it to be about $70 million. Amortization expense was $9.5 million compared to $6.6 million of last year's quarter. And for the year of 2018, we expected to be about $38 million. Our CapEx, our capital expenditures in the quarter were $29 million versus $19 million a year ago. And in 2017, our CapEx spending was $90 million and we are budgeting about $120 million for 2018. So, information of our backlog. We had another good quarter for generating new orders that you can see from the numbers we've reported in the press release. At year-end, our multiyear backlog was a record $4.6 billion, and our book-to-bill on the fourth quarter was 106. Our rolling 12-month backlog which is a subset of the multiyear number was at a record $2.3 billion a 2% increase compared to the end of the third quarter, which is a positive sign heading into 2018. So, with that, I'll turn it back over to Ray.
Ray Betler: Okay Pat, thank you. Before I go into guidance for 2018, and I want to make couple of comments about our long-term vision. Our long-term vision for this company hasn't changed. We believe that we have a strong growth opportunity over next 5 years to continue to accomplish what we've done in the past and path as we believe that we very much have a roadmap to get there in our 2018 plan is the starting point for that. So, with that, I'd like to go into the guidance. For the year, we expect our revenues to be about $4.1 billion, with adjusted earnings per diluted share of about $3.80, excluding restructuring and integration charges. Compared to 2017, this would represent revenue growth of about 6% and adjusted EPS growth of about 11%. Our adjusted first quarter EPS in 2018 is expected to be similar to our adjusted EPS of fourth quarter 2017. We expect to generate cash from operations in excess of net income. Our key assumptions include the following: Revenue growth in both of our segments as Pat said, our consolidated operating margin target for the year is about 13.5%; Pat mentioned, we should see improvements during the year through better project performance and as we complete our margin contracts and bleed those out. We get the benefit of restructuring and also cost reduction programs. Our tax rate is expected to be about 23.5% for the year. We're assuming diluted shares outstanding will be about $95 million for EPS calculation purposes. So, our goals in 2018 are very straightforward to meet our financial plan, to generate cash to investing growth opportunities while strengthening our balance sheet and to capture the synergies and growth we expect from the Faiveley acquisition. So, let's talk about synergies. Relative to integration in our synergy plan, we are ahead of schedule, but I can also say that the integration has been more complex, more difficult and taking more effort than we anticipated. In 2017, we generated about $30 million of synergies compared to our target of $15 million to $20 million. In 2018, we expect to achieve an additional $15 million. You'll recall, our target for the first three years is at least $50 million, so we are ahead of that pace and expect that to continue. Were generating strategies through supply chain efficiencies, operational excellence and the cost savings by leveraging our engineering and illustrative capabilities through planned consolidations and specific items that include sourcing where we have a combined spend of almost $2 billion annually which gives us great leverage on our suppliers. Weve optimized our product portfolio and moved product development where we offer similar products we have selected the best in class from each company in each geographical market and we have eliminated redundant product development and R&D cost. Facility consolidations to date, weve closed or our consolidated about half of dozen facilities and we are also leveraging our combined geographical footprint to reduce spending on new facilities. An example is the Faiveley existing India facility, where we are utilizing that for the GE locomotive contract as opposed to build the inventory plan there. So, to summarize, the integration has been a bit more complex than we expected, but we are ahead of our synergy plan and we intend to keep it at that way. So, lets now talk about the stated business in both transit and freight for 2018. On the transit side, with the acquisition of Faiveley and the integration our transit business has transformed into a truly global player. Overtime that should mean more visibility, stability, better growth opportunities both organically and through acquisitions improved margins as we benefit from the increase scale and market share and as the aftermarket revenues continue to grow. Currently the stated of transit market worldwide is strong, the investment in public transportation continues to grow. Were particularly excited about the growth opportunities in India where the Indian Government just announced the 13% budget increase for Indian railways including new lines, double tracking and new investments and locomotives, freight cars and passenger filters. In the UK, network rail just proposed a five-year plan with a 25% increase in spending operations, maintenance from fleet renewal. The Danish state railways DSB plans to inject 13 billion into its existing network. And in the US, New York City loan has placed one of the largest orders in its history and his subway cars. In Atlanta, Marta just announced the plan to replace its entire fleet. So, our position within the market continues to strengthen during 2017 our backlog increased about 20% as we booked orders in all major markets in all our major product categories and with all our major customers. The projects includes supplying components to the systems for new cars to London underground, for the high speed, ICE trains in Germany, for the new PGV trains in Metro Paris Cars in France and for New Metro cars throughout India. During the fourth quarter, we also had organic sales of about 20% as some of that backlog is starting to kick in. But remember, that these OEM orders typically lead to long term aftermarket contracts, which provide revenues and good profitability for 30 to 40 years. Now let's move to the freight market. On the freight rail side, we see a mix of the improving and still challenging market conditions. In NAFTA, freight rail traffic was up about 5% in 2017. It's flat so far this year, but some of that could be weather related. We still see a lot of rolling stock and storage about 40% for freight cars about 15% from locomotives. Although, those numbers are starting to come down a bit. I should also tell you that the type of cars and storage do not necessarily represent the type of cars that are needed for the current market requirements. Around the world, freight market conditions are mixed with growth in some areas offset by sluggish demands in others. Throughout 2017, we saw a modest pickup in our freight aftermarket revenues, but that outlook has been improving recently. We started to see more inquiries for compounding, servicing and repair and even for Locomotive overhaul Projects. Our freight backlog has been stable for the past 5 quarters. And as Pat mentioned, our fourth quarter freight revenues showed a year-on-year increase for the first time in two years. So far this year, January was a very good month for us in orders for the freight aftermarket and February appears to be tracking the same. These are all positive indicators in a high margin business. Our 2018 freight assumptions include the following. Rail CapEx which declined about 10% in 2017 is expected to be flat slightly up. New locomotives will see a slight increase worldwide but a reduction in NAFTA. New freight cars we anticipate flat to slightly up in NAFTA. Remember, the 25% of our freight segment is outside of rail and in a variety of other industrial markets which also we are forecasting a slight improvement. Let's move to train control and signalling sector. Train control and signalling remains an important part of our long-term growth strategy. In the fourth quarter, our revenues in this area were $103 million, the highest quarter of the year. We ended the year $322 million, and we expect about 5% growth from this product line in 2018 as our customers push to meet the regulatory deadlines. During the fourth quarter, we booked about $140 million of new train control contracts to provide equipment. Project management and wholesale aftermarket services for various customers. We announced the $62 million PTC contract was settled in last week, other orders include multiyear service agreements with each of the class ones. Also, in 2017, we completed negotiations and booked all of our master service agreements with class ones, several commuter agencies and international customers which represent a strong foundation of over $50 million annually of PTC service revenue. In addition, as we are focused on helping customers meet their deadlines in the near term, we are also investing to ensure that we capture long-term growth opportunities for instance our largest single investment and the product development is decide to maintain our leadership position in the North America PTC market and to leverage our PTC install base for follow on features and functionality. Long-term we expect PTC and signal will be a growth business for Wabtec based on the following opportunities. Multiyear maintenance and service agreements including software and product enhancements, international growth, project business and continued growth in signalling through organic investment and acquisitions. So, lets move to acquisitions. Just a comment on the fourth quarter during the quarter we acquired three companies AM General, [Melett and Actium Rail] combined and represent about $85 million of annual sales. AM General manufactures fire protection and systems that distinguish fires on trains and these are becoming a requirement throughout Europe. It has patented infrared technology solutions for both rail and industrial markets and brings a strong aftermarket presence for both components and services. AMs growth opportunities included expanding retrofit markets over the next five years driven by European Union Regulations, which have already started in countries like Italy. Melett is a leader in design, manufacturing and supply of replacement parts for a high-performance turbocharger aftermarket. You know, we have a turbocharger for our business, we have actually four businesses in this area, so it represents a nice complement in those businesses with operations in the UK, Europe, North America and China, Melett provide turbo reconditioning, remanufacturing and repair services to customers in more than 100 countries around the world that provide our existing our turbocharger business with an extensive and low-cost manufacturing and distribution banks throughout Europe and in China. Axium manufactured bogies and adaptable suspension systems for freight cars, so this business complements our standard car truck business very well. Its products reduce track noise and minimize maintenance requirements for customers. Axium complements our prior portfolio with geographical expansion opportunities in a wide range of spare parts and comprehensive aftermarket service. So back to long-term, Im going to wrap with my prepared comments by talking about our long-term outlook. During 2017, we completed our first strategic plan as an indicated company, now with a benefit of stabilize worldwide transit presence to go along with our strong worldwide market position in freight, and growing demand for PTC and signalling. This five-year plan meets our long-term financial goals to average double-digit growth in revenues and earnings through the business cycle with improving margins. To achieve these goals, we have growth initiatives in each of our major product lines consistent with our four corporate TG objectives to grow through new product development and technologies to grow through global and market expansion, to grow through aftermarket expansion and to grow through acquisitions. Five years from now we expect to be stronger, more global, more balanced more profitable and a less cyclical company. Finally, to reiterate some of my comments at the beginning of the call. I think we will look back on 2017 as the year of transition and positioning the company for the future. We accomplished quite a bit during the year, and we all believe that our company today is much stronger and better positioned than it was a year ago. We expect to build on those accomplishments during 2018 based on our record and growing backlog. The improvements we're seeing in the freight aftermarket area and our Wabtec excellence program which gives us fuel to increase margins through cost efficiencies, cost reductions and operational improvements. And we are all committed to once again demonstrating our ability to deliver profitable consistent growth in 2018 and in all the years ahead. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer-session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Ray, you've talked about a number of obviously contract wins on transit. I believe the integration coming in a bit ahead. Can you maybe talk about any of those projects that then you want to need at a high level? Was any of that due to the integration of Faiveley with Wabtec and are you noticing an increasing product content in some of these contract wins?
Ray Betler: Yeah so Allison, thanks for the question. We definitely are picking up contracts that leverage the combined capabilities of the two companies, which matter of fact, I would say every project we're bidding on transit has some complement of ex-Wabtec and ex- Faiveley equipment. And so, we're increasing our share, we're increasing our overall revenue content our volume through those and we certainly increased our geographical reach. So, a good example of that is Australia, we won $500 million worth of business over there, on the transit side. New York we're in the hunt for the business up in New York I mentioned that, it's a huge contract up in New York for 1600 vehicles for the first, it's about $4 billion investment by the NTA and the first portion of that is 535 cars. Some of the equipment that we historically would have bit obviously only equipment out of Plattsburgh outdoor and freight systems business. But now, we have a combined portfolio which has enhanced our product offerings. So, we've been able to go off road other components like supplies and things like that. So, there is a lot of leverage we're getting out of that combined portfolio.
Allison Poliniak: That's great. And then I just want to touch on the margin goal that you have last year. I know you talked about negative mix, but at the end of the Q3 call, you were still pretty confident about a 15% exit rate. What changed there, and I guess what part of that is dragging into 2018 that you weren't necessarily anticipating?
Ray Betler: Okay. We were into Q4 thinking that we were on pretty solid ground, we were still going through our project portfolio review process where we were vetting all our projects and a total portfolio from the Wabtec from the Faiveley side and we found projects at a review process that had issues that in one case related to project prolongation i.e. delays. So, lack of performance, timely performance in terms of deliveries and that equated into a review of inventories associated with that project which resulted in us having to take charges associated with reconfiguring, replacing wants to obsolete inventories. So, you had extra engineering cost, you had extra project wins from products, time is money. And the end result is we finished that portfolio thankfully, it was a very difficult process through the entire year last year. We finish it, we believe we have all of our project rebase line on the transit side. Those adjustments where weve had to reduce our project margin are going to flow out into 2018. The project that I just mentioned will be finished third quarter 2018 early fourth quarter. So, theyre going to bleed out but we have to absorb them as weve revised on in that project portfolio to date. So that was a process thats included both the [indiscernible] and Wabtec faults [ph] weve come through an agreement on new project processes, were going to use from forward on how were going to uniformly state our projects and how were going to manage them.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: Yes. I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about the puts and takes for the first quarter given your guidance of about flat EPS. It sounds like the freight aftermarket is picking up and youre getting Faiveley synergies. Just wondering if you could provide more detail there. Thanks.
Ray Betler: Yeah. So, we our freight businesses thats picking up, we have some really nice aftermarket opportunities that were seeing, we had a very good year or month in January and February is continuing as I mentioned and I think the year is going to be good for the aftermarket business. Part of that is for things associated with PTC area we are picking up frankly more contracts than we anticipated, I know but its asking why were not falling off the cliff with PTC but the reality is were still booking business in PTC. We have the aftermarket in the phase, were getting business traditional overhaul business now in our service centre with things like compressor valve repair same side get, that get inquiries for low quality locomotive overhauls. We booked long-term aftermarket service agreement for components like hair dryers with one of our major customers and in the card cushioning devices. So, there is things that have rolled in Jason, that some anticipated but, but some our above even our original forecast and plan. So, I think with the bottom is freight aftermarket through both our traditional service business as well as PTC is going to be improved. And we have the record backlog in transit we have to focus on cost. And that's going to help overall with our mix. Pat?
Pat Dugan: I was just going to have that I think to just be a little more kind of focused on numbers is that the flat EPS to the fourth quarter, the first quarter we are definitely impacted by some of the spending trends in the transit area. Clearly, the fourth quarter tends to be strongest in terms of spares and aftermarket parts and the transit authorities are looking at budgets. And we see now for two years in a row with the combined Faiveley Wabtec organization that the fourth quarter can be the strongest business in the transit world. So, you have a little bit of that seasonality or spending trend if you want to call it, that definitely will impact our first quarter and that's why we're showing a kind of a first quarter consistent with the fourth.
Jason Rodgers: Alright, and as a follow up. Wondering what you're seeing on the raw material cost side of things, have you've been implementing any price increases as an offset?
Ray Betler: So, we have surcharge agreements in place for the commodity increases. And where we don't basically where we try to push those through price increases. But that's something we obviously pay very close attention to on a daily basis. And for the most part we're protected with our surcharge agreements.
Operator: The next question is from Justin Long of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Hi. First question I wanted to ask was about the operating margin guidance for 13.5% this year. I wanted to see if we could get some more colour on the assumptions within that number. Would you be able to share what you're assuming for the progression of freight margins and transit margins within that consolidated guidance?
Pat Dugan: No. We're not really prepared to start sort of forecasting any kind of margins at the segment level. That we just started driving more information in this earnings call. But as you know, I expect at both sets, both segments are going to improve kind of sequentially with as we've kind of indicated for the whole business.
Justin Long: Okay that's helpful. Thanks Pat. And secondly on PTC, so I know for the fourth quarter, you said that signalling was $130 million of revenue. But I was wondering if you could provide PTC component within that number. And also, if you could share how you're expecting that PTC component to trend within the guidance?
Ray Betler: So, in 2017, total trains and signalling was about 3.2 of that about 117 was signalling. So about 204 was about train control. And the guidance for 2018 is about 5% growth in the total. Most of that growth we expect to come in the train control PTC portion of that.
Justin Long: Okay. Thats helpful. And Ray, I think you mentioned it earlier but I know you guys have been busy working on new products that could be integrated into this PTC system and there is some opportunity there. Could you just update us on where you stand in that process? And whats a reasonable timeframe for thinking about when some of these new products or enhancement could actually start contributing to revenue?
Ray Betler: So, we have product roadmaps that includes things as straight forward as upgrading the CPU cards and PTC computer, PTC onboard controller and enhancing our overall operational efficiencies through new functional, functionality in that controller utilizing the data analytics and monitoring equipment that we can continue to quietly grow and acquire, we have new technology business last year, Track IQ which is and acoustic monitoring the device that is kind of our mega sensor. it underlays in the infrastructure and goes for about a $1 million to $2 million. We are delivering equipment to the Australian customers through track IQ we fund the new technology to enhance that its a visual data analytics health monitoring system that we can integrate. So, those are the kinds of things that were dealing. So, were investing in R&D, product development as well as acquisitions. And were actually generating incremental revenue now. Long-term, our largest R&D project is in the autonomous operation area that product roadmap is really about the five years to 10-year time period. But the five years would be for the development and 10 years would be for adaptation. So, its progressing along pretty well, were investing significantly in its technology that has not been inconceivable application as you know from the mass transit side and all the discussions that are going on trucking. I think there is more receptivity actually today by class ones, the government is putting a lot of pressure as you know from the recent congressional hearings on agencies to implement short-term PTC requirements to meet to the mandate, we have incremental to support there. So, overall, were putting investments in technology and resources and were dividing incremental revenues currently.
Operator: The next question is from Sam Eisner of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sam Eisner: Just going back to your guidance comments, I want to better understand. When youre talking topline you said both segments were going to grow. Is that a total revenue comment? Is that organic comment. Maybe you could parse out the difference between those two segments and those two components of it?
Ray Betler: Yeah. Its a total revenue comment and they are both anticipated growth we have a record backlog in the transit side and the freight business is picking up basically in all areas. We anticipate the freight car will might be down this year prior to this year, this time a year ago, but it's not, it's going to be flat or up on the OEM side, which is definitely growing, we are picking the business up from some of the aftermarket and PTC on the freight side is going to grow as Tim just mentioned.
Sam Eisner: I see. So maybe jumping into the components of that, you guys historically used to give locomotive and railcar deliveries. I might have missed it before, I am not sure you guys gave that anyway to kind a give us your outlook for the industry and what you think those delivery numbers might be?
Pat Dugan: So, in North America NAFTA for freight cars, last year was around, 2017 was around $45,000. We think it will be flat to slightly up in 2018. The locomotive number I think ended up for 2017 around 400 to 500 again for NAFTA. That's going to be lower probably in the 200 to 300 range.
Ray Betler: Yeah and that's really the only area that's going to reduce this year in the market is the North America is going to be the locomotive. So, everything else is trending on.
Sam Eisner: Got it that's helpful there. And again, just going back to the transit. I mean pretty strong organic performance there. Is there timing of deliveries that are impacting that? I mean obviously now your business is becoming more of a project-based business rather than necessarily a component or aftermarket base business. So, I'm just curious how should we think about timing of various deliveries going forward. Is there a particular big contract that was delivered this quarter and kind of what's really the outlook that we should be thinking about?
Ray Betler: So, we have couple hundred projects in our project portfolio on the transit side. And those get the delivery. The project is normally 3 to 5 years to get delivered over about 2 to 3-year period because of first year is basically engineering, design and development work and the last year is commissioning and warranty. So those are all programmed out and the backlog and yeah, we have very specific project schedules and timelines associated with those. And there are all different phases of completion as we speak. And we think that's going to continue to grow all this so as we continue to book orders our backlog will continue to grow and we'll be able to program those out pretty definitively over future years.
Sam Eisner: And if I can just sneak one more in. The first quarter guidance for EPS. What is the tax rate that you guys are assuming if you did say that is actually that's going to jump around a little bit throughout the course of the year, thanks?
Ray Betler: So, we have 23.5% is the tax rate we assume for each quarter. Which is our full year estimate.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey thanks good morning guys. So, I wanted to just talk on the revenue guidance. So, fourth quarter I think organic sales up like 13%. Looks like you're guiding on a 4 to 5 same store revenue growth for '18. So maybe give us some of the puts and takes on what's driving the deceleration in '18 relative to what you just saw in fourth quarter?
Pat Dugan: Yeah. So, we didn't -- so I'm going to just kind a coming describe it kind of the anecdotally -- bridge from the two quarters, but the two biggest things that really impacts us is as youre going to have the transit service business which we found is that Q4 tends to be the strongest where were delivering spare parts and then other aftermarket types of things to our customer especially in Europe and overseas. And that is definitely our strongest area. And represents kind of a normal process, we used to see it in the Wabtec standalone business its just wasnt material and now we see that definitely that is creates a sales job in the fourth quarter versus the first quarter. Were also a little bit impact of the electronics areas where we see good sales in the fourth quarter and that tends to slow a little bit in the first. So those are the two big items that really change the sales, timing and mix quarter-to-quarter.
Scott Group: Okay. Helpful. Pat, I think last quarter youve guided us to $115 million to $125 million a quarter of SG&A and now its up to on a $135 million to $140 million. Whats the delta there?
Pat Dugan: Yeah. That sounds -- I have to go back and check that we talked about, I mean clearly, were running a little bit higher on the SG&A, when going into 2018. Weve done is as we are definitely incurring some extra cost in investments in some of our infrastructure for the functional areas of our business as we combine the Wabtec and Faiveley area, were still making investments in systems in business processes to really improve our performance. We have a little bit of related to sort of compensation and incentive compensation last year it was kind of low for us, but were kind of getting back to normal in the whole thing. And then lastly, we did the acquisitions in the fourth quarter. And when you add those acquisitions that increases the SG&A on a run-rate.
Scott Group: Okay. Make sense. Just last couple of quick ones. You mentioned a couple of times really good January orders and freight aftermarket. Can you just put a number around that? How much they were up year-over-year or something like that?
Pat Dugan: The whole orders in January?
Scott Group: Well, you made a couple of comment, a couple of references to how good January freight aftermarkets were?
Ray Betler: Maybe rather than give you a next full number, Scott they were up by about 10% on what we have in our plan for January. So, in that plan for new orders, we were about 10% above that.
Scott Group: Okay. And then maybe just my final one, I think you mentioned that you have a something youre working thats going to have ability to trains to be sort of autonomous within five years and then take a period of time to get implemented. Can you just add some more colour in terms of what youre working on?
Ray Betler: Yeah. Were working on basically a failsafe technology, and failsafe office systems that would allow the trains to communicate, train and train to offset which will eliminate the requirement for where is that equipment in major savings as well as allow you to take people out [indiscernible].
Operator: The next question is from Matt Elkott of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Matt Elkott: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I want to ask a broader question about the margin guidance for 2018. So, you guys are calling for roughly 6% revenue growth and meaningful part of that should come from the freight aftermarket business which as you noted earlier is a high margin business. And I understand there is some transitory project cost that are continuing in 2018, but that there should be subsiding towards the back half of the year. So, the margin guidance given where the growth the top line growth is coming from seems to me just a bit light at 40 basis points. How much of that is related to the SG&A cost that you just mentioned in the previous question?
Ray Betler: Yes, I think the impact -- I mean SG&A that's a little bit of it. but you also you have the acquisition contribution margins coming through related to that the incremental SG&A. So, it's not entirely all because of the SG&A going up. And what I think that the more R&D impacts more is these projects that we've taken adjustments on in Q3 to Q4 really are the catch-up kind of cumulative impact on margins. But then you still have a project with a run out rate that's not kind of typical and not in our average for transit and freight projects. And so, we to deal with that a little bit in the margin and in the first half of the year. The average is definitely 13.5, we expect to end higher, we're not ready to kind of give EBIT margin by quarter. but that's what we have for the year.
Pat Dugan: And then one of the -- maybe we have shown to you. It was, this is the first year we have a volumes up fully integrated budget. Last year we closed for sub-December, we would just put businesses together. We kind of lined up two budgets, that I think the budget that we put together is one that, bought into its bottoms up, it's management team's budget and it's a budget we believe we can deliver. So, in a slightly different way I think people feel better about the budget this time than what they did this time last year.
Matt Elkott: Got it, that's very helpful. I think that the freight business the $9 million organic sale decreased in the fourth quarter. When you were thinking about your 2018 guidance, where does this number, this decline to the moderate, does it stay stable or could there be organic growth in 2018?
Pat Dugan: At this stage definitely, organic growth in '18. We have for a couple of reasons. Number one, freight car sales are going to go up, we have international business opportunities, we have the benefit of full year revenues associated with acquisition companies that were in the freight area. A good example of adding ATP where we buy company that does gates and hatches for vehicles. So, were not and really get to full year benefit of ATP we will get at the international growth associated with ATP. And then on top of all that is the PTC area which Ive mentioned before. I know people are frustrated about PTC, because they expect its to be gone away and dont understand why it hasnt, but its actually going to go up for us in 2018.
Matt Elkott: I think there is one railroad thats already announced that they were not going to be 100% compliant by the current date, we could see that from other railroads. But does that have any impact on the cadence of your PTC revenues if we see more railroads say we need some more time?
Pat Dugan: Well, the only point maybe answers your question by historical. Look, when everything was supposed to be done in 2015 had a benefit the work would be so very increasing our revenue quantitative. So, our goal is to support our customers they have great capable resources and, its been also huge programs theyve committed flat to up CapEx, theyve injected a lot of CapEx up to now, weve tried to work with them side-by-side and were looking for every opportunity to support them as we can through whats going to end up a very difficult call year in the lot of scrutiny and always site always because the unfortunate accident that we recently occurred its on transit and see its excellent.
Matt Elkott: Got it. Just a one quick follow up on the aftermarket freight. You said that you have a second sequential year-over-year growth. Is there any way you can tell us by magnitude was this quarter growth is higher or lower than last quarters growth?
Pat Dugan: I think it was pretty similar. Percentage wise its pretty similar.
Matt Elkott: Okay. And just one final question on a different subject where you mentioned the MCA orders in New York. There is also a plan or proposal to build a street car between Brooklyn and Queens, the street car projects going planned or ongoing around the country. Are you guys -- do you have content in these street cars. And if so can you give us an idea how it compares to your content in the subway cars, I would imagine floor?
Ray Betler: Well, its still in the volume base only because the street car is expensive than a metro car. But, it bounces out a little bit because your lower volumes and lower volumes and so resulting higher price. So, but our content is about the same per car on a percentage of total wise. We have similar technologies, we can offer, we have breaking systems stapler for, so we have a quite a bit content on our systems around the country. And again, were in a 60% to 70% market share position for that particularly market sector also.
Operator: The next question is from Saree Boroditsky of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you. So as the transit process lower margins will add in 2018. Do you expect margins to step up more significantly in 2019? I know it's early, but just some general comments will be helpful as it [indiscernible] earnings power of that business.
Ray Betler: Yeah, so we expect our margins to improve year-on-year in every one of our businesses, that's a requirement that we give to our group presidents and operating team. And they achieved that through really multiple ways, one is through growth, one is through cost reductions we do a mandate for 2% improvement year-on-year on the cost side. Part of that is offsetting inflation material cost it was brought up before. But some of that should drop to the bottom line. And then if you look at our five-year strategic plan which I know you can't, but we can, it shows growth year-on-year in every one of our segments.
Saree Boroditsky: I guess rephrasing the question a little bit. How much of a burden do you think some of these lower margin projects are in 2018 on a transit side that goes away if those can roll off?
Ray Betler: Yeah, Saree. It should drive on a business so there is no question about it. There are projects that are breakeven or large projects. And we always seek at that, we don't want to get that level and we don't want to bid at that level. So, once we go out of our total portfolio, project portfolio where the margins still continue to go up.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay that's helpful. And then just a follow up. I appreciate the colour on the locomotive deliveries in 2018. I was wondering if you thought that will be the trough in North America or will it continue to be a challenging market in 2019.
Ray Betler: Yeah, I do think it's going to be the trough. And I guess one of the things we should mention is going into a year where we put our strap plan together midyear last year. we actually thought it was going to be worse than even that sector worse than what it was turning up to, we get -- from each of our customers and midyear last year GE was of the opinion that they may not end up with any new OEM locomotives. And here they are, they come out at a box in January with 200 new locomotives. So, we saw that, and we're on those loco. And so, we saw that as a pretty nice surprise the timing of that order.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Brooklier of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier: Yeah thanks good morning. So, I had another PTC question, what for '18, what are you assuming in terms of contribution from PTC aftermarket and services. I think you've had mentioned the number but I just wanted to get a little bit more colour on what that business is potentially yielding for you in '18?
Ray Betler: Yeah. So, Matt I mentioned the $50 million as full year run rate on MSAs that we have already booked. So, there is possibility where throughout the year, they wont become class 1 any longer, because we have those in our backlog, but we could book more in the commuter side. So, they would be smaller than the class 1, but they are still significant in terms of margins generation. So, $50 million minimum, I would say.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. Thats good to hear, it sounds like thats the baseline. And then I guess is freight and the agencies as they go live with their systems that would contribute to that number potentially I guess moving upwards as....
Ray Betler: Right.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then is the mindset still you still think you can potentially garner like 5% to 10% of the total PTC install base that could result in kind of the baseline of aftermarket revenue on the go forward basis, is that 5% to 10% number is still a good number to use?
Ray Betler: Yes. We believe that well be able to meet or exceed that.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. Thats helpful. And then you mentioned earlier on the call Faiveley, youre ahead of the synergy expectations. Maybe if you can provide a little bit colour in terms of what resulted in you guys been able to I guess garner incremental synergies ahead of the original $50 million this year. And I guess whats the potential for there to be -- the potential for upside synergies with Faiveley as we work through the rest of the integration?
Ray Betler: So, I think when we put our plan together we programmed it on a three-year period, we try to be very impressive about how we managed that, weve still have [Indiscernible] pushing constantly on a fixed salary cost improvements and integration process. So, you guys probably anticipated, it was conservative the plan we put forward, but it was, until we got into it we really didnt know how quickly wed be able to accelerate. We got some quite wins, we got wins where we close service shop in three port the Louisiana very early on, we consolidated to a Salt Lake City. We have an opportunity move some product lines into service shop. So, were moving some -- there is some that have a lot of mass that we can do faster and an example of that is down in Greenville, where Faiveley had the largest operation and we have large transit freight business. Were consolidating those, weve mentioned that before and integrating those businesses. So, were pushing as fast as we can on all those projects like that, there is just a lot of complexity and mass that will show those will take longer. That one we anticipate will get into this year all the planning done and the initial work is behind us, but the actual implementation come this year. So, once we could get done faster, we pushed on in the other ones, Id say is pretty much on track, we are looking for more too into your question, were looking for more over the next year two years for other opportunities for further consolidation. Now we focused on cost improvement, we want to drive our cost structure improvements family to get the benefit that we would have anticipated because of some of the project performance issues that offset the benefit at the end of the day last year.
Operator: The next question is from Kate Pettem of Rathbone. Please go ahead.
Kate Pettem: Hello, I've got three quick cash flow questions and then couple of extra questions please. How much did you spend in cash terms on restructuring and integration in 2017 and what would you expect for 2018? And then is working capital where you wanted to be or can improvements be made? And then the final one on CapEx. You used to spend about $50 million a year before Faiveley, now you're spending 120 in this coming year. Is that a permanent increase and what do you spending it on?
Ray Betler: Okay. So, starting with CapEx number. I would say that the Wabtec is historically is kind of understanding the CapEx area we would always have a conservative budget, but we tend to in the process of making sure that the projects were providing the payback that we expect we would come in under our budget. I expect that we will have a little bit of that in the 120 but I think it's a good conservative number. There are clearly some cost expenditures rather in that 120 that is related to the ongoing synergy plan and also some of the CapEx plans that came over and executing there. There is strategic plan that is continuing -- where we invest in some plants in Eastern Europe and also in India. So, it's kind a onetime I would expect that number to come down a little bit.
Kate Pettem: Okay.
Ray Betler: Working capital. We need to improve working capital. It's been for us -- it's been throughout the year a slow improvement. I went back and looked, our accounts receivable DSOs did improve in the second half of the year, our inventory DSIs improved in the second half of the year. And other assets here related to contract investments were offset by deposits. But we need to do better and so we didn't do so well at the first half of the year that we will be able to make up the difference. We expect to get back as our goal is always been is that our cash from operations will exceed our net income and thats what everybody gets measured on around here and we expect to achieve.
Kate Pettem: Is that in 2018?
Ray Betler: Absolutely.
Kate Pettem: Okay, thank you. And then on cash spent on restructuring and integration?
Ray Betler: Okay. Yeah, we're kind a pulling that together. So, we definitely had -- our exit rate now is about $60 million we're spent on restructuring. Some of that on a cash flow basis where cost have been recognized or accrued at the end of '16 and paid in '17. And then you throw in the cost that we would have added back in the 2017 results. So that's about $60 million in total when you have added those two things together.
Kate Pettem: Okay. And then in 2018?
Ray Betler: 2018 I think we conservatively have an estimate that we think, and this is not in our guidance, we exclude restructuring in our guidance.
Kate Pettem: This is the cash number on interested in?
Ray Betler: Yeah. So, we would spend about $10 million.
Kate Pettem: Okay. So, the bulk of that spend is now done, is thats the right way to think about it is?
Ray Betler: I think so that were constantly going to be looking at opportunities to generate synergies. So, thats kind of the...
Kate Pettem: Yeah. Of course. Yeah. Okay. Now, the two other questions, the first one is I got a little bit confused, so in the tax of your initial tax that youre talk about start-up cost and the project in the UK. And then in India so about what went wrong on guidance in Q4, you talked about some project cost. Are they, is that the same project? Or those are two different projects?
Ray Betler: Yes.
Kate Pettem: Okay. And these are what projects exactly?
Ray Betler: So, Kate, we dont really talk about specific project and customers, but its a large project.
Kate Pettem: Large project, that is in the UK and is it with one of the train operators or is that with TFL?
Ray Betler: No, its not with TFL.
Kate Pettem: Okay. All right. And then the last question is, given how bad the industry bodies have been at predicting growth in freight and locomotives, they didnt see the downturn coming, they were too conservative this year. Is that something that you use religiously when you give us our guidance or make your own budgets. Or are you now sort of questioning that and tweaking things on your own?
Tim Wesley: Yes. Kate this is Tim. That certainly is one thing we look at, but its obviously based on a lot of discussions that we have, detail discussions that fall the customers, some at looking at industry information, industry data thats out there available that probably everybody. And then again detail discussions with customer and we roll that out into our assumptions for the year.
Kate Pettem: Okay. I guess my question just kind of asking to is particularly since the downturn in freight was so sudden and caught us at me over in the UK off guard. How have you changed your predicting? And how -- what information do you look at that you didnt used to look at before to give you confidence when you make your plans? And this is my last question.
Ray Betler: Yeah. So, Kate, we look at every piece of information we can possibly get, we again talk with our direct customers and then their customers were looking at industry trends, were looking at traffic, were looking at commodity changes, for instance in the oil and gas industry with [stage more, rates are being throughout mile as a result there is more white sand fracking has been a lot of sand] [ph]. So, we are constantly monitoring the trends in the market to our marketing people, our customers and our service folks.
Kate Pettem: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Ray Betler: And I should say also budget were reviewing the budgets of our end users constantly too.
Operator: The next question is a follow up from Justin Long from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks for the taking a follow up, I know its been a long call, but Pat I did want to just check on a couple of items on the guidance really quick. First, you mentioned $15 million of synergies, I just wanted to clarify is that a net synergy number. And then second could you talk about the impacts from FX that youre assuming for both the topline and bottom line in 2018?
Pat Dugan: Okay in terms of FX, we're using as current rate as we can. I mean that's unless what you mean in terms of guidance. I don't think it's, clearly, there is a little bit of improvement that we have from last year, but I don't think that going forward it's going to change that much. In the fourth quarter, we did talk about the impact of FX and it was about $17 million on sales. But it wasn't material to the bottom line.
Justin Long: Okay, stable rates from today?
Pat Dugan: Yeah exactly. I think that's we tend to have a kind of a natural hedge in terms of all our currencies. I mean we've got pound euro exposure, Australian dollar and some of our cost and some of our Canadian are our cost only. So all-in-all I think it's pretty stable.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. And then the synergy number, the $15 million was that a net number or a gross synergy number.
Ray Betler: Are you asking a net of cost incurred or it was just net synergies? Because in my mind it's just synergies we're going to achieve. We don't include the cost to achieve those synergies in that number.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. There are no questions at this time. This concludes our question-and-answer-session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for closing remarks.
Tim Wesley: Okay thanks again everybody for being on the call. So, we'll talk to you again in a couple of months with the first quarter results. And then again mark your calendars for May 7 our Investor Day in New York City and watch for more details. Thanks, have a good day.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our 2017 third quarter earnings call. Let me introduce everybody else who is with me in the room; Ray Betler, President and CEO; Pat Dugan, our CFO; and our Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz. We will make some prepared remarks, as normal, and then we'll be happy to take your questions. Before starting the call we will make some forward looking statements, so we ask that you please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Ray, go ahead and get started.
Ray Betler: Okay, thank you, Tim. Good morning everyone. If you exclude expenses for contract adjustments, restructuring, and integration actions, our third quarter results were in line with our expectation. During the quarter, our transit business once again grew its record backlog, winning orders around the world. Our freight revenues and backlog have remained mostly flat for the past four quarters, indicating a level of stability, and we are seeing a slight pickup in the U.S. aftermarket. Our adjusted operating margins improved sequentially, and we expect a strong finish to the year based on our existing backlog and increasing synergies. We also continue to make meaningful progress in the Faiveley integration, and just completed our first strategic planning process with Faiveley as part of Wabtec, less than one year after the integration and acquisition process. We're even more excited today about our worldwide growth opportunities and our ability to drive margin improvement through the application of lean in the Wabtec Excellence Program. During today's call, we'll cover all these details. So let's get started. Let's talk about third quarter and full-year. For the third quarter, we had adjusted EPS of $0.88 that excludes expenses of $0.04 for restructuring and integration, and $0.14 for contract adjustments. The adjustments reflect higher than expected costs on certain existing contracts based on our most recent project reviews. In these reviews, we had the benefit of using the best combined technologies, processes, and practices from the legacy Wabtec and Faiveley businesses. We believe our revised estimates reflect the reality in the current situation for these projects. We aren't discussing their specific contracts for competitive and customary reasons, but the $20 million that we booked, $15 million was in transit, $5 million was in freight. Today, we also updated our guidance for the full year. We now expect revenues of about $3.8 billion and EPS of $3.45 to $3.50 excluding expenses for restructuring, integration, and contract adjustments. Compared to our prior guidance, we've reduced revenue by about $50 million as some projects already in backlog are ramping up slower than we had expected. Our operating margin target for the fourth quarter remains at about 15%, which would demonstrate continued progress on the Faiveley integration. And based on this guidance, we're expecting the fourth quarter to be the strongest quarter of the year. Even so, we are still operating in a challenging freight environment, which means we have to continue to stay focused on controlling those things we can. That means being disciplined with it comes to costs, taking actions to right size our business, properly mobilizing for new transit projects, and continuing the effective integration process with Faiveley so we can continue to capture synergies and the growth that we expect. Positive developments, as I stated at the outset, we remain excited about our future growth opportunities and the positive developments we saw during the third quarter. Our backlog increased once again to a record $4.5 billion, which is a positive indicator for future organic growth. Our operating margin adjusted for restructuring and contract expenses was slightly higher in the first half, despite a slight mix shift toward lower margin transit revenues. We continue to make strategic progress especially with the Faiveley integration. We're on track to deliver $15 million to $20 million of synergies in 2017, and we continue to gain confidence that our long-term synergy target of at least $50 million in year-three is conservative. We're driving synergies through supply chain efficiencies, operational excellence, and cost savings, and by leveraging our engineering and administrative capabilities. Longer term synergies are focused on facilities consolidation, global and market expansion, and product portfolio rationalization along with new product development. Another positive step is an acquisition we closed just as after the quarter ended. We acquired a company called AM General Contractor. That company is a manufacturer of fire protection and extinguishing systems mainly for transit rail cars. Based in Europe, AM General has annual sales of about $25 million. AM General offers a patented infrared technology solution for both rail and industrial markets. And it brings a strong aftermarket presence for both components and services. Its gross opportunities, including and expanding retrofit market for the next five years driven by European Union regulations. In addition, AM's technology offers expansion opportunities in geographical markets such as the U.K., India, and China. Now, let's turn to the strategic planning process. Also during the quarter, we completed our first strategic plan as an integrated company, now with the benefit of Faiveley's contribution from the worldwide transit presence. Lastly, we presented the plan to our Board and it was enthusiastically received. The five-year plan meets our long-term financial goals to average double-digit growth in revenues and earning through the business cycle, while improving margins. To achieve these goals, we have growth initiatives in each of our major product lines, consistent with our corporate strategic growth strategies, to continue to grow through new products and technologies, to continue to growth through market expansion, to continue to grow through aftermarket expansion, and to continue to pursue acquisitions which are strategic fit. We plan to, for example, embark on major technology initiatives to maintain our leadership position in the North America PTC market and to leverage our PTC installed base for follow on features and functionality. We plan to invest in technology to develop new generation products in all key segments to help our customers improve productivity and efficiency. And we expect to do this while improving our margins, our quality, customer satisfaction, and our safety. Five years from now, we expect to be a much stronger, more global, more balanced, and less cyclical company. We are in the early stages of planning for our next Investor Day meeting that will be held in early 2018. And we look forward to sharing some of the strategic planning objectives and information with you at that event. Now to turn to transit segment, with the acquisition of Faiveley, our transit business has transformed Wabtec into a truly global player where many other markets are larger and more stable than our traditional U.S. markets. Over time that should mean more visibility, stability, better growth opportunities both organically and through acquisitions, and improve margins as we benefit from the increased scale market share and aftermarket. During the quarter, we had organic sales growth of about 3%. We booked several significant orders and we continue to bid on others. Our backlog remains at a record high which bodes well organic growth next year. Recently, we have won orders in all major worldwide markets, in all major product categories, and with all major customers. Many of those represent repeat or option orders which demonstrates our customer satisfaction with us as a supplier. All of this demonstrates our improving market position globally. For example, we were awarded more than a 100 million of contracts by Alstom and Bombardier to supply the first 71 train sets of new generation double deck trains for regional network around Paris. Under the contracts, we will provide complete braking systems, door systems, HVAC systems, and pantographs. Deliveries are expected to start by September 2018 and to be completed by 2022. This is all part of a framework contract which means orders could go up to and into 255 trains. Other orders include brake systems for both transit in Canada, MBTA, and Indian Railways, Couplers for MBTA, and Swiss National Railways, air-conditioning for Caltrain and Deutsche Bahn in Germany and aftermarket services in U.K. And remember that these OEM orders typically lead to long term aftermarket contracts which provide high margin revenue and profitability through -- for 30 to 40 years in the aftermarket segment. On the freight rail side, we continue to face some short-term challenges. But our freight revenues and backlog have been stable for the past four quarters which is a positive indicator. In North America, freight rail traffic continues to grow although we still see a lot of rolling stock in storage. About 20% of freight cars and 15% of locomotives are still in storage. As a result of these storage figures and railroads own cost cutting efforts, we have seen only a slight pickup in the U.S. aftermarket business. Most of that pickup has been in friction products although we are beginning to gain business in other service areas. With winter coming and kicking into effect in the next few months, we could see more demand for typical repair and service work of components. The U.S. OEM market for cars and locomotives remain sluggish and will likely be flat or slowdown next year. Around the world, the freight market conditions are mixed with some areas that are sluggish and other areas that are growing. Faced with these market conditions, our freight-related business is balanced. So, we are focused on the need to reduce cost in the short-term while maintaining appropriate levels of investment for future growth. And with that, I would like to turn it over to Pat for financial discussions.
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Ray, and good morning to everybody. Sales for the third quarter were $958 million, when you look at our segments transit segment sales increased 97% driven by acquisitions which contributed $290 million, we had a 3% growth in our organic sales adding about $9 million and a favorable FX impact of $5 million. This is the first time that we have seen organic sales grow in a few quarters which demonstrates that our record backlog is starting to kick-in. Freight sales decreased 6% and that increase is due to lower organic sales mainly from the freight car OE that decreased about $65 million which more than offset the increases that we received from acquisitions which contributed $41 million and a favorable FX impact of about $2 million. Freight sales now have been in the range of $340 million to $350 million for four quarters in a row and our freight backlog has also remained pretty stable during that period. So those are positive indicators. I would also like to point out that revenues from train control and signaling which are recorded in both of those segments were about $84 million in the quarter compared to $68 million in each of the first two quarters of the year and we expect a strong fourth quarter also. Operating income for the quarter on a consolidated basis was $102 million. This included the contract adjustments of $20 million which Ray has already discussed and also the restructuring expenses of $6 million. If you excluded these expenses, our operating income was $128 million or about 13.4% of sales slightly higher than our adjusted operating margin in the first half of the year so, that shows some positive benefit from our cost cutting and the integration activities. Going forward, we expect our SG&A cost to be about a $115 million to a $125 million per quarter. Our engineering expense and amortization costs were up mainly due to the Faiveley acquisition compared to a year ago and we expect similar quarterly run rates in Q4. And we have a new press release disclosure of segment operating income in this quarter so, when you look at transit and you exclude the expenses of $18 million for contract adjustments restructuring and integration or transit adjusted operating income increased 29%. The adjusted operating margin in transit was 10.7% of sales compared to an adjusted 10.4% of sales in the first half of the year. In the freight side if you exclude expenses of $7 million for contract adjustments restructuring and integration. Our freight adjusted operating income decreased 12%. The adjusted operating margin in freight was 20.2% which is also slightly higher than the adjusted 19.6% for the first half of the year. Interest expense for the quarter was $18 million. That's due to the borrowings for the Faiveley acquisition and the higher interest rates and going forward we expect our interest expense to be roughly the same, although we are focused on generating cash to reduce debt and improve our interest expense. Our other expense, we had a charge of $2.9 million in the quarter and that's mainly from non-cash foreign currency translation. This is an unexpected headwind of about $0.03 per share. Since it's mainly due to changes in currency rates over which we have no control. It's very difficult to forecast this line item. In the year ago quarter for example we had a benefit of about $1.2 million for the same reasons. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was about 16% lower than what we had expected that's because during the quarter we completed analysis of the deferred tax liabilities which resulted in a benefit of $10 million. We expected some benefit but this is slightly better than we had forecasted internally and we normally expect the effective rate to be about 27.5 that can vary due to the timing of any discrete items such as the one I just mentioned. Just to recap, some information on the earnings per share. I'll just point out that we did include a table in our press release, but I'll walk through this again on the call here. Our GAAP earnings per diluted share for the third quarter was $0.70. The contract adjustments and restructuring and integration expenses reduced EPS by a total of $0.18. So our adjusted earnings per share was $0.88. Just to reconcile this again, net income per diluted share in accordance with GAAP, about $0.70, add back our contract adjustments, $0.14, add back restructuring and integration costs, $0.04, result in a net income per diluted share excluding these items of $0.88. Just to remind you on a year-to-date view, our adjusted EPS in Q1 was $0.84, $0.80 adjusted for the second quarter. And so we're not at $2.52 adjusted for the year to date, and our annual guidance on an adjusted basis $3.45 to $3.50. So shifting to our balance sheet, the balance sheet remained strong, and provides our financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We have an investment-grade credit rating. And our goal is to maintain that rating. Our working capital at September 30th, included receivables -- trade receivables about $793 million, inventories were about $765 million, and payables were $513 million. Our cash at the end of the quarter, $228 million, which is mostly held outside the U.S.. Our debt at the end of the quarter we reduced by about 6%. So when you look at what comprises our debt we have about $1.9 billion of debt, which includes $748 million of 10-year senior notes, about $248 million of bonds, $390 million of term loan, and $475 million outstanding on our revolver. Taking this all into account, our net debt to EBITDA is about three times. So just a couple of miscellaneous items, our depreciation for the quarter, $17 million, compared to $11 million in last year's quarter, and for the full year we expect it to be about $65 million. Our amortization expense for the quarter, $8.7 million compared to $5.3 million a year ago. And for the full year we expect it to be about $36 million. And our CapEx, our capital expenditure spend for the quarter, about $22 million, compared to $13 million a year ago. And we expect to spend about $80 million for the year. Our backlog, which we included in the press release, we have a multi-year backlog at the end of the quarter at a record $4.5 billion, and our book-to-bill for the quarter was about one-to-one. Our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multiyear backlog was a record $2.2 billion, a 5% increased compared to the end of the second quarter which is a positive sign for the next year. So with that, I'd turn it over back to Ray.
Ray Betler: Thanks, Pat. So to summarize, we remain very confident in our worldwide growth opportunities and in our ability to perform in the future. We expect a strong finish to the year based on our existing backlog and increasing synergies. We have a record and growing backlog. We're making great progress in the Faiveley integration, and we're continuing to invest in our balanced growth strategies around the world. And with that, I'm happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Justin Long of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks and good morning.
Ray Betler: Hi, Justin.
Justin Long: Hi. Maybe I could start with a question on the guidance. So you talked about consolidated margin still being around 15% in the fourth quarter. Could you just break out what you're assuming for margins in both the freight and transit segments within that number? I just want to get a better sense for where you think margins will close the year for each segment as we begin to look into 2018?
Pat Dugan: Hi, Justin, right now we haven't broken it out, but I think you would end up with that was very similar, on an adjusted basis, very similar to what you've seen in Q3 and for the full year, with obviously an improving result due to the volumes that are implied in the guidance that are going to come through here in the fourth quarter.
Justin Long: Okay, so maybe asking it a different way; is all of that sequential improvement coming from transit margins or do you expect a pickup in freight margins as well?
Pat Dugan: Yes, I think what you're going to see is an improvement in both. It's going to be -- really you build off of what we've done so far year-to-date, what we've seen in Q3, absent the adjustment, you would end up with kind of an improvement quarter-over-quarter that would be fairly consistent with both segments.
Justin Long: Okay, that's helpful. And then secondly, I wanted to follow-up on cost cuts in the freight segment and the potential for additional cost cuts going forward. If we see an environment where rail volumes start to moderate a little bit and that continues into next year, the build rates for rail cars and locomotives in North America are blasted [ph] down in 2018. Do you still have opportunities to take costs out of that freight segment? And if so, is there any way you can help us think about what's left in terms of the remaining opportunity?
Ray Betler: Yes, as a matter of fact, Justin, we have specifics plans in our synergy plan, that you know, runs over a three-year period, so some of those costs reductions and synergy plans are focused solely on freight. They include restructuring, as well as consolidation. There's a couple of businesses that we have gone through to planning, and we'll start that process next year. Some we've already started the process, headcount reduction across the board, freight and transit, as well as opportunities for rationalization of product portfolio. And we have growth opportunities, not just reduction opportunities in places where we're starting up new businesses and investing, as I mentioned, in places like Turkey, for instance, India.
Justin Long: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then lastly, just a quick one on the quarter, you talked a little bit more about the contract adjustment in 3Q, but could you provide a little bit more detail on why you excluded that as a one-time item versus saying it's a normal course of business headwind?
Pat Dugan: So I think it's clearly it's being driven by the continued integration of the two companies and how we look at these projects. We've had the opportunity to take the best of both of the two organizations, and see where if there's a way to deliver a project to our customers using the best of both technologies, know-how, and capabilities. And in some cases, it really forced us to look at costs that had already been incurred, and whether we needed to incur extra.
Justin Long: Okay.
Tim Wesley: Justin, this is Tim. I think the other thing is just the size of the adjustments. It's not unusual to have pluses and minuses. But generally when those are significant from a dollar amount those are things that we're going to mention, we're going to talk about.
Ray Betler: And maybe I can add a little bit of color here, Justin. So since we brought the businesses together, last December, we've been going through integration of processes, so what are best practices in terms of the overall project review process, risk opportunity, evaluation, assessment, allocation, things like how we structure the projects, things like that. And then we've been going through using those best practices in all of our projects and interrogating those projects. So we have more objectivity because there're new sets of eyes from the Wabtec side, on the Faiveley projects from the Faiveley side on the Wabtec projects. And I think all of those have added value in terms of basically the scrutiny we've put on the process, which means that I think going forward we'll have a more effective, more rigorous process that we can use across a collective organization.
Justin Long: Okay, that's really helpful. Appreciate all the color. And I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from James Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: Hi, it's Jason, at Great Lakes. Just a question on the reduction in the revenue guidance for the year based on transit, is there anything you could point to or any detail about the slower-than-anticipated ramp in the projects or is it just the typical delays that you experience?
Pat Dugan: Yes, I don't think that there's changes -- this is Pat. I don't think there's any item in particular that we would focus on. I think that as you get to the end of the year you refine your aftermarket estimates and your -- which can be more of a drop in order. And you also start getting a little bit better color on the OE side, and what the customers' expectations are in terms of deliveries and staging with their own project schedules.
Jason Rodgers: And I wondered if you could quantify what the amount of synergies that you realized from Faiveley in the third quarter.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I think at the end it's about $6 million or $7 million is kind of what we're focusing on. That's also a little bit blurry because you get between restructuring, and synergies, and kind of the normal adjustment of costs related to volume changes. But I think that if you kind of focused on that number you would see that the -- I think that's probably a pretty good estimate of where we're at.
Ray Betler: And James, what we can say is if there's no risk of us missing the synergy target for the end of the year.
Jason Rodgers: Sounds good. Wondered if you could talk about October results, so far they're tracking in line with your guidance.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I don't think we're going to give that kind of guidance here on this call. October is still an ongoing month. And so it's probably more information what we'd normally give.
Jason Rodgers: All right. Just final question, notice the receivables growth year-over-year in the quarter was about twice that of sales. I wonder if you could address that?
Pat Dugan: Yes, I mean, we definitely have -- when you look at working capital, we have been working very hard to reduce it. The overall working capital is up. There's a couple of reasons. Some of it relates to the acquisition, but our sales have started to ramp up here in the third quarter. But the think that I've been focusing on is our DSOs from Q2 are down, actually improved about 6% from the June numbers. And then so we're doing -- I think, doing a better job of collecting our receivables. And the trick now is just to continue to make that improvement going forward into the fourth quarter.
Jason Rodgers: Okay, thank you.
Ray Betler: And the customer
Pat Dugan: Yes. I mean, that's the -- when you look at trade unbilled you're balancing that against your customer deposit, so that's offset a lot of things.
Operator: The next question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys, good morning.
Ray Betler: Good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Can we just go back to Justin's questions again because I just want to make sure I'm thinking about this right, the way you talked about the contract adjustments and sort of the changes that you're making, that should be less impactful -- I know they have been on a regular basis, but they should be less impactful going forward because you have a better understanding on that side?
Ray Betler: Yes, so just think about the situation. So we historically have done our -- obviously have different project processes in terms of the way we set up our projects, the way we administer our projects, the way we implement and execute our projects, and the way we evaluate and report our projects. So part of the integration process, as we've talked, is to assess and focus best practices and come to integrated uniform process in the future. And that's what we've been doing over the course of the last year. And it's something that goes on every month. It's really continuous because we have project reviews on a regular basis. You know, we're a big project portfolio, and so we're vetting all these projects, we're challenging every assumption that's made. We're challenging risk and trying to identify opportunities. And we're also applying corrective actions and solution where they're needed from the best sources we have. And so, to give you an example, we have, let's say, a product deficiency. Okay, how do we solve that issue? Do we pull from the portfolio with part of legacy Faiveley or part of legacy Wabtec? If it was a Wabtec product and Faiveley has a better product in their portfolio now we can leverage that as a better potential solution. So, all those things are going on in this project assessment and project review process. We'll get to a point going into next year now where we have done that work across our total project portfolio. We'll get to a point where we have only one way of bidding and structuring projects at the front end, which is really the key to success starting a project off properly. We'll get to a point where we have a common way of establishing contingency, things like warrantied accounts. So there's a lot of details behind it, Allison. But that's what we've been focused on. And I think the process is working well. And I think we're going to have a more stable environment in the future. That doesn't mean we're not going to have issues. You got a lot of big portfolio, lot of moving parts, lot of risk that has to be managed. But I feel a lot better about our ability to manage our projects in the future.
Allison Poliniak: Now that's very helpful. And I just want to go back to a comment that you made, Ray, on synergies in Faiveley. You talked about it, potentially the year three being likely a conservative number. What are you seeing, is it more revenue synergies coming through potentially that you didn't think about? Are you seeing more stuff on the cost side? Can you maybe clarify that statement a little bit?
Ray Betler: I think it's pretty much across the board. We've told you we took a conservative approach, so [indiscernible] $150 million. We took a conservative approach. We wanted to hit a target that we felt we could hit. And then challenge ourselves internally to do better. So you'll get an understanding at the end of the year when we really made up this year, and you will be able to take off from that. But we felt pretty good about our ability to exceed our synergy targets.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks so much.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Saree Boroditsky of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you. Good morning.
Ray Betler: Good morning.
Saree Boroditsky: Could you provide more color on what you're seeing freight aftermarket and potentially the breakout of aftermarket builds for the quarter, and just how you are thinking about aftermarket dement into next year?
Ray Betler: So up till now we've been -- we mentioned that basically it was all friction, and it's pretty much majority dominated by friction, break pads, and things like that in the aftermarket, but are starting to see some component repair opportunity. We're seeing some compressor business. We're seeing some work out of our service shop. We're seeing some electronic repair, so some of the components are starting to flow. There's other areas that because there's less rolling stock in use because of cars in storage, things like freight rails, and things like that have been lower than we would have hoped at this point just based on install base. So, the components are starting to flow, other services or starting to flow, and this is what we can or have been just going to end of year. It's going to increase, I think going into next year, but I would tell you that the recovery, I'll reiterate again, it's not been robust, it's been FS a little bit up and down. So, I don't want to call it "Sluggish," but at the same time it's not robust. So, we expect continual gradual improvement going into next year.
Saree Boroditsky: That's helpful. Thank you. And then, is there any additional color you can provide on some of the new PTC technologies that you referenced earlier in the call? And do you expect to see higher engineering cost as rose out to some of these investments?
Tim Wesley: I appreciate you asking about PTC, because it's starting to progress, now we're getting closer and closer to a year from now basically everything costs to be in operation. So, we had the nice news from one of our customers that the first full production inoperability operation is completed in that railroaders experience, and 100% performance at many of their subdivisions and throughout their entire network over 95% inoperability and success with the network. So, the feedback we're getting on PTC implementation, commissioning, and now actual operation is very, very positive. There is Class 1 railroads, especially the Western railroads are pushing hard that are logging two million miles a week under PTC operation. One of the railroads has 81 of 90 total subdivisions up and running. So, with that, first of all you saw our PTC numbers are up in third quarter, which is a very [technical difficulty] We have as you know, all the install base on the onboard computer. We've already started to develop enhancements centered around that computer, but we will continue to develop our product roadmap that we presented to our Board, which is going to be a phased approach toward autonomous operations should the railroads ultimately adopt the type of approach.
Saree Boroditsky: Great, thank you. Have a nice day.
Tim Wesley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Brooklier of Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier: Hey, thanks, and good morning. So just a follow-up on PTC, I know you gave the total signaling in PTC revenue for the quarter, would you mind breaking out what PTC was on the standalone basis and then how that broke up for the freight and railroad operations?
Tim Wesley: Yes, go ahead.
Pat Dugan: So, total PTC spent for the third quarter was about $47 million and signaling is about $37 million.
John Mastalerz: And we don't break that down by freight or transit, but we've been saying roughly three quarters is freight.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then going back to your original commentary
John Mastalerz: Matt, we lost you.
Tim Wesley: Sorry, please continue.
Pat Dugan: Yes, we lost it. Go ahead repeat your question please.
Matt Brooklier: Yes, can you hear me now?
Tim Wesley: Yes.
Pat Dugan: Yes.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, sorry. The guidance that you gave for the year, I think you said the combined businesses of signaling in PTC expectations for that to be down about 4%, what are your updated thoughts on where that could fall?
Ray Betler: That's still in the guidance.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, unchanged. And then just turning back to the aftermarket type your business it sounds like that's picking up some momentum, which is good to hear. It sounds like the friction product is the bigger contributor, but it still sounds like maybe potentially it's lagging your expectations as we entered the year. I think you talked to earlier that potentially that was a function of just more equipment in stores than we probably anticipated into some recovery on the Class 1 rail side of things, I'm just trying to get a sense for if there's any other headwinds for your aftermarket business that's resulting maybe in a more sluggish recovery within that particular part of your business, or is it just a function of this of so much equipment in storage at this point in time? Thanks.
Ray Betler: Yes, Matt. We took the guidance out for the increase aftermarket last quarter as you know, and it's pretty [technical difficulty] we expect the recovery to be pretty much flat to slightly up as the year continues and grown into next year, which is basically what we have in the guidance today. So I think it's picking up well as anticipated, we're going to continue to take initiative and be proactive about trying to get business in the aftermarket trying to both the opportunities across the Board in PTC areas well as in typical freight mechanical areas, but I think it's pretty much what we did expected and we're happy to see the component and service business that we have experienced over this quarter.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, good to hear. And then final question; what's the tax rate that's baked into your fourth quarter implied guidance range?
Pat Dugan: I know it's that kind of normalized 27.5%. So, that would give us kind of an overall for the year in the 25 range, because of the discrete item it came through in Q3. So, 2017, Q4, yes right.
Matt Brooklier: 2017, Q4, okay, I appreciate the time.
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Ivan Yi: Good morning guys. This is Ivan Yi on for Scott.
Ray Betler: Hi, how you doing?
Ivan Yi: Great. First on CSX, they announced some changes in their locomotive contracts, what is your revenue exposure to CSX and how do you expect that to change if they're focused on cost reductions going forward?
Pat Dugan: Yes, we don't give revenue by customer. So, we can't discuss that. I mean, we give that disclosure in the 10-K, I think that's once a year when we do our
John Mastalerz: That's major customers and you got to be an excess of 10% themselves. I don't think they're in that number, so
Ivan Yi: Great. And secondly, in terms of M&A, there seems to be a lot going on right now in the rail space with Siemens, Alstom and potentially GE locomotive, how can Wab participate in this activity? And what are the opportunities and risks for Wab in a more consolidated rail industry? Thank you.
Ray Betler: So I think we are well-positioned in the transit side where Siemens also moving to good relationship with both, and on a consolidated basis that obviously represents more standardization for us, small platforms with higher volume. So that's all good, that's all positive. And I think as far as the GE situation, obviously at the corporate level, they are going through in respective assessment trying to showed out what and who they want to be in the future, and if we read the same reports as everybody, if the transportation business falls out of GE, then we still will serve them as a major customer to important customer, buyers, and we have a great relationship with them as we do all the other locomotive builders.
Ivan Yi: Great, thank you. And last one, could you give any early indication for expectation for PTC in '18?
Pat Dugan: Right now we're just starting our budgeting process, and so it would be premature for us to get any kind of guidance in any of the elements of our business.
Ivan Yi: Great, thanks for your time.
Pat Dugan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Baudendistel of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mike Baudendistel: Thank you. Just want to ask you a question on the comment previewing your Analyst Day where you say five-year plan to grow double-digit earnings through the business cycle. Can you -- how much of that is due to acquisitions? Or maybe asked another way, can you grow it double digit throughout the business cycle just organically?
Ray Betler: Yes, Mike. First of all, our guidance that we -- well, let me go back, the strategic planning process which we just presented last week to the Board was really an exciting opportunity. It was an opportunity for us to focusing on all of worldwide product line areas as well as in our functional areas which are mainly focused on efficiency and operational excellence. So we had the chance to look at both revenue growth and cost reduction, operational efficiency improvement, and we are really encouraged by the strategic planning process. In terms of growth itself, what we presented to Board was not based on acquisitions; it was based on organic development only. We supplement that historically if you look at what we have achieved, it ends up being about 50% organic and 50% acquisition, but our strategic plan is focused 100% on organic growth.
Mike Baudendistel: Great. That's helpful. And then also just wanted to ask you on the aftermarket, I mean, is there any way to put numbers? You say it was up slightly. Can you put any numbers around that? I mean is it up 1% while rail traffic is up 4 to 5%? And historically, does it typically catch up to the rail traffic growth? And over what period of time does it do that? And does it ever just exceed the trail traffic as sort of a catch-up -- sort of a makeup period for aftermarket?
Tim Wesley: Mike, this is Tim. Let me give you some of the numbers, then I'll let Ray address the rest of the question. So if you compare first quarter of this year to first quarter last year, it was down a bit. Second quarter, it was pretty much flat with the year ago quarter. And then, we saw some growth here in the third quarter versus the third quarter a year ago. So again down year ago in the first quarter, flat in the second, and growth in the third. If you look at the last two quarters and you kind of combine those, it's up modestly.
Ray Betler: Yes, so we've always lagged -- our recovery will always lag traffic and recovery in the freight market, but we will catch up. And the one thing that could make a significant difference which we've talked about in the past is the overhaul orders. There is overhaul orders that were suspended going into this recession. And when they come back and it will come back that will be a big improvement in the aftermarket business. So there were a couple locomotive overhaul orders. We are starting to see some big opportunities in those areas. We have reviewed that and recently a couple opportunities that are in the pipeline. And if our customers actually through, they will start to see some -- more significant growth.
Mike Baudendistel: Great. That makes sense. Thank you.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hi, good morning guys.
Ray Betler: Hi, Steve.
Steve Barger: Question on cash flow, I know it's been limited this year with restructuring and integration, working cap. Can we expect a step-up in operating and free cash flow next year? And can you just remind us on priorities for cash?
Pat Dugan: Yes, so I mean when you look at our -- if we go back and at the second quarter and then when the third quarter comes out, some of our biggest use of cash is in areas like accounts payable and inventory and AR are up slightly, but they are very much starting to improve in terms of sales turns and day sales outstanding and inventory turns. The AP has been affected by the paying the deal cost that were approved at the beginning of the year. And right now we were managing all those things. Our unbilled are not growing in the excess of the deposits we are receiving on our customers and our projects. So I think that that's -- those are all kind of positive trends even though the results haven't been what we are expecting so far. And we are looking to improve that going into the fourth quarter, but our goal always will be and going forward is that our cash from operations exceeds our net income and we expect that to come back to be consistent next year. And then for the priorities, I mean our priorities in cash always will remain at we are going to invest in the business. Our R&D programs, our acquisition programs, and then de-levering in the business when we can and being opportunistic in terms of any kind of stock buybacks.
Steve Barger: Got it. Thanks. And Ray, just to I guess wrap up the question on organic growth in North American freight, if current transits continue, you would expect organic growth in freight in 2018?
Ray Betler: Yes, slight organic growth although we haven't modeled it yet.
Steve Barger: Understood, okay.
Ray Betler: Well, Steve, we're just -- we're just starting to run our budget round, so we just came up the strap plan. So we are literally next week starting the budget. So we'll get into the details of those discussions. And based on what we are seeing, I'd say, we are going to see some pickup in aftermarket and freight. But we haven't detailed it yet, that's all.
Steve Barger: So, no structure or competitive changes that you see? You think this is more timing as you said relative to as traffic picks up and you kind of lag that recovery?
Ray Betler: Yes, that's right.
Steve Barger: Okay, thanks.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Ray Betler: The next question comes from Jay Van Sciver of Hedgeye. Please go ahead.
Jay Van Sciver: Hi, thank you for taking my question. The adjusted EPS for
Pat Dugan: Hi, Jay.
Jay Van Sciver: 3Q exclude the expenses for contract adjustments, but they don't exclude of benefit of about $0.10 related to the adjustments for foreign deferred tax liabilities. I am reading that correctly? And what's the rationale for that different presentation of those accounting adjustments?
Pat Dugan: Well, I think we talked about the contract adjustments that it was size and scale and the result of continuing integration of the businesses, you know, look at some of those projects and how we could perform better for our customers. But in terms of taxes, I mean we have those adjustments every quarter. It's part of our normal projects and the street items where we look at how we do the accounting for our income taxes and the opportunities to improve the tax rate. And so it -- just like in other quarters it flows through in our results. And they were not specific to the acquisitions. So in our eyes this was not an item that you would -- we would add back or remove from the adjusted EPS. That's the right way to say. And we talked about in my earlier comments is that internally we knew that there was an opportunity and we had included that in our results going into the second half of the year here. It just happened that we did a little bit better job and we got a little bit larger benefit -- slightly larger benefit.
Jay Van Sciver: Just a follow-up, you do add back a $0.001 penny for the EPS on the tax on the opening balance sheet adjustments. How is that different from say different tax adjustment?
Pat Dugan: Well, so again -- as I said, I mean the ones we just reported in the third quarter are the kind of the normal specific tax projects and efforts that we go through to minimize the -- our cost. The one that we added back earlier was very specific to the transaction and even more so it's specific to adjusting some of the normal adjustments to goodwill that come through. And then of course the tax that's related to those changes. So it seemed like a pretty bright line of what is acquisition related and should be added back and what is kind of normal operations, and we do not include it in our adjusted EPS.
Jay Van Sciver: Okay, but your normal operations with other tax rate typically of around 27.5% going forward is your expectation?
Pat Dugan: Yes, that's our estimate right now. It's based on the mix of business and what jurisdiction whether it's kind of foreign or U.S. and then of course the statutory rates are in those numbers or in those countries. So that's our estimate right now and that would be kind of a more normal run rate. And we of course -- once we go through our forecast and our budgets for next year, we'll redo the blended effective tax rate and we'll have changed guidance in future periods.
Jay Van Sciver: Great. And can you just comment if -- on how I guess acquisition capacity you have at the moment if Siemens and Alstom merger, would have an interest in the signaling divestitures that might come out of that?
Pat Dugan: Sure. Yes, I mean we have an interest in a strong pipeline for acquisitions. We obviously are focused on a investment grade credit rating. And so, we are constantly keeping everybody updated on what does -- what our balance sheet -- where we expect our balance sheet to be and where our ratios and leverage calculations would be. But ultimately, we have a strong capacity. And we can look at all kinds of different opportunities in terms of changing our capital structure to facilitate any kind of acquisition. And -- but we will do it in a thoughtful way that make sure that we don't jeopardize our credit ratings.
Jay Van Sciver: Great. Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for any closing remarks.
Tim Wesley: Okay, thanks everybody. We appreciate you being on the call this morning. And we look forward to seeing you maybe at a couple of conferences come up or we will talk to you again in a few months. Have a great day. Bye.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations Ray Betler - President and CEO Pat Dugan - CFO John Mastalerz - Corporate Controller
Analysts: Justin Long - Stephens Inc Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Scott Group - Wolfe Research Matt Brooklier - Buckingham Research Sam Eisner - Goldman Sachs Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Mike Baudendistel - Stifel Nicolaus Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Jay Van Sciver - Hedgeye
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you, Alison. Hello everyone, and welcome to our 2017 second quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the rest of the Wabtec team who is here with me; Ray Betler, President and CEO; Pat Dugan, our CFO; and our Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz. We will, as usual, make our prepared remarks and then well take your questions. During the call, we will make forward looking statements, so we ask that you please review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Ray, go ahead.
Ray Betler: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Although, we remain confident in our future growth opportunities, our second quarter results and updated full year expectations are lower than we anticipated. As we saw these short-term challenges, we are continuing to cut cost to manage aggressively through this tough period. At the same time, were seeing many positive developments including the record in growing backlog, significant progress in the Faiveley integration and ongoing investment and our balanced growth strategies around the world. So lets cover all these topics in more detail. Second quarter and the full year, the main reason for our shortfall in the second quarter and our reduction in full year guidance is that weve seen about $250 million of revenues, roughly 5% of our full year total wholesale due mainly to revised timing of sales and projects already in the backlog and to the market conditions, which weve discussed previously rebounding slower than we anticipated. These factors are more than offsetting the expected ramp up of synergies from the Faiveley integration during the year. Some of the revenues still to be occurred in the second quarter, including projects for signal design and construction work, locomotive overhauls, which both did not materialize so we removed them from our 2017 forecast. Also, we are not yet seeing the expected recovery in the freight after market spending, and the OEM freight markets remain sluggish. As a result, we revised our 2017 guidance as follows. Compared to the first two quarters of the year, we expect some modest improvement in our third quarter results due to seasonality with a strong fourth quarter and an adjusted operating margin target in the fourth quarter of about 15%. With more of our revenues coming from Europe, the seasonality in the third quarter will be more of a factor than its been in the past. For the year, we now expect revenues of about $3.85 billion with earnings per diluted share of between $3.55 and $3.70, excluding restructuring and transaction charges and non-control interest related to the Faiveley acquisition. Our guidance is based on revised timing of sales and projects already in the backlog. Market conditions rebalance slower than expected, and the expected ramp up of synergies from the Faiveley integration. Clearly, we are still operating in a challenging environment, which means we have to stay focused on controlling what we can. That means being disciplined when it comes to pass taking actions to right size our business, property mobilizing the new transit projects and ensuring a smooth and effective integration process with Faiveley, so we can capture the synergies and growth that we expect. Positive developments. As I stated at the outset, we remain confident in our future growth opportunities even as we manage through these short term challenges. During the quarter, we saw several positive developments. Our backlog increased 10% compared to the first quarter backlog and our book to bill was 1.4, which is a positive indicator for future organic growth. Our cost cutting actions are having a positive effect as our operating margin adjusted for restructuring and transaction expenses was about the same as the first quarter, despite a mix shift toward lower margin transit revenues. During the quarter, we continue to invest in our growth strategies, especially new product development. I will talk about our investment in that area later in the call, and also acquisitions. We acquired Thermal Transfer, a manufacturer of heat exchangers for industrial markets with annual sales of about $25 million and Semvac, a European based manufacturer of sanitation systems for transit vehicles and locomotives with annual sales of about $15 million. We have other acquisitions in the pipeline and expect to make announcements in the near term. We continue to make significant progress on the Faiveley integration. We are also beginning to develop our first strategic plan as an integrated company now with the benefit of Faiveley's worldwide presence. We expect to emerge with a growth plan that meets our long-term financial goals to average double-digit growth in revenues and earnings through the business cycle. And we expect to be a stronger, more global, more balanced and less cyclical company at the end of this five year plan. Moving to the transit market. With the acquisition of Faiveley, our transit business has transformed into a true global business where were true global player. Many markets are larger and more stable globally than our traditional North American market. Overtime, that should mean more visibility and stability, better growth markets, both organic and through acquisitions and improve margins as we benefit from increased scale and market share. Although, we have seen some existing projects delayed until later this year and next year, we booked a record amount of new orders during the quarter, more than $350 million in Europe and Australia loan and have a record multiyear backlog. Our transit book to bill in this quarter alone is 1.6, which bodes well for organic growth next year. During the quarter, we won orders in Germany, France, Australia, the U.S, China and India, demonstrating our global reach and our diversification. Here is some specific. We will provide brake stores, air conditioning and pantographs for new commuter rail cars being built in for us Sydney, Australia by Rotem, where revenues were more than $80 million. For the Paris metro cars being built by Olson and Bombardier, we will provide those same components for 71 trains for about $100 million of revenue. And customer has the option to order another 180 trains, which will make it our largest order ever. Remember that these types of OEM orders typically lead to long-term aftermarket opportunities, which provide revenue and good profitability for three to four decades. On the Faiveley integration, Faiveley represents the most strategic acquisition we have made to-date. And were very excited by the growth opportunities and synergies we are driving. We estimate synergies of about $15 million to $20 million in 2017. And we expect long-term annual synergies of at least $50 million to be achieved by year-three through supply chain efficiencies, operational excellence and cost savings, and by leveraging our engineering administrative capabilities. We continue to track more than 100 synergy projects in every operational and functional area. Were achieving success in sourcing, new product development optimization, tax planning and then reducing redundant activities and resources. For example, weve completed a comprehensive review of our total product portfolio and have eliminated all overlaps. Longer-term synergies are focused on facility consolidation, global and market expansion and new product development. The acquisition has also enabled us to strengthen our management team and to consolidate our organizational structure. During this past quarter, we named Stephane Rambaud-Measson as our COO, and have also appointed in as a Director under Wabtec Report. We streamlined our organization to go from 11 operating units to seven. So once again, in just a few months into integration process our synergy plan is progressing and we expect it will provide increased savings as we go through the year. This progression is built into our guidance. In the freight market, we have some short-term challenges that continue to face us, but the freight backlog has increased three quarters in a row and demand appears to be stable. In North America, freight traffic is rebounding after being down for two consecutive years. Through mid-July, total traffic is up almost 6% despite this improvement though, the numbers of freight cars in storage increased 5% during the quarter. Thats the first time thats happened this year. As we saw this in rail roads own cost cutting efforts, we have not seen yet and expected pick-up in the aftermarket business that we anticipated. And now we're assuming that we will not see that pick-up throughout the second half of the year. U.S. OEM markets for cars and locomotive also remain sluggish, and may be down again next year, and thats true on an international market also. Trade conditions are mixed internationally. In Australia, the OEM market is weak but we're seeing some after market growth. In Brazil, the overall economy remains soft. The government has delayed renewal of some railway concessions, both of which have curtailed spending. In India, some of the growth in after market spending has occurred with new locomotive deliveries expected to pick up next year. Russia, overall, the economy continues to be slow and but in South Africa recession has lead real growth to in source much of its maintenance spending. Due to these international market conditions and NAFTA conditions, our fright related business are balancing the need to reduce cost in the short-term while maintaining an appropriate amount of investment for future growth. If I move to cash allocation, our priorities for cash remain the same; to fund internal growth programs, including product development and CapEx; to fund acquisitions where we have an ample supply of opportunities to deploy capital in this area; number three, to return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks under our current share repurchase authorization. We may also look to reduce that during the year. As always, we are focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. Our growth strategies remain the same. We focus on new products and technologies on global and international market expansion, on after market opportunities and on acquisitions. We have a lot of activities in each of these areas, but on this call, I would like to highlight our long-term vision specifically in the train control and signaling area. Train control and signaling remains an important part of our long term growth opportunities; although, it's part of the reason why our freight revenues are down. In the second quarter, revenues from train control and signaling were $67 million compared to $86 million in the year ago quarter. For the year, we expect them to be down about 4%, mainly due to the delay of the signal design and construction contract that I mentioned earlier. As PTC equipment purchases have slowed down in recent years, we have offset some of that decline with new contracts that demonstrate the breadth of our capabilities. For example, in the second quarter, we signed contracts worth about $60 million for projects with Belt Railway in Chicago and with South Florida regional transportation authority where we are providing back office servers, way side communications and signals, a dispatch system, construction, training and system integration. And now we have a number of maintenance and service agreements related to train control and PTC worth about $40 million annually with more in negotiations. So long term, we expect positive train control and signaling will be a growth business for Wabtech based on our multiyear maintenance and service agreements, including software and product enhancements, international project opportunities and growth and signaling through organic investment and acquisition. Our new product roadmap includes considerable activity in this area, including Wabtech1, which is a means of collecting and analyzing data. As you know, there's a lot of industry talk these days about increasing the asset efficiency and utilization, about digitalization through data analytics. Wabtech is involved in all these areas and in all those discussions. We continue to invest not only in data analytics but we also are investing in a failsafe capability for our office systems. So with product thats focused on safety critical office systems, data analytics and our PTC capability as building blocks that allows us to position ourselves to ultimately be able to support autonomous railway capability in the future. So our product roadmap is not to stop at the positive train control level but to go beyond that to drive all those trains, and that's a product capability that will allow for increased safety and increased throughput and operational efficiency for the railroads. With that, I'd like to turn this over to Pat for more comments on the financials.
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Ray and good morning, everybody. So I'll just go through some highlights on the financials, and that we normally go through in the past. Our sales for the second quarter were $932 million. When you look at the breakdown and at the segments that compose the sales number, our transit segment sales increased from a year ago quarter by 80%, driven by the Faiveley acquisition. Acquisitions contributed $283 million of revenue, which are slightly offset by lower organic sales, down about $11 million, and the impact of FX, which is down another $12 million. Our freight sales decreased 13%. Lower organic sales, mainly from signaling and train control, freight and OE and aftermarket sales, were down about $93 million. There was a small FX impact of about a negative $3 million and then we had an offset from acquisitions that contributed an additional $44 million. Freight sales have been in the range of about $340 million to $350 million for three quarters in a row now. Our freight backlog has increased for the third quarter in a row. Those things I think are a positive indicator. Our operating income for the quarter was about $114 million, and this included restructuring and transaction expenses of about $9 million specific to the Faiveley acquisition. These costs are included in our SG&A. If we exclude these expenses, operating income was $123 million or about 13.2% of sales, thats about the same as our adjusted operating margin in the first quarter. So that shows some positive benefit from our cost cutting and integration activity, even an transit revenues have increased on a mix basis as a percentage of our total sales. Going forward, we expect our SG&A to be about $120 million to $130 million per quarter. Engineering expense and amortization were up quarter-over-quarter, mainly due to the Faiveley acquisition. And we expect similar quarterly run-rates for the rest of the year. Our interest expense was $15 million in the second quarter due to borrowings, up mostly due to the borrowings in the Faiveley acquisition and higher interest rates. Interest expense included $2 million benefit related to the prepayment of debt assumed in the Faiveley acquisition. So it was an adjustment related to some of the restructuring of the financing on the Faiveley balance sheet that we got a little bit of a benefit in the quarter. Going forward, we expect interest expense to be roughly about $17 million per quarter. Although, we are clearly focused on generating cash to reduce debt and of course the interest expense during the remainder of the year. Other expense, we had other expense of about $1.6 million in the quarter, mainly from non-cash foreign currency translations. In the year ago quarter, we had an expense, a similar expense, of about $1.2 million for the same reason. Income tax, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.4%, slightly lower than we expected due to our mix of profits in different jurisdictions. We expect that the effective rate for the rest of the year to be about 27.5. Ill just remind you that thats an annual forecast, and the quarters will vary due to timing of any discrete items. Just to help you with some of the -- reconciling the EPS numbers weve given to you. Our EPS in the second quarter, on a GAAP basis per diluted share, were $0.75. The net effect of the restructuring and the transaction expenses and the benefit from the interest expense item I mentioned reduced EPS by $0.05. So adding that back our adjusted earnings per share was $0.80. So just to help you reconcile for the second quarter, we had $0.75 on a GAAP basis. We add-back the structuring and transaction cost that are in the SG&A line, thats a $0.07 benefit. You deduct the interest expense benefit that was in the interest line thats about $0.02 negative, and it comes up with a net income per diluted share excluding these items of about $0.80. If I do the same math for the year-to-date, I would start at a net income per diluted share in accordance with GAAP of about $1.52. I add back restricting and transaction cost of about $0.11. You stock the interest expense benefit, the same $0.02 and then I have some onetime PPA in the first quarter tax impact from our opening balance sheet, minority interest impact, I end up with $1.64. Moving to our balance sheet, it remains strong, it provides the financial capacity and the flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We have and integrate credit rating and our goal is to maintain it. So when you look at our working capital at June 30th, receivables were $813 million, inventories $746 million and payables were $548 million. Our cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $329 million, most of that was held outside the U.S. When you look at our debt, debt at the end of the quarter was about $2 billion, consisting of $750 million of 10- year bonds, another $250 million of bonds, $390 million of term loan and a revolver balance of about $576 million. When you take all this into accounts, our net debt to EBITDA is about three. When we look at our cash flow for the quarter, cash from ops was $14 million. Year-to-date, we have actually used cash, resulting in about $14 million in cash from operations. So this is obviously a result that we need to improve. We're being impacted by two things, the first thing all these costs that well refer to in the restructuring and the deal and integration costs, some of which were accrued at year end and paid in 2017 but also some working capital performance that needs to improve. We had about $49 million of cash that's been used for deal restructuring and other integration costs year-to-date about $30 million were in the Q1 and rest in Q2. And these costs are mostly consists of restructuring, banker, legal and then the finance restructuring, the debt restructuring I talked about. The remaining use of cash in the working capital performance is mostly accounts receivable, that's being impacted by the timing of our invoicing, our project performance and achieving contract milestones. We continue, as always, to push to improve and expect to achieve our normal goal of have cash from ops, exceed our net income on an annual basis. Couple of miscellaneous items I just want to review. Our depreciation was about $16 million for the quarter compared to $11 million in the year ago quarter, and for the full year we expect to be about $65 million. Our amortization cost $9.4 million in the quarter compared to $5.5 million in last years quarter and for the full year to be about $38 million. And our CapEx for the quarter was about $19 million compared to $11 million a year ago. And we expect to have a spend for capital expenditures of about $80 million for the year. Some information on our backlog. As of June 30th, our multiyear backlog was a record $4.5 billion, roughly half is related to Faiveley and our book-to-bill for the quarter was 1.4 billion, overall. Transit out of that total backlog accounts for $3.8 billion and freight about $611 million. Our rolling 12 month backlog, which is a subset or a component of what I just referenced, is about $1.8 billion, transit is $1.4 billion and freight about $413 million. So with that, I've reviewed some of the financial information and I'll turn it back to Ray.
Ray Betler: Okay Pat, thank you. So to summarize, we continue to face some challenging conditions in our freight markets, and we need to manage through some project delays. In this environment, we're continuing to cut costs and take actions to manage our situation aggressively. Despite our current challenges, we remain very confident in our future growth opportunities. We have a record in growing backlog and we're making great progress in the Faiveley integration and we're continuing to invest in our balanced growth strategies around the world. With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: First question, actually a couple of questions, on the $250 million of delayed revenue, so I was wondering; first, do you still expect this amount to be recognized at some point in 2018, or is there is a chance this number comes out of the backlog? And then secondly, could you talk about the margin profile on that delayed revenue? I'm just curious where that business stacks up versus consolidated margins today.
Ray Betler: As far as the $250 million revenue, Justin, it was not in backlog, it was in our plan. So it was revenue that we anticipated, it comes in really three main buckets, one bucket is signaling project for commuter railroad that is under construction, but has been re-phased. So there was a section, it was -- the contracts were being let in phases through change orders, and there was a large change order that was anticipated that would be constructed this year. So that was in our plan. We are executing work on that particular project in other sections of the rail growth that will be open for passenger service in the near future. So the question of whether or not ultimately our customer, the ultimate customer, decides to build that particular section of railway is a decision that they'll make at a later date, and that's not something that we anticipate in '17 or '18. It was, I want to emphasize this is not a PTC project this is signaling railroad construction project that we were performing. And the second main bucket is really the freight aftermarket, that is just a reflection of what we anticipated in the second half of the year and were not seeing any significant pick up in the aftermarket. So we decided to take that aftermarket anticipated revenue out of our guidance, out of our forecast, for 17. We do expect that the aftermarket opportunities will come back, because traffic is continuing to grow. It is a little bit dramatic, some weeks it's 5%, 6%, 7% I think last week it was 1.7%. So again its not a robust recovery that railroads many of them reported already are showing good growth and we know that ultimately our opportunities lag their opportunities and we do anticipate that next year the aftermarket business will improve, but we are not continuing to focus that for the remainder of this year. So basically were anticipating flat revenue in the freight area.  And then the third big bucket is really associated with -- we have large overhaul contract for locomotives in our plan, and we had more Tier 4 locomotives in the plan. So the mix between, first of all, the locomotive build is down from what was originally planned, thats as you know in the Tier 4 locomotive, content for us is better than Tier 3 or international. So given that the Tier 4 build is down about 100 locomotives plus this year that represents the remainder of the shortfall in the revenue.
Justin Long: And then maybe to follow up on that second question that I had, it seems like between signaling, freight aftermarket and the overhaul business thats probably higher margin business. Is it fair to say that $250 million of revenue carried a more favorable margin profile than consolidated averages?
Ray Betler: Yes, there was. And just to give you an example that Tier 4, going back to Tier 4 locomotives, those I would say are good, thats a good business for us. Were in sourced position with the locomotive builders and you know that in our freight business our margins are 20%, 25%. So overall, it was definitely a better margin opportunity in our average.
Justin Long: And then second question, you talked about a modest improvement in results in the third quarter. And I know you arent giving specifics here. But if I just ballpark it and say EPS goes from, adjusted EPS, goes from $0.80 in the second quarter to something like $0.85 in the third. That implies you need to see a pretty big jump to call it $1.15 or so in EPS in the fourth quarter to get to the midpoint of the guidance range. Can you just help us understand the assumptions behind this big step up in the fourth quarter and the level of visibility you have on that front?
Ray Betler: Justin, youre absolutely right. We do expect a very strong fourth quarter, and we have high level confidence in our ability to deliver that. And reason for the high level confidence is that we have a backlog in place to be able to deliver revenue required for the fourth quarter. A lot of projects that we have in our backlog are just starting up and will ramp up as old projects do overtime, and those are programmed for about let's say in average of three years. So we have very good visibility about those projects and the revenue stream that you see in fourth quarter. Additionally, our synergies continue to grow throughout the year, so each quarter we have increased synergies in our plan. Weve been able to hit our synergy targets very consistently, and we anticipate improved performance in the synergy area in third quarter and even greater in the fourth quarter. So those are some contributors that give us confidence in the fourth quarter. One other thing to take into account is I mentioned seasonality in the third quarter. I want to explain that so people understand. In Europe, given that a lot of our backlog in our revenue on the transit side now from an out of Europe, in Europe in August, there is a vacation season. So normally, plants are shut down for the month of August. And so there is a gap in terms of revenue generation. So thats part of the differential that exists between third and fourth also. So again, my real point that I want to emphasize is we have a very strong confidence and we have the plan in place to be able to deliver the guidance that we're sharing today.
Operator: Our next question will come from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Just want to go back to the signaling and some of the transit project delay, understanding that you have a backlog that gives you some of the visibility. What's your comfort that some of these won't get pushed further out, I know its part of the practice. But is there a risk that we could see some of that push into '18 still?
Ray Betler: There is always some risk associated with the project delays, Allison, as you said. But in the short-term, it's normal -- we have normally pretty good visibility about the status of the projects. Once an project is actually ramp-up normally they are not going to be delayed. In this particular case, it was a situation where the project just wasnt warded, they changed notice was not awarded and this alignment is being built in phases. The original program plan was to sequence those phases and the customer communicated what the sequence should be. So we put that into our forecast in our internal budget, our forecast for 2017, and the customer never awarded that particular section of the track. They decided to re-sequence, change the sequence, let's say, build on this new Greenfield railroad, and they're going to start up an abbreviated revenue service with a section that is being constructed and built. And we are participating in that work. So as I said what will the section that they cancelled come back later in future, in a future award, it could. But at this point in time, they have not forecasted that they're not communicating that, so we are considering it indefinitely suspended and we're focusing on the project that we're working on at here. It's an unusual situation and different from having been awarded a project and started to actually execute on the project. And what we've talked about for fourth quarter projects that we actually are working on already. So I don't anticipate a problem like this in Q3, Q4.
Allison Poliniak: I guess following on Justin's comments about Q4, you talked about an active rate of 15% EBIT margin. Is most of that, I guess from your perspective, you have good visibility on just given where you see the volumes today and I guess more importantly, the synergies and such with Faiveley?
Ray Betler: Yes, I'll ask Pat to answer that.
Pat Dugan: You have a number of factors that are going to contribute to that fourth quarter EBIT percentage, the first and the easiest one is that you have a volume increase and you're willing to get a contribution margin that with your fixed cost being leveraged, you'd get a better result. We're also going to be continuing to be working on our synergy plans and executing. And as benefits, those benefits really ramp up over the course of the second half of the year, a lot of the hard work thats been done already then starts to become a benefit in the second half of the year. So its the two items that you really have the higher volume and contribution margin and the continuing execution on the synergy plan with the combination with Faiveley.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: I wonder if you could talk about any changes in the competitive environment and any material change in the number of contracts that you're winning on both freight and transit.
Ray Betler: So the competitive environment probably has changed more on our side than on other competitors side. We are the largest cotton supplier in the industry with the acquisition of Faiveley. We continued to make significant progress in terms of winning orders, the ability to capture $350 million of projects in one month is very indicative of our new capabilities. So on a worldwide market basis, our main competitor continues to be Knorr New York Air Brake in the states, and they're a very formidable competitor. We have a lot of more regionalized competitors around the world, but the market dynamics are such that I think weve either been able to maintain or grow market share in almost every sector that we work in.
Jason Rodgers: And your results so far in July, how does that tracking compared to your revised guidance?
Ray Betler: Were tracking maybe were coming on how were tracking for Q3. Were tracking in concert with the guidance Jason that we just issued.
Jason Rodgers: And just a few number questions or at least shareholders equity. I dont know if you had that number handy for the quarter?
Tim Wesley: Shareholders equity is 2,584,371.
Jason Rodgers: And whats the current target for debt-to-EBITDA and when would you expect to realize that?
Tim Wesley: Our goal with the debt-to-EBITDA is to maintain our investment grade rating, which would put us into the 2 to 2.5. We expect with our cash flow generation that we would get to that in a fairly reasonable period of time here. And then wed look to maintain that as a long-term goal financial policy. The impact of any kind of acquisition of course would create some variability there. But were always making sure that were going to drive our, and have our plans to drive our debt-to-EBITDA down into that range, which is consistent with our investment grade policies.
Jason Rodgers: And finally, just wanted to get your thoughts on perhaps giving more priority to share repurchase here in the near-term with the stock at its current level? Thank you.
Tim Wesley: We really havent -- were going to -- we have an authorization with our Board. But right now, our priorities are to invest in the Company, invest in our R&D and our organic growth, our acquisition strategy. And to the extent that we have excess cash, were going to do a combination of de-levering but also be opportunistic in the stock buyback plan. We dont have any commitments or a plan were going to were rollout and execute on, right now were just going to be opportunistic and prioritize our cash as we talked about before.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: So, Pat or Ray, any rough sense how much of the $15 million to $20 million of synergies you guys have realized so far year-to-date?
Ray Betler: We have -- exact sense for it is. It's exactly in line with our plan, Scott, for a year. So we wont comment on the specifics. But its tracking exactly where we planned it to track.
PatDugan: I mean were definitely this plan, because as would you imagine and youre executing on consolidations and other cost synergies, you see the benefit of the hard work you do in the first half of the year and the second half. So Id really rather not forecast out the synergy by quarter. But I could just tell you that overall we expect to be on our plan.
Scott Group: And I think may be more directionally then, is it fair that youve -- that there has been very little of the realized synergies so far and thats more coming in third and really fourth quarter? I'm just trying to marry that with the ramp in margin.
Ray Betler: They increase as the year goes on, Scott. So that is exactly refers to a perception.
Scott Group: Can you give us the breakdown of signaling and PTC between the PTC and the non-PTC signaling for the quarter and then just how are you thinking about that for the rest of this year?
Tim Wesley: So the PTC sales for the quarter, the actual was about $43 million and our signaling was about $24 million and sales were total about $67 million. And for the rest of the year, we're expecting some slight ramp ups just because of the confirm backlog that we have and normal year-end spending that does occur but not a whole lot of growth, thats already -- thats been reflected in our guidance that weve given you for the rest of the year, for the full year.
Scott Group: One more transit, looks like the transit one-year backlog fell about $200 million from the first year and the multiyear backlog increased about $300 million from the first quarter, so moving parts there. Help us understand what's going on with the transit backlog?
Tim Wesley: I am not sure -- your number there doesnthat -- I'm looking at my total backlog for transit and I have it up over $300 million from Q1.
Scott Group: The total -- I was looking that the total exactly up $300 million. I thought that you said that the one year backlog fell from $1.6 billion to $1.4 billion.
Tim Wesley: Obviously, in total, you were looking at less than 12. I dont think that there is anything thats unusual in that other than just the project plans and the staging. But I dont really see anything thats unusual in that, nothing that I'm aware of I think it's we could follow up on.
Scott Group: And then just last one for you, Ray. Can you help us, give some like preliminary thoughts about the moving parts for next year in terms of which of the businesses you expect to see some growth? And where, if anywhere you see continued pressure on the business?
Ray Betler: I think well definitely see growth in the transit area. I anticipate growth in the state aftermarket area our opportunities are surely going to develop in the freight after market area. I think there may still be pressure on the OEM area for both freight cars and locomotives. Although, I think it's going to be less then we have anticipated previously. I think there is still going to be slow economic recovery internationally. So I dont expect that to change dramatically. We're seeing improvement in Australia, in particular. I think well see improvement in India. There is a lot of capital spending going on in India. I think on the PTC side, pure PTC will start to diminish. In terms of hardware, we'll have pretty much delivered all the initial hardware, but we will see improvements in growth and the service in enhanced scenarios. And I think we'll continue to see increases in the signaling area with a significant amount of projects still in the PTC commuter areas while specifically in project area, Scott. So I think those will continue to grow.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Brooklier of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier: So my question is, my first one mostly centered around the cadence of the quarter versus your expectations. I'm just trying to get a sense for -- you had a very good first quarter, it sounded like you had conviction in terms of the progression of the year getting to your guidance and then we got this pretty meaningful guide down. So Im trying to get my arms around when you had a line of sight on your previous guidance and results coming in below that, and why essentially we didnt get an update earlier in terms of the guide for the year?
Tim Wesley: Matt, this is Tim. I'll take that one. Hindsight's always 20-20, but this is really about unexpected delays and market conditions, most of which are affecting the second half; fortunate that this was in the second quarter, but the majority of it is in the second half where we've taken some things out of our forecast like a pick up in the aftermarket and then some of the projects that Ray and Pat have talked about. So in our forecasting is always based on current and expected market conditions and then of course our best estimates of risk and opportunities.
Ray Betler: And I think also, Matt, we struggle along and hard debated internally about the aftermarket situation; is it going to improve or is it going to improve our past guide on previous call. And basically, we want to take a conservative approach because we're not seeing the pick up that we anticipated. We thought it would start to come the latter part of this quarter going into third quarter, and we haven't seen it. So we dont want to mislead people and suggest that it's going to come when we can't find evidence that thats going to happen. There's no question that the railroads are seeing improved business, their performance and traffic, their loadings are all growing in the positive direction. You know what we do in the industry, so there's no question that this is going to come. Hopefully, it comes before the end of the year. But at this point, we dont have evidence to be able to dive -- it's going to happen, so we took this approach.
Matt Brooklier: What do you think are the bigger contributing factors to the aftermarket not turning on, I mean, platform real volume up. I think 6 percentage, year-to-date. Is it a function of just where we are in the cycle? And you know there is still too many cars in storage. Is it delay from the rails just because they're trying to be more conservative in terms of their CapEx? I am just trying to look for signs as to what we need to look for to get better conviction that after market eventually is going to turn on and again we appreciate that thats been conservative. But Im just trying to get a better a line of sight on when that business starts to be a bigger contributor to your results?
Ray Betler: So, as far as our visibility, Ive said consistently on our earnings calls that and in investment meetings that we have not seen a robust recovery. So it goes up a healthy amount and then it comes down and then it goes up again, and its not a robust recovery and it still doesnt appear that way today. So I guess our biggest surprise was when we saw that the cars dont start to run up again. So we saw that lot of cars are coming out of storage, they were coming out, some of the car types were actually fully depleted and we got reports that the cars will start to going back up. So that was one issue that we were disappointed in and didnt anticipate. And its not a good sign. Its not a positive sign. Its not a positive indicator. So hopefully that trend is going to reverse again and consistently reversed in, becomes the issue of basically by habits and behaviors of Class I. So I mentioned in the past that I think the Class Is did a much better job in this downturn than they did in the previous downturn. They were very diligent about the public that they had in inventory, they maintain that equipment and they had the equipment ready to go into service. And so they really went into service, they did have to utilize outside service facilities like our own to upgrade or overhaul or prepared it for them to go into service, their buying habits that are changing in the industry. As you know, there is some customers that are completely changing their business model. So I think all those things are having some impact on our situation. But again, medium long-term that equipment will need to be maintained and will need to be overhauled, a lot of it is specialty related equipment with proprietary designs and well get those opportunities.
Matt Brooklier: And is the majority of the pressure, or the lack of the acceleration thats mostly in the freight business. Are you able to talk to your transit aftermarket? And maybe you have the numbers then I can always follow up after the call. But if you did talk to that youre aftermarket respective businesses in terms of whats youre doing -- what the numbers were in freight for 2Q and what they were in transit?
Ray Betler: First, as far as the transit, well get the number for you here in a minute, Matt. But as far as the transit aftermarket business, it continues to grow. Both of areas are areas that we have a strategic focus and continue to try to grow our aftermarket and services business and both generate about the same profitability. So well give you the actual numbers of that.
Tim Wesley: And were looking at transit rate. So your transit aftermarket sales were went up from about $312 million to $321 million from the first quarter to the second quarter. And looking freight, first quarter to the second quarter, it go up also aftermarket sales about $207 million and $222 million. So a positive trend but nearly as much high as we really had expected and had planned for?
Matt Brooklier: And then just my last question, I think, you talked to the potential organic rate of growth within your transit business for this year, and I think the number was around 5%. Is that still a good number to use, to think about?
Ray Betler: I think it is, Matt. Were about just starting our five year strategic plan process. So I'm excited about that process thats really going to help the opportunity to analyze the overall markets and to be able to, on a worldwide basis, and to be able to look at those markets as an integrated organization. So I think we have an opportunity to outperform the organic growth rates in most markets that we serve, and because of our product portfolio and our technology. So I think 5% is about double what you would see normally in the market, I think we have recently good opportunities to be able to do that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sam Eisner with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Sam Eisner: Just going back to some of the PTC comments. Pat, you were saying before that PTC was only going to grow a little bit, PTC and singling were all going to grow little bit in the back half of the year. But I think the guidance that Ray was giving down about 4% year-on-year. I think the way that I calculate that is that second half you're implying between $50 million of growth in PTC and thats around 30% year-on-year. So that doesnt seem -- thats an ultimate and I am curious, what's happening in the back half of the year?
Pat Dugan: So all I'm saying I'm just benchmarking after Q2. I'm not looking at it overall. I mean you have -- so if you just say where our Q2 is at $67 million, and pretty flat with Q1. And then if you just go from there, you would have PTC and signaling sales that would increase modestly through the second half of the year with some of the projects that we know that we have our backlog and the normal spending habits that come with the growers.
Sam Eisner: I guess my point is last year you did about $155 million in the back half of the year, in order to hit the down 4% guidance that you just gave thats implying around $200 million of PTC revenue in the back half of the year, the $50 million year-on-year increase. Again, I'm just trying to understand that the relatively large step function change from what you did in the first half of the year. Is there anything, in particular, thats happening here or is that just the backlog that thats the normal progression? Again, it seems like a relatively large step up.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I mean I understand. I am just -- what you definitely get is in just like you had in previous years, you have a Q4 that tends to be stronger than the rest in just -- were just talking about PTC now. You have stronger than the rest. You have some backlog that we know that were going to have deliveries that are going to occur there. And we have some visibility into how this should play out in Q4.
Ray Betler: I think, Sam, what we've programmed in the second half of the year is to build out the rest of the PTC -- predominantly the rest of the PTC hardware. We know that the two largest Class I railroads are target into 2018 date to commission their equipment. And the other thing is, as I said, we continue to book a pretty significant PTC commuter projects that we're delivering and are in our project plan just as we have the transit projects that we spoke of. So we have very good visibility on the project but it is associated with the milestones and those contracts and those are two components that make up that amount for Q4.
Sam Eisner: Maybe going back to some of your earlier comments about the reason for moving into Faiveley helps reduce cyclicality in the business. I guess, are we just trading end market cyclicality of freight versus transit for perhaps project choppiness or project lumpiness that may be where we're actually adding increased volatility. Now, that we're moving more into OE relative to the aftermarket of your business. I guess how you just think about the respective risks that you now have in the business relative to the more pro cyclical mix that you had prior?
Ray Betler: So I explained in the last call, if you look at the transit business the lumpiness associated with transit is at the front end. So you can have projects when you compete for them in a bid phase, they get delayed one, two, three, four, five years. So projects in terms of being awarded are often delayed. That's very normal process sometimes it's because of funding mechanisms are like thereof, sometimes it's because of changes in planning, things like that. Once you book a transit project, it is pretty predictable and pretty consistent. You're not going to see lumpiness, it can be scheduled out. There may be some delays associated with the actual vehicle production that's normally up. There is going to be delays but the visibility is very good and it can be programmed very consistently. And so when you have a lot of transit projects, it really does remove cyclicality in your business. And thats, to some extent, is no different in PTC projects, signaling projects we talked about before. What happened in the case of this particular project is this particular signaling construction project it just was never awarded.
Sam Eisner: Maybe just one other housekeeping
Ray Betler: The answer to your question is, I don't think we're trading one for the other. I don't think the freight market is ever going to change. I think there's always going to be cyclicality in that market. The way we've offset the cyclicality is to minimize the impact by continuing to diversify our product portfolio.
Sam Eisner: Maybe just two quick housekeeping questions here. On the book to build that you guys gave, the 1.4 on the multiyear backlog. Is there a way to parse out what the book-to-bill was ex-Faiveley? And then just on your freight business what was the growth in your non-rail business that you guys have seen? Thanks so much.
Pat Dugan: Were not going to parse out ex-Faiveley, I mean thats part of our business now. And they were in there at the end of the year, they were in there the first quarter. And then as far as -- what was the second part of your question, Sam?
Sam Eisner: And on the non-rail portion of the freight business given railroad and the non-rail portion?
Tim Wesley: Its about 10% of our total revenues now. Actually the non-rail is about 10% of total percentage
Ray Betler: And thats also as a growth area, Sam, that were strategically focusing on.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: You talked a lot about PTC and signaling as growth businesses and thank for giving some of the recent wins. But when you look at global opportunities, how are you thinking about that total market opportunity? And how do you think about medium or long-term growth rates for those products or channels?
Pat Dugan: Are you specifically asking PTC?
Steve Barger: And signaling, if you can break them out?
Ray Betler: So I think as far as signaling goes, Steve, the signaling growth is going to be somewhere around GDP or slightly above signaling, the signaling portion on market by definition came from any facet in the rest of the market. So its a fundamental subsystem of an overall infrastructure project. So there is opportunities for PTC as a subset at that, a lot of that is going to be dependent on two issues any regulatory issues that may influence it and secondly a desire for operational efficiencies. So we are pursuing PTC projects. I can tell you there is couple of large ones that we have said weve submitted internationally and were hopeful that they get awarded and we win those projects. But the overall signaling business as it evolves is in a large market, its about $20 billion market worldwide, and there is lot of opportunities within the $20 billion that we can capture.
Steve Barger: $20 billion is obviously you have small share. Where do you think that can go?
Ray Betler: So weve talked about, targeting about 10% of that market. We want to be in niche player and we dont want to be a commodity player in that market. And were focused on technologies to be able to achieve our growth that were anticipating.
Steve Barger: So you would expect your own growth in signaling to be a lot higher in the near-term as you start to move towards that market share size?
Ray Betler: Yes, thats right. Thats correct.
Steve Barger: And any target on what that growth could look like or how you think about whats achievable?
Ray Betler: So, were -- as I said, just getting into our strategic planning process. So well have internal very specific targets to deal. But I think the opportunity to grow as weve talked about before in the transit area to grow in double 2 times the market growth rate is not unrealistic. So 5% growth in the signaling area would be a pretty realistic expectation for us.
Steve Barger: And my last is more of a comment than a question. But as Wabtec has become more complex and we all have more revenue channels and product lines to think about. I hope youll consider increasing the disclosure in the press release around segment margins and giving us the complete financial statements and backlog performance. I think that would be helpful to investors as we start to think about the global platform. Thanks.
TimWesley: I am just say, I think, its a good comment and it's something we're working on and we're going to roll something out that make sense probably by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Baudendistel with Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Mike Baudendistel: You mentioned that you have a robust pipeline of acquisitions. Are any of them individually large enough to move the needle, or is it all just a lot of little tuck-ins like you typically do?
Ray Betler: It's typical stuff that the very first requirement, Mike, gets a strategic fit. So it's typical stuff that it has to be a strategic fit and its requirement is and expectation is that its a strong technology business.
Mike Baudendistel: So nothing the size of say Fandstan or anyone that to be a multi-hundred million in revenue?
Ray Betler: Again, we have a lot of visibility opportunities that are billion dollar plus and we have lot of visibility on more opportunities that are small multimillion. Faiveley, South Florida largest that we've done, followed by Fandstan, followed by Standard Car Truck. So were not afraid or close to large acquisition or to find the right strategic targets in the areas that we're interested in. We've talked about our interest in transit and signaling business that if we could fall in the signaling business that had critical mass that it was a worldwide organization. We would probably after that.
Mike Baudendistel: One other question is, covering you a few years and this is the first time I want to get heard Al speak on the analyst call. And just wondering is anything changing with Al's role as Executive Chairman, or any comments about his plans?
Ray Betler: In the May Board meeting, Al transition from Executive Chairman to Chairman. But Al still has obviously a strong influence over the organization, he is the leader of our Board and basically well continue follow strategy he put in place in 2006.
Operator: Our next question will come from Saree Boroditsky with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Saree Boroditsky: You talked about cars and storage increasing. So I was curious if you could provide some more color on whether this is related to higher velocity or may be a particular rail implementing decision, the railroading. Just any color you could help us on that.
Tim Wesley: I dont think it was any particular railroad or any particular effort on anybody's part. But it is, for the first time, I think it was in first time in the last three or four quarters, historic car number did go up. One other thing we wanted to mention normally on the call we talk about the freight car orders deliveries and backlog for the quarter. Actually that information, as probably some of you know because you covered this too, just got released. And its actually good news. The backlog went up by about 10%, orders were actually pretty strong. Orders of new freight cars about 18,000 for the second quarter and deliveries of about 10, so that probably as far as the deliveries that's now 20,000 or so for the first half, which is pretty consistent with our 40,000 for the year. And the orders getting up the backlog being up I think also consistent with our comment that maybe next year wouldnt be down as much as we initially thought. So I wanted to mention that that information was released during the call.
Saree Boroditsky: And then quickly just want to clarify on the margin guidance, so I think it was used during the last call. So when you say about 50% in the fourth quarter, is this slightly under-15%?
Tim Wesley: We said about 15% just for the quarter. So I think thats plus or minus of 15%.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jay Van Sciver of Hedgeye. Please go ahead.
Jay Van Sciver: CRRC has been pushing into international markets, and it has some notable wins this year. Could you comment a bit on the content you have on those projects, say versus the Rotem win or your Standard Truck win? And secondly, can you also just let us know what the freight segment margin was for the quarter?
Ray Betler: As far as you can, Pat, will take this question later. But as far as content on the CRRC cars, it's very consistent. Every project, every contract is different, I would though opportunities are normally pretty similar and we have consistently won the majority of the subsystems on many of the trends and contracts with different car builders. So in the case of CRRC, we've won subsystems orders, air conditioning brakes couplers. So we have a multifaceted portfolio that we're delivering to CRRC on the majority of their contracts here in the states. We have similar content on several other projects internationally and also in China, and the same story holds true with Kawasaki [indiscernible] from Bombardier and other part builders.
Pat Dugan: So just addressing your margin comment, we haven't disclosed it. I think actually just to say the margin is down little bit on the freight and transit up a little bit in the freight, and our 10-Q will be compared to the first quarter and the 10-Q will be issued in our normal filing deadlines and full disclosure will be there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And having no further questions, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Tim Wesley for any closing remarks.
Tim Wesley: Thanks Alison. And thanks everybody for listening and for participating. And we will talk to you again in about three months. Take care.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.
Analysts: Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Justin Long - Stephens, Inc. Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley. Please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our 2017 first quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the others who are here with me in the room, Al Neupaver, Executive Chairman; Ray Betler, our President and CEO; Pat Dugan, our CFO; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. We'll be happy to take your questions after we make our prepared remarks. And of course, during the call, we will make some forward-looking statements, so we ask that you review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al, do you want to get started?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Thanks a lot, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Our first quarter adjusted earnings were in line with expectations with growth in our transit business offsetting lower revenues in our freight business. We expect our sales and earnings to improve each quarter this year. And today, we affirm the guidance we issued in February. Ray and Pat will discuss our results and operations in detail shortly. But before I turn it over to Ray, I'd like to comment about the progress we've been making on the integration of our acquisition of Faiveley Transport, an acquisition we completed only a few months ago. After completing the purchase of the family stake in December, we began a tender offer for the remaining public shares. By late March, we had acquired more than 95% ownership, which enabled us to move forward with a squeeze-out process to complete the transaction in late March. As we said before, this acquisition represents the most strategic acquisition we've made today and we're very excited about the growth opportunities in the synergies. We now have a strong position in the global transit market that provides increased diversity of our revenue base across markets, across products and across geographies to offset the cyclicality of the U.S. freight market. We also have a strong established platform of products and service capabilities in Europe and in Asia Pacific, the two largest transit markets in the world, with a full range of technologies to serve these as well as other global markets. Let me give you a little update on the synergy activities. We estimate synergies to be about $15 million to $20 million in 2017, and we expect the long-term annual synergies of at least $50 million to be achieved by year three through revenue growth, through supply chain efficiencies, operational excellence and cost savings, and by leveraging our engineering and administrative capabilities. In total, we're tracking more than a 100 synergy projects. We have active projects in every operational and functional area. We're generating early successes in sourcing new product development optimization, tax planning and in reduced redundant activities and resources. Work on longer-term synergies is also proceeding with a focus on facility consolidation, global and market expansion and new product development. So once again, just a few weeks into the integration process, we're pleased with the progress of  and excited with the long-term opportunities and benefits we expect to achieve. I'll turn it over to Ray now.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Al. Financially, our performance in the first quarter met earnings expectations with an adjusted EPS of $0.84. Al will cover the adjustments later in his remarks. During the quarter, our backlog increased 2% compared to the fourth quarter backlog and our book-to-bill was 1.1, which is a positive indicator. We're still facing challenging conditions in some of our freight markets and we continue to reduce cost as necessary, although we saw freight aftermarket revenues increased for the second quarter in a row, which is another positive. During the quarter, we purchased the remaining shares of Faiveley and made good progress on the integration. We acquired Aero Transportation Products, ATP, a manufacturer of hatch covers and outlet gates for freight cars with annual sales of about $40 million. We announced the signing of a $97 million contract to provide signaling and communication services to TEX Rail. And then earlier this month, we acquired Thermal Transfer, a manufacturer of heat exchangers in industrial markets with annual sales of about $25 million. And we acquired Semvac, a European-based manufacturer of sanitation systems for transit vehicles with annual sales of about $15 million. So, we've been busy running the company day-to-day and making strategic investments for the future. Based on our first quarter performance today, we affirmed our 2017 guidance. For the year, we expect revenues to be about $4.1 billion with earnings per diluted share between $3.95 and $4.15, excluding restructuring and transaction charges and non-controlling interest related to the Faiveley acquisition. The midpoint of the EPS range represents growth of about 6%, 7% compared to the 2016 adjusted results. Due to the ramp-up of projects already in the backlog and the timing of synergies from the Faiveley acquisition, we expect our revenues and adjusted EPS to improve sequentially during the year, with more acceleration in the second half. Accretion from Faiveley will increase during the year as projects and synergies kick in. Other assumptions include the following. Revenue growth for the year will come from our Transit Group with the Freight Group expected to be slightly down. Faiveley will be accretive, but its financial impact will be reduced by expenses for additional interest and a higher share count, along with purchase price accounting charges. We're assuming foreign exchange headwinds of about $55 million at current rates. And our tax rate is now expected to be about 27.5% for the year. We're now assuming diluted shares outstanding of about 96 million for EPS calculation purposes, that's a bit higher than the 95 million we were previously assuming. Our goals in 2017 remain the same as we discussed earlier in the year. Those goals are to meet our financial plan, to right-size our business and remain disciplined when it comes to controlling cost, to generate cash to invest in growth opportunities while strengthening our balance sheet, and to ensure smooth and effective integration process with Faiveley, and to capture the synergies and growth we expect. As always, we will strive to control what we can and manage our business effectively. Our transit markets remained stable, both in the U.S. and abroad with new projects expected to ramp up this year, and good bidding activity to continue overall. Reflecting this activity, our transit backlog remains at a record high. During the quarter, we won orders for air conditioning equipment in Sweden, brakes and couplers in Italy, brake systems in Dubai, and in particular, our orders for aftermarket services were strong, which certainly helps our margin outlook. Over the next several years the strongest market growth is expected to be in Western Europe, Germany, France and the UK, as well as Asia Pacific, India and Australia, while talk of infrastructure-focused spending in the U.S. could also provide additional opportunities. We're bidding on several significant future projects in the U.S., France and Australia, and expect to announce some of these project wins, as we go forward through this year. In addition to sales growth, we are focused on improving margins in transit. Many of the synergy projects that Al mentioned involve plans that we believe will drive significant margin improvement over time and we're committed to delivering on those plans. Let's turn to the freight markets. In NAFTA, freight rail traffic is rebounding after being down for two consecutive years. Through mid-April, total traffic was up about 4%. As a result, we are seeing a slight pickup in our aftermarket business, and we should see more benefits as we go through the year if the rail traffic continues to improve. We see no change to our 2017 freight assumptions. Railroad CapEx, which declined about 15% in 2016, is expected to be down again in 2017. Locomotives down about 6% worldwide, including down about 30% in NAFTA. Freight cars down about 10% worldwide, including about 30% in NAFTA. Combined, that represents a headwind of about $120 million in revenue. We have opportunities still to offset most of these headwinds because of our growth strategies and diversified business model. Aftermarket in the U.S. and elsewhere, international projects in places like India, acquisitions we've completed in 2016, which will add incremental revenues of about $100 million through Graham-White, Unitrac, Pride Bodies, Workhorse are all positives to offset the headwinds. We continue to focus on growth. Our priorities for allocating free cash have not changed, although we also expect to reduce debt during the year. So, our use of free cash will be to fund internal growth programs, including product development and CapEx, to pursue acquisitions, which are strategic and have ample opportunities to deploy capital in this area. And thirdly, to return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks, our current share repurchase authorization program which still exists. So we remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost and driving down working capital, controlling capital expenditures. Our corporate strategic growth initiatives continue to be the same. We're focused on new products and technologies. We're focused on global expansion. We're focused on aftermarket expansion and on strategic acquisitions. So let's talk about each of these. In the area of new products, we have always viewed our mission is helping customers to increase their safety, productivity and efficiency. So our future product roadmap is focused on just that, whether it's data analytics through electronics and sensors or train control automation using onboard computers. We have an extensive pipeline of innovation in both freight and transit around the world. We're also working on a number of green initiatives, which are environmentally-friendly product developments, such as charging systems for electric buses and ferries, low-energy consumption HVAC systems and a compact lower weight door mechanism. On the global and market expansion front, for the quarter sales outside of the U.S. were $590 million, or 65% of our total revenues. Examples of recent orders include ECP brake systems, and other freight components in Australia, sensors in wayside monitoring equipment in India and pantographs in South Africa. In the area of aftermarket expansion, sales for the quarter were $519 million, or 57% of our total. As I mentioned, we have started to see some slight pickup in our freight aftermarket business due to increased rail traffic in the U.S. If freight traffic continues, we expect to see more benefits. Let's talk about train control and signaling. Train control and signaling remains an important part of our long-term growth opportunities, although it's part of the reason why our freight revenues were down in first quarter. In first quarter, revenues from train control and signaling were about $68 million. For the year, we expect them to be flat to slightly up. We have been selected for several PTC projects in transit and hope to announce details of those soon, some of which are expected to begin later this year. Long-term, we expect PTC in signaling will be a growth business for Wabtec based on the following opportunities: multi-year maintenance and service agreements which include software and product enhancements, international projects, and continued growth in signaling through organic investment and acquisitions. We're beginning to see some evidence that our long-term strategy is working. We signed a $97 million contract to provide signaling and communication services to TEX Rail, for a new commuter rail line in the Fort Worth, Texas area. We signed several maintenance and service agreements related to train control, but once again, our new product roadmap includes considerable activity in this particular product area. On the acquisition front, our pipeline continues to be active and we're pleased with the opportunities we're reviewing. This year, so far, we've acquired Aero Transportation Products, a manufacturer of hatch covers and outlet gates for freight cars with annual sales of about $40 million, which increases our market share. Thermal Transfer, a manufacturer of heat exchangers for industrial markets with annual sales of $25 million, which provide synergies with our existing heat exchanger businesses. And we acquired Semvac, a European-based manufacturer of sanitation equipment and systems for the transit market with annual sales of about $15 million, which fits with our existing Microphor business here in the U.S. So each company meets our strategic criteria either with new products, more geographical coverage or strong aftermarket opportunities. So with that, I'd like to ask Pat to talk about some of the financial details.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay, thanks, Ray. So sales for the first quarter were $916 million, and when you look at the breakdown between the segments, Transit segment sales increased 72%, mostly driven by the Faiveley acquisition. Acquisitions contributed about $270 million of additional sales. FX was a drag, actually reducing our Transit segment sales by about $23 million and the rest was flat organic sales for the quarter. Looking at the Freight segment, those sales decreased about 21%. We had lower organic sales mainly from PTC, from freight OE, and aftermarket businesses, that was down about $130 million, and it had a small FX impact of about $2 million and that was offset by some acquisitions of about $37 million positive. In a positive sign, freight sales were higher than the prior quarter for the first time in nearly two years. And if rail traffic continues to increase, we would expect that trend to continue. Our operating income for the quarter was $115 million. This included transaction expenses of about $8.9 million related to the Faiveley acquisition. Of this, $3.4 million was a one-time purchase price accounting adjustment and included in cost of sales, and the rest is reflected in the SG&A line. If you exclude these expenses, operating income was $124 million and about 13.5% of sales. Going forward, we expect SG&A to be about $120 million per quarter. Engineering expense and the amortization were up mainly due to the Faiveley acquisition, and we expect similar run rates for the rest of the year. Interest and other expense, which is a net number, was about $15 million for the first quarter, the higher interest expense was due to the borrowings for the acquisition. And going forward, we expect a similar run rate for interest and other expense, although we are focused on generating cash and reducing our debt and the related interest expense throughout the year. Income tax expense, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.6%, and this included an expense of about $2.1 million for an adjustment related to the opening balance sheet for the Faiveley acquisition. Going forward, we expect our annual effective tax rate to be about 27.5%. And I always remind you that, that's an annual forecast, and our quarters may vary due to timing of any discrete items. Just to help a little bit on the earnings per share and help you reconcile, just some more information here. Our GAAP earnings per diluted share for the first quarter about $0.77. The effect of the restructuring and transaction expenses, the tax adjustment, and our non-controlling interest related to the Faiveley acquisition, reduced EPS by about $0.07. So adding that back, our adjusted earnings per share was $0.84. Just to put some numbers and some to this. Net income per diluted share $0.77 in accordance with GAAP. You add back our one-time PPA in the cost of sale line, that was about $0.03. You add back the restructuring and transaction expenses in SG&A about $0.04. You add back our tax expense item, I referred to, that's about $0.02, and then a deduction because the non-controlling interest was actually a positive income item was $0.02, that reconciles to $0.84 on an adjusted basis. So moving to our balance sheet. Our balance sheet remains strong. It provides the financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities, as Ray outlined them, and just I always remind you that we have an investment grade credit rating, our goal is to maintain that rating. Working capital at March 31, we had receivables about $704 million, inventories were about $704 million, and accounts payable were $565 million. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter $280 million, mostly held outside of the U.S., and our debt at the end of quarter $1.870 billion, and it consisted of $750 million of 10-year senior notes due in 2026; $250 million of bonds due in 2023; a $400 million term loan, that's a 5-year expiration, and then a  I am sorry, that's a 3-year expiration and then a revolver for $400 million, that's a 5-year expiration. Looking at the balance sheet, you can see that our net debt-to-EBITDA is about $2.7 million. Just a couple of miscellaneous items for the questions we always get. Our depreciation for the quarter about $16 million, compared to $11 million in last year's quarter. For the full year, we expect depreciation to be about $65 million. Our amortization for the quarter $8 million, compared to $5.3 million in last year's quarter, and for the full year, we expect it to be about $38 million. And our CapEx for the quarter $19 million, compared to an $8.5 million. For the year, we're budgeting about $110 million, we tend to lag our budget a little bit every year. Our backlog at the end of the quarter, we have a multi-year backlog, it was a record $4.1 billion, including $2 billion from Faiveley and our book-to-bill was about 1:1. The transit backlog was $3.5 billion, and freight $582 million. Our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multi-year backlog, was $2 billion, transit was $1.6 billion, and freight about $400 million. So with those comments, I'll turn it back to Ray.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Pat. So to summarize, our first quarter earnings were in line with expectations, and we affirmed our guidance for the year. Even though we continue to face some challenging conditions in the freight market, we continue to stay focused on controlling what we can and on investing in growth opportunities. We're pleased with the progress we're making on integrating Faiveley and on our synergy planning. We're confident that our diversified business model and our balanced growth strategies will enable us to respond to both long-term opportunities as well as short-term challenges. And with that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: The first question is from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning, Allison.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: When we look at the revenue assumption for 2017 of $4.1 billion, I think last we spoke, you talked about potentially a low single-digit organic growth assumption embedded in that, based on sort of where we started in Q1. Are you still comfortable with that low single-digit or sort of the components of that $4.1 billion assumption change?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We're still comfortable with that Allison. We're not surprised by the slow start for the year. We've just put it that coming into 2017. Our expectations are the freight traffic is going to continue to grow, and that we're going to pick up in the aftermarket area later in the latter part of the year. Second half was where our expectations were focused.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Most of the drag in revenue will still come from the transit area. Keep in mind that our transit projects as we tried to explain on the last call, a lot of these projects are queued up and we'll see revenue recognition getting greater in the second quarter and then with more acceleration in the third and fourth quarter.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, that's a good point what Al explained, that also means projects are three year to five year in length. So, you literally have those programs into revenue plan, and with the great backlog that we have and continue to build, that revenue stream will systematically build as a result.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thanks. And then on the PTC and signaling, you still talked about flat, but you also noted a number of new contracts. So we assume there is a time early probably for 2018 and beyond, I mean, how should we think of the ramp of this, and I guess are you hearing any delays push up still in the near-term?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Well, actually, the phenomenon in the PTC and signaling area, on the signaling side, it's similar to what Al just described for transit projects. As you put those big projects there, three, four, five years in length to execute the first part of the project normally is relatively low revenue recognition because it's associated with the engineering. So, you don't start to get equipment revenues and delivery revenues until second and third year. So yes, those will start to influence us in terms of added revenue more in two to three year time period. As far as PTC goes, the hardware actually buy (27:35) was up in Q1. I think that was fundamentally a pickup or a catch-up associated with the shortfall that existed in 2016. We expect most that the hardware for PTC to be bought out this year. There may be slight amounts left for 2018. The commissioning will  and integration will probably take place over this year and next year. So PTC, as you've known it, over the last four, five years, is going to change from hardware to maintenance and service contracts and enhancements. And then, we're going to get more and more of these  hopefully get more and more of these train control and signaling projects, which we continue to with.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Perfect. Thanks so much, guys.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. Just a follow-up on that last question on PTC, given the shift in mix from hardware to maintenance and service for 2018. Would you expect the overall revenues to be higher in 2018 versus 2017?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: No. PTC, so let's take each component. PTC hardware will not be higher in 2018 and 2017. On signaling projects, then, they will continue to generate revenue. We're saying for this year, we expect the revenue to be about flat. Obviously, next year's revenue are going to be influenced by how many new projects we can win. We have several new projects that we're bidding on and we're relatively confident that we're going to win, so that will influence the revenue stream for next year. In the MSA revenue we've booked, entered into contracts with the majority of the Class I's, there's still a couple left that we're negotiating with. And that revenue stream we'll build over time. In the first year it will taper up, it will grow and then it will reach annual flat revenue base which we've given numbers of about 5% to 10% compared to the installed base that we have on PTC hardware.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think, it's awful early, it's early for us to really comment specifically on 2018. But I think it's important to note that this is really the focus not only for us, but it's really the focus of the freight and transit railroads around the world and that's to improve the safety, efficiency and productivity. And that's exactly what Ray talked about when he was talking about his roadmap, and that is that we see a lot of opportunities in the signaling area, in the onboard train control area, in the enhancements and ways of trying to take our installed base of the onboard computer and add features to that, that will help in the efficiency and the productivity for the railroads. So long-term, this is definitely a growth area for us. It's a segment that we're really excited about and one of the areas that we will see growth. As far as specifically looking at 2018, we'll know more as the year goes on. But we're pretty sure right now based on the backlog and what projects we're aware of, that our sales should be flat from 2016 to 2017, and possibly even slightly up. We could win some more projects, and we could get them going.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: All right. That's helpful. And then looking at your forecast for your freight business for 2017, are you assuming that freight traffic continues to grow at around that 4% level or what are the expectations there? Thanks.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah, that's our assumption. We don't have any information to assume anything else. It seems to be fairly consistent. It goes up and down week by week, but it seems to be fairly consistent since beginning of the year.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. And it depends a lot on the comparison. I mean that number really is a comparison number. So what we are planning is that the volumes in the carloadings will improve as the year goes on. Whether that percentage does or not depends on the comparisons, whether they are tough or easier.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then finally, it sounds like you've got some positive early signs with the Faiveley acquisition. I was just wondering, if you've seen any material employee turnover, increased competition or any other short-term disruptions from the acquisition?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: No, we have not. The integration has gone very well. We haven't seen any unexpected losses of key personnel or anything like that. I think people are pretty excited in all areas of our corporation about the future.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Sounds great. Thanks a lot.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Can we start just on Faiveley? Is there any way where you can give us a number for and how much revenue in the quarter was from Faiveley and maybe how much operating income or pre-tax income was from Faiveley? And then of the about $15 million to $20 million of synergies, how much you've realized so far?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: If you looked at the numbers that Pat gave, most of the increased revenues that we have in the transit area is coming from that acquisition. So, that comes out about $270 million or so. Other than that, the internal growth rate is, we had a flat business other than that and there was another small acquisition that's added to that number. As far as commenting on the margins, we typically do not provide that and we're going to stay key (34:35) to that, you have to realize right now, there is a lot of different things happening. We're integrating businesses, so it's a complex analysis. We are in the start-up phase as far as getting and realizing synergies. You take advantage of some sourcing as I said, where we're trying to take a look at tax planning. We're getting synergies here. We're getting synergies as far as duplication of engineering projects. We've got some duplication of actual head count, and we're tracking all those. We had about a 100 as I said, a 100 different synergy projects that we're tracking almost on a two-week to three-week basis, and we've got the whole team involved on it. Those synergies, the realization of them, it will take time and it will grow as the year goes on and into 2018, keeping in mind that we still think that after a run rate in the third year we should be at a $50 million synergy addition to our current business plan. So we're pleased where it's at, we've got a lot of work to do, and we're really pretty focused on a lot of different areas.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Just so I'm clear on the way you guys are talking about synergies, is the $15 million to $20 million a full-year 2017 number or a run rate synergies by the end of the year?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Full year.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, okay. So...
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: (36:15).
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. From a full year guidance standpoint, I know you talk about a sequential ramp in earnings. And if you look at first quarter as a percent of a typical year, it implies something a good amount below your guidance. So, maybe it'd be helpful, at least would be helpful for me like, can you help us think about the sequential progression that you're thinking in terms of second quarter and then third and fourth quarter? And what kind of sequential earnings increases you're thinking about, just because the model is a little tough right now?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: We've never given quarterly guidance and we really don't want to do it. I think that the statements that we made is that we will sequentially get better with more acceleration in the second half. There is the business model has changed quite a bit. I think traditionally, we've only had, if you go back to history, the first quarter has always been a pretty good quarter, the second quarter was  very usually had seasonalization in the third quarter because of the European impact and the fourth quarter was going bank busters. And we still expect to see a fall back in that third quarter because of the European effect from a general business level, but I don't think you'll see much different, and the fact that now we are a project-based business with large transit projects that we know are in our backlog and we'll kick-in as the year goes on. And that's the big change because as the models change, we were 60% freight business and the 40% transit business and it's flip-flopped.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, okay. And then just last question, just going back to PTC, I sometimes go just confused with the numbers in terms of PTC versus total signaling. Can you give us the breakdown of like the $250 million of sales last year? How much of that was PTC hardware? How much was signaling? And then, maybe, what you're thinking for this year's PTC versus signaling, if that's the right way to break it down?
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hey, Scott. This is Tim. So last year, we did about $350 million in train control and signaling, that was about $250 million in train control and a little under $100 million in signaling. And what we will see then  and that's the extent of the breakdown, we're not going to get into the details of all the other different line items within those. And then this year, what we've said is, we expect that about $350 million for train control and signaling to be flat to slightly up. We could see the train control piece down a little bit and the signaling up a little bit.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then the first quarter number that you gave of $65 million, I think was $65 million, what was that, was that a total signaling or just PTC?
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: It was $68 million and that's both, so that's train control and signaling, so that's consistent with the  about $350 million of those two that we did last year, total of last year.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot for the time, guys. Appreciate it.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Justin Long of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks, and good morning.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi, Justin.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Just wanted to ask first about transit revenue, it seem like it was a little bit light in the quarter relative to Street expectations. And I just wanted to clarify, was there anything that surprised you in the transit business year-to-date or as you talked about before, is this just a timing issue due to the projects that ramp more significantly over the next several quarters?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: There is definitely nothing that's surprised us, Justin. Again, we have these projects programmed in there, it's hardcore revenue, the only thing that would impact our forecast over the year would be if a project would get cancelled, which is extremely unusual in the transit market and/or delayed which is not unusual in the transit market. But once the project startup, normally the projects are not delayed in process. So the delays normally come at the front end of the project. So, you might delay revenue for transit projects case-by-case. So once those projects start to ramp up and generate revenue, it's pretty much continuous flow. And the project execution, again, really, if you get into the details of when these transit projects are very, very predictable. So all I can tell you is that we have to your point, to Scott's point, we have a very a detailed forecast and a revenue plan and it supports our expectations for the year.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay, great. And maybe on those transit projects that are ramping, could you give some more color on whether those are OE related or aftermarket related or maybe a combination of both, just trying to figure out how that ramp in the top-line will kind of flow through to margins?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So the majority are OEs related and it's projects like German high-speed trains where we have brake stores, air conditioning. We have double deck trains in France where we have brake stores, air conditioning, auxiliary power supplies, pantographs. In France, we have brake stores, electronics. In the U.S. we have R179. We have PTC projects in the transit area which you're aware of. So there is a lot of OE, but we continue to build our aftermarket. The beautiful thing about transit market, as we've talked before, is that once you have that installed base and we're expanding geographically, we're about to book some very significant orders in the markets I talked about. And once you have that installed base, you're there for 40, 50 years and that aftermarket business is good margin business. It's equal to the aftermarket margins in the freight side. So, what you're seeing on a top-line basis is dominated by only business, but we are building our aftermarket.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And maybe one last question. Longer-term, I just wanted to get your view on the outlook for locomotive, and the locomotive and railcar cycles in North America. And if you think we're in a situation where we remain below replacement levels for multiple years, are there more aggressive restructuring or cost cutting efforts that you could start to deploy?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So to be honest, Justin, we haven't stopped the cost cutting and restructuring efforts. So, you know that the freight car build is down as well as the locomotive build is down this year and down significantly. If you look at locomotives, I just had a meeting with the GE folks last weekend, we want you to forecast on a worldwide basis. We're talking about a significant drop, I mentioned 30% in my comments in this country, the build maybe only around 500 and worldwide maybe 600. So, and car builds down to 40%. Where it's headed, the GE folks I can tell you are focused on international. We're focused on international, that's a benefit of us expand in our geographical footprint over the years. Now, we can localize and support projects there. So, as far as the trend goes on the freight car side, for this year, we still are looking at about 40,000, I think the build was 10,200 or something like that in Q1. And next year, the backlog there has been deteriorated. Next year, it could drop again, we've said that before, it could drop to 20, could drop to 30. Right now, we don't have enough visibility to predict that. But we're not anticipating freight car builds going up next year and we're not anticipating locomotive builds going up. So we're managing based on the facts we have in front of us which means we've got to cut costs and we got to continue to restructure our business and that's what we're doing.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. I'll leave it at that. I appreciate the time.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Saree Boroditsky of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. I just had a follow-up on the questions regarding guidance. So you maintain the guidance of around $4.1 billion despite the bolt-on acquisitions and then lower FX headwind. So, I just want to see if there's anything else that changed in your outlook that offset those.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: No, the bolt-on acquisitions, they're relatively small annual revenue, but they're nice strategy acquisitions. Faiveley was  we closed last year, so it was in our plan already. So no, it's, again, we have a very detailed forecast that supports our revenue guidance.
Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then I guess, there's still a fairly wide range in your EPS forecast. So I was just wondering if you could just help us understand what needs to happen to reach the higher end of that versus the lower end.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay. I felt badly for Pat, so I'm going to let him answer the question.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think the guidance, the range on the EPS guidance really comes down to some of the seasonality and some of the revenue volumes when they hit, and lastly, just being cautious on the recovery in the aftermarket business for North America freight. So, I think we've got a lot of moving  as the questions sort of have focused on correctly. A lot of moving parts, a lot of changes are occurring with the business. We're assuming some recovery in North America aftermarket business, and also some restructuring in synergies that are coming with the acquisition. So a lot of things moving, and so we're putting a range out there to be careful.
Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for answering my questions. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: And the next question is from Mike Baudendistel. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Just wanted to see, can you provide any comments at all on the potential for Siemens Rail and Bombardier, merging? I mean, what impact would that have on you? Can you give us a sense for how big a customer is Bombardier or how big of a direct competitors is Siemens Rail, and any types of those comments would be great?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. They're both big customers of ours, and they're one of the big four. Big three being European at CRC, and the industry, one of the big four worldwide. We have no insight into what is going on, Michael one (48:59), between Siemens and Bombardier, other than what we read in the paper, rather there's been a lot of consolidation in the industry over four decades I've been in the industry and I suspect it's going to continue. So what those two decide to do in the end, we'll adjust accordingly. Bombardier, as you know, has been rumored to be combined with several other companies in the past. So this could just be rumors or superficial discussions, who knows? But we certainly have no influence or insights.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thanks for those comments. Just also wanted to ask you  just on the income statement. You talked about interest expense and other income, you netted those amount, but if you look at them separately and it looked like the other income was a $2.3 million favorable impact that you really haven't had the last few quarters. And I was just wondering is that something that's sustainable or any specific reason for that?
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. When we do our guidance, we really are anticipating that, that's a relatively flat number, those are variety of things including gains from FX translation, gains and losses on foreign exchange. And so we have, on occasion, had losses  had income there. And so, just with the change, I mean, in some of the base currencies for us that we have a slight gain this quarter. So going forward, we're expecting it to be neutral and interest expense to improve as we bring cash and repay debt.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thanks very much. That's all I had.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Sam Eisner of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi, Sam.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So maybe just to start off with, can you talk a little bit about the business through the first 25 days of the quarter here, just 2Q trends across however you guys want to slice it across the segments, across the components of the segment. Just curious how the second quarter is looking for you?
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I think it's in line with what our guidance has been and I don't think there's been any big surprises, but clearly at 25 days we continue to focus on all the same things we have talked about, which is integrating the businesses and making sure we're hitting all our targets and so, on that I don't think there's lot more we could talk about.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: The only thing we'd say  we just have an awful lot of pending closure on orders right now. That's probably a positive and we're not seeing any drastically difference between the first and the second quarter. Just little pickup that we're seeing in freight carloadings, that continues, but there's nothing else that's drastically changing other than the amount of I think large projects that we're trying to finalize it.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And maybe continuing on that line, can you talk about, you mentioned obviously aftermarket is starting to accelerate, is there a way to talk about within the first quarter, what the growth was within the aftermarket portion of freight?
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Sam, this is Tim, if you look at fourth quarter versus first quarter, we saw about $25 million of aftermarket revenue growth in freight from the fourth to the first, probably about half of that was acquisitions and then the rest was organic. So we have started to see some slight pickup there like we talked about.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But still down year-on-year?
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yes. Yes. Still down year-on-year.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Comparing the first quarter of this year to first quarter last year, yes, still down.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And maybe a few other housekeeping items. I think you went through a little bit before of the cash flow items. I don't know if you commented about what total cash from operations was in the quarter?
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Well, cash from operations was actually a negative, it was about $26 million negative. But that's so that you've got to adjust that number because an awful lot of our deal cost, which were accrued for in the fourth quarter were paid, okay, so when you back out the one-time items, it's about $30 million worth of deal costs that were paid in the first quarter that were accrued for at the end of 2016. Now, then when you look at the normalized performance in terms of cash flow, we usually have first quarter is a challenge for us. On top of that, we have the normal things that get paid in the first quarter, some benefits and incentive-related accruals, tax, interest, a number of items. And so, we typically have our weakest performance in the first quarter and then, it improves throughout the year. So nothing that I don't think is normal and we remain on our budget and plan for the full year, once you take into account the items that we paid for related to the acquisition.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's super helpful. And maybe just two other quick questions here. Just on your non-rail business, I think there's been a few pieces of M&A within the historical non-rail portion of your Freight segment, how was that performing throughout the course of the quarter? How is that performing versus the fourth quarter? Certainly, there's a lot of positive data points on general industrial market. So just curious what you're seeing on that non-rail business?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think in the industrial business, non-rail business is improving. We're seeing some improvements in the elastomer and rubber business, we're seeing some improvements in the heat exchanger business. So I think in generally, it's trending along with the economy. So, it's not dramatic improvement, but we are seeing some slight improvement in those areas.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And if I can sneak one more in here, I'm sorry. Just on the 2016 versus 2017 for PTC, you commented that maintenance revenue is going to be growing really  for the software revenue is going to be growing. I'm curious as a percentage of that $350 million, what was it in 2016 and what are you anticipating for 2017? Thank you.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So the revenue in 2016 was  did we give a number? It's a relatively small number for 2016, Sam, because we were literally just booking those contracts. So, the contracts will ramp-up over a year period. And then will reach a steady-state. So, overall  we've given that number?
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: No.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: No.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay, overall this year  (56:29) you guys don't want me to be disclosing the details of the service agreements, but what will happen is we have two, three months service agreements to book. We're in the process of negotiating those. So, throughout the course of this year, we'll reach a steady state on the service agreement. So service agreements are fixed  basically fixed fees agreements with opportunities then for enhancement revenue, which will be incremental. So, the fixed fee opportunity is 5% to 10% of our installed base that we talked about before. And then what we're trying to concentrate on now is we're going to generate enhancement opportunities. So there's upgrades and other things but data analytics and software enhancements, productivity improvements or we're speaking with the Class I's. And then longer term comes the, the focus on our product roadmap that I talked about. And that focus really, if you look at, it's out 5, 10 years, you know our focus is on fully automated railroads.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: It could be just a relative number, we expect that particular line item, of all the  if we add them all up to be there's  almost three, four times what we were  three or four times than we accomplished in 2016. So, it's significant, yeah.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. That's super helpful, guys. I'll hop back in queue. Thanks.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for closing remarks.
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Kate. Thanks everybody for being on the call. And we will talk to you in about three months. Have a great day.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: All right.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.
Analysts: Justin Long - Stephens, Inc. Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ivan Yi - Wolfe Research LLC Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Kristine Kubacki - CLSA Americas
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Wabtec fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our 2016 fourth quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the other Wabtec team members who are here with me, Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman; our President and CEO, Ray Betler; Pat Dugan, our CFO; and our Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz. We'll have our prepared remarks, and then of course be happy to take your questions. Certainly, during the call we will make some forward-looking statements, and we just ask that you review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al, go ahead.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. As you know, 2016 was a very challenging year for Wabtec due to the recession in the freight rail market and sluggish conditions in many other industrial markets. In this environment, we are focused on controlling what we can and on investing in growth opportunities. With that in mind, 2016 was also a year of tremendous accomplishments for Wabtec. I think we'll look back on it as the year that we took steps to position our company for a new era of growth and performance. So let's talk about those accomplishments. Financially, although we did not meet all of our 2016 targets, we did compile some of the best results in our history and generated significantly more cash from operations than net income. Operationally, we reacted aggressively to our challenges by cutting cost. Strategically, we acquired majority ownership of Faiveley Transport, which has strengthened our diversified business model, expanded our global footprint, and added new products and technologies to our portfolio. Before I turn it over to Ray, I'd like to say a few words about the integration of Faiveley and what it means to our company. As most of you know, we have been interested in acquiring Faiveley for many years, and we were finally able to come to an agreement in mid-2015. Throughout 2016, we spent countless hours dealing with regulators in the U.S. and Europe, and we received the necessarily approvals to move forward in the fourth quarter. On December 1, just 12 weeks ago, we announced the purchase of Faiveley's family stake. And in late December, we began a tender offer for the remaining public shares. That process is ongoing, and we hope to achieve our goal of at least 95% ownership in the first quarter of this year. There is no doubt that Faiveley represents the most strategic acquisition we've made to date, and we're very excited about the growth opportunities we can pursue together. Faiveley's strong position in the global transit market provides increased diversity of our revenue base across markets, across product lines, across geographies to offset the cyclicality of the U.S. and global freight markets. The company has a particularly strong platform of product and service capabilities in Europe and Asia-Pacific, both of which are much larger markets than the U.S. Thanks in part to its geographic diversity, Faiveley generated organic sales growth of about 5% in 2016. Faiveley strengthens our innovation and technology initiatives and brings products that Wabtec has not been able to offer such as high-speed brake for door and door systems and HVAC equipment. The company also brings a strong and experienced management team to complement our existing organization. Over half of Faiveley's revenues are project-based and backlog-driven, which provides long-term stability and visibility. And finally, we believe the combination of Wabtec and Faiveley will result in significant synergies to drive our growth synergies and cost improvements. We estimate synergies of about $15 million to $20 million in 2017, and we expect long-term annual synergies of at least $50 million to be achieved by year three through revenue growth, supply chain efficiencies, operational excellence and cost savings, and by leveraging our engineering and administrative capabilities. Here are just a few examples of synergies we're working on. Sourcing, combined we have spend of more than $2 billion annually, which gives us leverage with suppliers. By optimizing our product portfolio and new product development, where we offer similar products, we will select the best that each company has to offer in each geographic market and we'll eliminate redundant product development costs. From an internal supply standpoint, Wabtec currently manufactures some products such as rubber and castings that Faiveley purchased from outside suppliers. Now they will be buying from Wabtec. Facility consolidations, there are numerous opportunities for manufacturing and office consolidations. For example, Faiveley's existing Indian plant will be used to meet localization requirements for contracts that Wabtec has won, which means we do not have to invest in a new plant there, a savings of more than $5 million in capital. In all, we're tracking more than 100 synergy projects and seeing positive interaction and cultural integration among the teams. So once again, just 12 weeks into the integration process, we're pleased with the progress so far and excited with the long-term opportunities and benefits we expect to achieve. I'd like to now turn over the presentation to Ray.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Al. I'd like to mention one more reason for our excitement. Two weeks ago, we held our first annual leadership conference for the new Wabtec. We brought together the top business leaders in our company. About half the participants this year were from Faiveley. It was very gratifying to see the two executive teams come together and focus on our conference theme, Stronger as One. I think we're off to a really good start. Our business leaders shared ideas for new products. They shared best practices and disciplines, such as quality and Lean. We discussed new acquisition targets and we explored cultural differences and ways to overcome them. We have no illusions. This integration will be complex, but we're committed to exceeding our synergy targets and to making Wabtec a stronger company for all of our shareholders. With that, let's talk about the current state of our business in our markets. So first we'll focus on fourth quarter 2016. During the fourth quarter, we not only purchased the majority ownership of Faiveley, but we started the tender offer process and began the integration of two other recent acquisitions, Workhorse Rail and the Gerken Group. We completed also a $750 million senior notes offering, and we continued to manage through a challenging downturn in the freight market. Overall, our financial performance in Q4 did not live up to our expectations, with sales of $760 million and adjusted EPS of $0.81. There were several factors that affected our performance. Sales were about $20 million lower than we expected and product mix was unfavorable. For example, revenues from train control and signaling did not meet our sales targets. We added sales of about $100 million from Faiveley, which were dilutive to operating margins. Integration costs and activities related to Faiveley were significant and they did create distractions throughout our organization. As usual, we also booked some year-end adjustments, none of which were significant individually. On the positive side, we did generate strong cash from operations of $202 million and our backlog increased 10% compared to the third quarter, even excluding the Faiveley backlog of $1.9 billion. Throughout 2016, our management team responded to difficult market conditions with aggressive actions to reduce our costs. These actions enabled us to maintain good adjusted margin performance for the year within 100 basis points of 2015 despite an 11% drop in sales. We reduced total plant employment by more than 10% during the year and we continue to adjust that as necessary going forward. We made further cuts in discretionary spending at corporate and across all business units when we stepped up our efforts associated with the Wabtec excellence program which includes lean, supply chain initiatives and quality initiatives. Let's move to 2017 guidance. Today we issued our guidance for the first time. For the year, we expect revenues to be about $4.1 billion with earnings per diluted share between $3.95 and $4.15. Excluding restructuring and transaction charges and non-controlling interest related to the Faiveley acquisition, the midpoint of the EPS range represents growth of about 6% to 7% compared to 2016 adjusted results. Due to the ramp up of projects already in the backlog, and the timing of synergies from the Faiveley acquisition, we expect our adjusted EPS in the first quarter of 2017 to be similar to the adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter of 2016. And we expect the second half of the year to be stronger than the first half. Accretion from Faiveley will increase during the year as projects and synergies kick in. Other assumptions include the following. Revenue growth for the year will come from our Transit Group with the Freight Group expected to be down slightly. Faiveley will be accretive but its financial impact will be reduced by expenses for additional interest and a higher share count along with purchase price accounting charges. We're assuming foreign exchange headwinds of about $65 million at current rates. Our tax rate is expected to be about 29.5% for the year. We're assuming diluted shares outstanding of about $95 million for EPS calculation purposes. But our goals for 2016 are straightforward, to meet our financial plan, to rightsize our business, and remain disciplined when it comes to controlling cost, to generate cash to invest in growth opportunities while strengthening our balance sheet, and to ensure a smooth and effective integration process with Faiveley to capture the synergies and the growth that we expect. As in the past, we strive to control what we can. So, let's talk about the freight rail market. In NAFTA, freight rail traffic was down about 5% in 2016. In the first few weeks of this year the numbers are slightly better with traffic up about 2% on average. We're are not seeing yet any benefits from this as customer inventories of aftermarket parts remained lower than normal levels and equipment storage rates remain high. If rail traffic continues to improve. We do expect to see benefits in our aftermarket business later in this cycle, perhaps in the second quarter or third quarter. Our 2017 freight assumptions include the following. Railroad CapEx, which declined about 15% in 2016, is expected to be about the same in 2017. Locomotives will be down about 6% worldwide and about 30% in NAFTA. Freight car builds will be down about 10% worldwide and about 30% in NAFTA. Combined, that represents a headwind of about $120 million in revenues. We have opportunities to offset these headwinds because our growth strategies and diversified business model allow us to focus on the aftermarket in the U.S. on international projects in places such as India, on acquisitions that we've completed in 2016 which will add incremental revenue of about $100 million. Those acquisitions include Graham-White, Unitrac, Pride Bodies and Workhorse. We also remain focused on increasing our global footprint and our product offering beyond our traditional NAFTA aftermarket because about 75% of our installed base for locomotives and freight cars are outside of the U.S. Our transit markets remain stable both in the U.S. and abroad with good bidding activity overall. Reflecting this activity, our transit backlog is at a record high for legacy Wabtec business and Faiveley's backlog is near record high. Over the next several years, the strongest growth is expected to be in Western Europe, Germany, France, UK and Asia-Pacific, specifically India and Australia while talk of infrastructure-focused spending in the U.S. would also provide additional opportunities. Current projects include brake stores and HVAC equipment for high-speed trains in Germany; brakes, auxiliary power supply, HVAC, couplers, pantographs for regional and commuter trains in Belgium; brake stores, electronics for the regional network trains in France. And we're bidding on significant future projects such as subsystem and component business, maintenance for commuter trains in Sydney, Australia, as well as subsystems in commuter component projects for the New York City acquisition, which is forthcoming. In addition to sales growth, we are focused on improving our margins in transit, both in the legacy Wabtec business and the Faiveley business. Many of the synergy projects that Al mentioned involve plans that we believe will drive significant margin improvements and we're committed to delivering on those plans. We continue to focus on growth and cash generation. In 2016, we generated $449 million of cash from operations, which gives us ample capacity for investment. Our priorities for allocating free cash have not changed, while we continue to strengthen our balance sheet. First, we would fund internal growth programs including product development and CapEx. Second, we would focus on acquisitions where we have ample opportunity to deploy capital. And third, we would return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. In May, we announced a dividend increase for the sixth consecutive year, and during 2016, we purchased 3,046,408 shares of our common stock for about $212 million or about $69.63 per share. We have about $138 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing our costs, by driving working capital down, and by controlling capital expenditures. Our growth strategies remain the same. They are global and international market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new product development and technologies, and acquisitions. So, let's talk about each of these strategies. On the global expansion side, for the quarter, sales outside the U.S. were $450 million or 59% of our total. We're particularly excited about growth opportunities in India, where we have orders for brake systems and event recorders for locomotives, and Faiveley has several orders for doors, brakes, and air conditioning equipment for various transit projects and bidding activity there continues to be strong. In France, after years of flat or declining volume, the bidding activity is very strong, including the largest commuter project ever in Europe for RER regional fleet, which includes 240 high capacity trains. Aftermarket expansion sales there for the quarter were $433 million or 57% of our total. Gerken, one of the 2016 acquisition companies, recently won two multi-year contracts to supply its aftermarket carbon products in China and in Germany. And, then, on the new product side, we introduced several new products last year. We built a new plant in China to build intercoolers for the power generation market. We introduced the new generation of sintered brake pads for high-speed rail. We developed bogie-mounted brakes specifically for the South African market and Faiveley has a new NeoFlexx brake disc which they've introduced to the market. Moving to train control and signaling, control and signaling remains an important part of our long-term growth opportunities. Although, it's part of the reason why our freight revenues were down in 2016. As you know, our customers were working hard to implement PTC but decreases in freight rail traffic caused the railroads to reduce their CapEx budgets for both infrastructure and rolling stock. In addition, the deadline extension to at least 2018, resulted in changes in their spending plans. The result of all that are the revenues from train control and signaling decreased 30% in 2016 to about $350 million. We expect that to be flat to slightly up in 2017. Long term, we expect PTC and signaling will be a growth business for Wabtec based on the following opportunities. Multi-year of maintenance and service agreements, which includes software and product enhancements, international project opportunities and continued growth in signaling through organic investment and acquisitions. In 2016, we acquired a small but very strategic signaling company in the UK to allow us to focus on growth in that market. We're beginning to see evidence that our long term strategy is working. We've signed several maintenance and service agreements related to train control, including the 10-year contract in Brazil to provide a variety of train control and signaling services. On the acquisition side, our pipeline continues to be active and we're pleased with the opportunities we're reviewing. In addition of Faiveley, during the fourth quarter, we acquired Workhorse Rail, which is a supplier of engineered freight components, mainly for the aftermarket. The company has annual sales of about $35 million. Workhorse supplies freight car couplers, knuckles and related parts for a variety of Class I railroad and freight car options. Workhorse offers a variety of product designs and sells primarily in the North American market, that brings an excellent reputation and strong engineering capabilities in new products to our portfolio. In addition, we believe Wabtec's geographical presence in aftermarket footprint, will provide new opportunities to expand Workhorse Rail's customer base in North America and around the world. So with that, I'd like to ask Pat to talk a bit about some of the financial details.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Ray. So, everybody, I'm going to go through our normal review, but also spend a little bit of time on the adjustments just to help everybody with their math and their models and understanding what actually was recorded in the fourth quarter and for the full year. So sales for the fourth quarter were $760 million. And when you compare this to a year ago quarter, that includes a negative effect of about $22 million from changes in foreign exchange rates. If you exclude that FX impact, sales would have been about 6% lower than the last year's quarter. And this decrease can be attributed to the difficult market conditions in our Freight segment. Our consolidated sales figure included about $100 million from revenue with a dilutive impact on EPS, including lower margins and higher interest costs. When you look at our segments, from a year ago, the freight sales decreased about 32%. That's mostly due to lower organic sales mainly from PTC, from freight OE, and aftermarket, about a $174 million impact. Negative FX, which is about $3 million, which in those two items more than offset the positive impact of acquisitions, which would have added about $17 million of revenue. Our Transit segment sales increased 26%. The acquisition of Faiveley and others contributed about $120 million of revenue to the segment. That more than offset lower organic sales of about $14 million and negative FX of about $19 million. Operating income for the quarter was $63 million, and this included the following: transaction expenses of about $26 million related to the Faiveley acquisition; some adjustments for contracts and restructuring expenses of about $15 million. And if you exclude these expenses, our operating income would have been about $104 million or about 14% of sales. Most of these expenses were included in SG&A in the quarter. So that's the main reason why it's so much higher than the year-ago quarter. Going forward, our run rate for SG&A is expected to be about $130 million. Our engineering expense was down slightly and our amortization was up mainly due to the Faiveley acquisition. So I'd like to repeat what Ray said earlier, that our adjusted operating margin for the year was 17.6%, and that's less than 100 basis points lower than 2015 despite the drop in sales. That's a good performance in a difficult market. Looking at interest and other, interest and other expense was $30 million in the fourth quarter, and this included $22 million of debt refinancing expenses and additional interest costs incurred from the delay in closing the Faiveley acquisition. Going forward, we expect quarterly interest expense to be about $16 million. But be assured, we are focused on generating cash to reduce that number going forward. Interest (sic) [Income] tax expense was actually a tax benefit in the quarter due to two items related to the Faiveley acquisition. First was an expense of about $9 million as certain transaction costs become non-deductible and we have to make an adjustment in our tax provision, but then we also had income of $27 million reducing a deferred tax liability. We had discussed the expense, the $9 million expense, with you in December. The income from the reduction of the deferred tax liability occurred late in the fourth quarter after we had already completed the purchase of Faiveley. We were required to reduce the amount of the deferred tax liability that we had set up on the opening balance sheet because of changes in the statutory tax rate in France. We expect the 2017 annual effective rate to be about 29.5%. And I always want to remind everybody that's an annual forecast. The quarters will vary due to timing of any discrete items. So focusing on the fourth quarter EPS, earnings per diluted share were $0.42. The effect of all the items that I had discussed and the $9 million non-controlling interest expense related to the Faiveley acquisition reduced EPS by $0.39. So our adjusted EPS is $0.81. So just to bridge you from the $0.42 to $0.81, we start at $0.42 of earnings per share in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. You add back about $0.21 of transaction expense. That would show mostly in our SG&A line about $26 million, contract adjustments and restructuring expenses, mostly recorded in the cost of sales line, about $0.12. You add back additional interest and other expenses of about $0.17. And then we deduct the net tax benefit of the two adjustments that I referred to earlier, that's about $0.20, and the minority interest about $0.09, and that gets you from $0.42 to $0.81. So going through same exercise for the full year, our earnings per diluted share were $3.34 and the effect of all the items I discussed and the $9 million of non-controlling interest related to the acquisition reduced EPS by about $0.51. So our adjusted EPS was $3.85. So again, I'll just bridge you from $3.34 to $3.85: $3.34 is our Generally Accepted Accounting Principles number; transaction expense and SG&A about $0.31; contract adjustments and restructuring costs $0.13, mostly in cost of sales; additional interest and other expense about $0.17; the benefit of the net tax adjustments about $0.19; and the minority interest of about $0.09. That gets you to $3.85. Okay, to talk about our balance sheet, it remains strong and it provides financial capacity and flexibility to invest in the growth opportunities we discussed earlier. We have an investment-grade rating for our credit rating, and our goal is to maintain it. Our working capital at the end of the year included trade and unbilled receivables about $943 million. Inventories were $659 million and payables were about $530 million. At the end of the year, we had almost $400 million in cash, mostly held outside the United States. Our debt balances at the end of the year, our debt balance was about $1.9 billion. And that consists of the following: a $750 million bond offering that we had entered into in 2016 due in 2026; $250 million of bonds that are due in 2023; a bank term loan of $400 million; and about $400 million outstanding on our revolver. When you look at the balance sheet, if you just do a simple calculation from our balance sheet at the year end, our net-debt-to-EBITDA is about 2.5 times  2.7 times, I'm sorry. But if you do a kind of a full pro forma, it's lower, it's below 2.5 times. And then when you look at what we expect to do in 2017 with our cash generation that we expect to be below 2 times. So lots of strength on our balance sheet, lots of capacity and helps reassure everybody that we're going to maintain that investment grade rating. Cash from operations, we generated about $202 million for the quarter and that brings to about $449 million for the year. That exceeds our net income of $313 million, so a strong performance and in line with our goals. So, just a couple of miscellaneous items we always review. Our depreciation was up $14 million compared to $11 million in last year's quarter, and for the full year, we expect it to be about $65 million. Amortization expense was $6.6 million compared to $5.7 million in last year's quarter, and we expect it to be about $35 million for the year. Our CapEx for the quarter $19 million compared to $16 million a year ago, and for the year, about $50 million compared to $49 million in 2015. In our budget, and we always budget and tend to spend a little bit less than this, but we're budgeting right now for the combined organizations to be about $110 million for 2017. Looking at our backlog, at December 31, our multiyear backlog was a record $4 billion, including $1.9 billion from Faiveley. Even if you exclude Faiveley, our backlog was up about 10% in the fourth quarter. Transit was $3.4 billion. Freight was $576 million. Changes in FX rates reduced the backlog by about $65 million compared to the end of 2015. Our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multiyear backlog was about $2 billion, transit was $1.6 billion and freight about $400 million. The total backlog figures don't include about $170 million of pending orders and contract options. We don't count them in the backlog until the customer exercises them. So, with that, I'll turn it back over to Ray.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Pat. So to summarize, as Al said at the beginning of our call, we had to deal with some very difficult and challenging conditions in our freight and industrial markets in 2016. But we stayed focused on controlling what we can, while investing in growth opportunities. We still face some of these challenges in 2017 and we'll continue to attack our costs aggressively, while driving our growth opportunities. We expect to get back on track as a growth company here this year in 2017, based on current market conditions and our existing strong backlog of projects. We're pleased with the Faiveley acquisition and the progress we're making on integration and synergy planning. We're confident that our diversified business model and balanced growth strategies will enable us to respond to both long term opportunities as well as short term challenges. And with that, we'll be happy to answer any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Justin Long of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks and good morning.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi, Justin.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: So, hi, how are you? So looking back on 2016, obviously, results missed expectations and I totally understand it's been a tough demand environment to battle. But especially with the month of December being so far below expectations, could you just comment on your visibility and confidence in the outlook for 2017 and as you do that I'm also curious if you've changed your methodology in terms of forecasting the business based on what we saw last year?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: The methodology has not changed. We have a very detailed bottoms-up methodology that we use for forecasting and we're basically analyzing that on a week-by-week basis to make sure that we have as a good visibility as possible, Justin. I think the Q4 results were disappointing. We had issues that that we had to address some on our contracts. We had a few contracts where we had to take contract adjustments and the freight business did not recover. The electronics business did not recover. We didn't expect it to. But we were trying to negotiate some MSAs that we were hopeful would develop revenue opportunities sooner than they did. So it was a host of issues that resulted in the shortfall. I think on lot of those issues were one one-time unique issues that we addressed and we think that the forecast for 2017 and the guidance is solid.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay, great. And maybe to build on that a little bit looking at the 2017 guidance, could you talk about what you're assuming for organic growth in the Freight segment and also what's you are assuming for organic growth in the Transit segment?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: And, so, we're expecting overall, as I said, about 6%  7% Freight. We expect to be basically flat to slightly down. We will monitor very, very closely obviously, the aftermarket opportunity. Our opportunity in Freight to a large extent it's going to be dictated by how fast we start to derive benefits from traffic. If traffic continues to pick up then, again Q2  Q3 we should start to see some of the benefits from that. We know that on the OEM side that car builds are going to be down. We do anticipate some growth opportunities on the international side, but overall, we expect traffic to be down. Transit organic growth about 5% over the year is what we anticipate and if you analyze the backlog in Transit both on Wabtec and the legacy Faiveley side, it's again, basically, a record high and we continue to pick up new orders. The project  the good thing about the project business is it is pretty predictable and we anticipate improvements in revenue throughout the year.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay, that's really helpful. And I guess, lastly, when you look at the business, just on an organic perspective, what are you assuming for the change in operating margins in 2017? Do you think, knowing the environment you just described from a top line perspective, margins will improve?
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Justin, this is Pat. So I think what you're going to see, just due to the way the year should progress that we'll get to about a 15% operating margin by the end of the year. That is in line with what we discussed earlier. Clearly, the overall margin is impacted by the higher mix of Transit sales from Faiveley acquisition. So there's going to be a steady improvement in margin throughout the year. We expect to execute on the synergies and the other integration plans and so we'll also see benefits from that too.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I might add that the one thing that you might ask, you look at December and we had a pretty good view. I just want to point out that because of the antitrust reasons, we really did not have a good view of the Faiveley business and how it would roll out during 2017. We assumed a lot about an equal business across, but the way they did a lot of completion on some projects in the fourth quarter, and our Faiveley business will really start out slow during the beginning of the year, and these projects will start kicking in as the year goes on. And they're in the backlog, they're planned, and a lot of these projects you do percentage completion type accounting, so we have good visibility on this. This is not like our Freight business, which is a component business that you have much better equalized sales, but you don't have the visibility as much as we do, and that's really the strength of this diversified business model and the strength of the Faiveley acquisition. And as Pat points out, these synergies, they will build up as the year does and that's one of the reasons, we said we'll start out slow and be stronger in the second half of the year.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful, Al. Lastly, Pat, I just want to clarify on the operating margin comment, you said around 15% all-in, but would you be willing to share what the year-over-year change is or what you expect in terms of the organic margin profile of the business?
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah, I think I would rather  let's just stick with the kind of the overall group, the combined margin and because the organic growth, I mean the organic margin, I don't see that really changing but I think we need to do a little more in analysis to make sure that we have that for you.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for your time today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Eisner of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, good morning, everyone. So just on the PTC asset here, PTC was down and PTC and signaling, I believe was down about a $150 million year-over-year based on that 30% decline. Can you talk about which buckets between signaling and kind of core onboard electronic PTC, how much of those were each declining? And then is there any change in the mix expectations for your flat guidance for 2017?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So Sam, on PTC, PTC hardware was down because capital spend was down. So we anticipate that this year the Class Is will buy after remainder of the PTC hardware. On the signaling side, we had one of the reasons we missed Q4, we had a pretty significant drop. It was actually a delay, a cancellation, but it's anticipated to come back in 2017. A delay in one of the major projects. It is associated with PTC, but we were doing signaling construction on that project. So it was for us, the scope was signaling category. So about $250 million of PTC last year out of the $350 million total train control and signaling was the revenue mix. So the signaling really was pretty constant at about $100 million 2015 to 2016 and the drop was in the PTC part of it.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. That's helpful there. And then where you called out these contracts adjustments and, certainly, it was a decent size headwind this quarter, is there a way to get a final point on what specifically these contract adjustments are? Are there cost overruns that are going on? Are you taking lower margins on longer term contracts because I don't know there are issues with it? I just wonder to have a better understanding of where these are being impacted, which segment, what specifically, any kind of greater details that you can give us on that would be great.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. The contracts were really associated with the overall delivery performance problems, Sam. They're very different  there were three contracts that were in different industries and different geographical markets, but for the most part they were associated with cost overruns unit due to supplier problems in two cases and basically late deliveries and all that.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Maybe just one last one. Are there any  you guys called out the synergies for 2017, but are there any additional cost saving actions that we need to be mindful of> I think this year there was pretty significant cost savings. So is there anything else that we should be mindful of entering next year in order to get to you roughly a 15% EBIT margins for the full year?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: We're going to continue the initiatives that we had last year. So, we'll continue to try to proactively as much as possible adjust our discretionary spending. So that includes all our expense items, travel and the like head count things like that as well as the synergy programs. So the synergy programs are very explicit. We have over 100 DTL programs with people responsible to deliver on those programs. We managed those on a day-to-day basis, but we have a unconsolidated meeting on a monthly basis. So, we have very good tracking mechanisms visibility and our focus is to accelerate those as much as possible, look for additional opportunities to add to that portfolio and to deliver on the ones we've already defined. And they're across the board, across the world, across every business. Every business unit leader, every functional leader has a target with specific projects associated with their responsibility.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And, Ray, just to follow up on that, is there any number that you can put behind the 2016 cost saving on the discretionary items? Thanks and I'll hop back in queue.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I'll let Pat chime in.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I've got to say that that's a little  we get that question a bit. I think the reality is that until we got to the fourth quarter and we had done a very good job of maintaining a margin with dropping revenue, and so those cost-saving initiatives in 2016 really are reflected in that improved margin. There was no one specific program initiative. All we did was we were constantly focused on identifying variable costs related to the volume change, but also being mindful of taking fixed cost out that would allow us to maintain that margin. So going forward, as Ray said, the real focus is on these synergies and integration opportunities we have, and we'll continue to do the same thing with the changes in volume.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Ivan Yi - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning. This is Ivan Yi on for Scott Group. Thanks for the time. Going to your...
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi, Ivan.
Ivan Yi - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, good morning. Can you provide a little bit more detail on your updated guidance? You lowered your revenues by about $100 million from $4.2 billion to $4.1 million (sic) [billion]. Can you put that into which bucket is that in, what product lines, what segments? Is that all freight? And then a similar question on the earnings guidance, where that's also been lowered from your original preliminary guidance in December as well. Are you seeing higher expenses in certain cost bucket? A little more color would be great.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay. As far as the revenue job, that's associated with a host of things. It's associated with the Freight market certainly, but also things like FX and other cost-related items. As far as the second part of the question, can you repeat It?
Ivan Yi - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes. Just similarly, are you seeing higher expenses in certain areas that prompted you to lower your earnings guidance from your preliminary projections in...
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: No, we're focused, as we said, on reducing expenses, driving down our overall SG&A and our costs and continuing to improve our margins. It's really about all against reduced revenues that we're trying to fight.
Ivan Yi - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you, okay. Secondly, can you describe the current acquisition pipeline both in the U.S. and internationally? Are certain markets a little more active than others? And I just want to get a sense of what you're seeing out there in the marketplace.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: We have still a very healthy pipeline. The pipeline is strong both in North America and internationally. One of the benefits of the Faiveley acquisition is they obviously have their own acquisition candidates. So we're now including those in our overall portfolios as we consider prioritizing acquisitions. So we have both international as well as domestic and Freight as well as Transit.
Ivan Yi - Wolfe Research LLC: Great, thank you so much for your time.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi, Allison.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I just want to go back on the positive train control and signaling comments. I think you mentioned flat to up slightly. Obviously, the biggest headwind was on the PTC side. What's changed? As we go heading towards the 2018 deadline, I would assume that would ramp up. Is there a piece, whether it's system, design or something that's not coming back to where you thought it was? Just help me understand that a little bit.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think for 2018, they're going to basically have to catch up in 2017 and 2018, and it has to be more loaded towards 2017 because by the end of 2018, the requirement is basically that all the equipment be installed and ready for commissioning. So there is about 20%  25% of the hardware that they still have to buy, and we expect that most of that is going to get bought out this year. Relative to the signaling side, a lot of infrastructure work has been completed, but they did pull back significant on the infrastructure. And then on top of that, we have new opportunities that we're booking for commuter lines and other railroads. So there is some pickup in new business associated with new projects as well as the completion associated with the existing PTC procurements.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. I know the aftermarket piece is a bit new, but it sounds like you're getting some maintenance agreements and so forth in there. Is it tracking where you thought it was, a little bit more, a little bit less, any color there?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So there were delays a little bit, Allison, honestly again another impact on last year's revenue. We were hoping to negotiate and close those earlier in the year. It was a long, protracted negotiation in most cases. Railroads are very good at what they do and we have most of the Class I's under contract now. So those start off slow, low. And as the PTC implementation continues, they'll ramp up. And the contracts are negotiated basically at the level that we thought they would be. We said 5% to 10% of the hardware OEM equipment level, and that's about where we're going to end up it looks like. We're pretty happy with the way the negotiations went once they were finished.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Agree. And then just last on Faiveley, are you  => I guess would a low to-mid-single-digit organic growth assumption be the right way to look at it in terms of your visibility for this year for them?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Overall, we think organic growth, low to mid-single digits is about where we think we'll be.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saree Boroditsky with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you, good morning. Could you provide some more color on the performance of the industrial business, and then just how you are thinking about that into 2017?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Sure. On the industrial business, we're not seeing any significant improvements in Industrial. It's pretty much similar to Freight. We're hopeful that that will change, but at this point we're not seeing any significant changes. On the other hand, we do have growth opportunities associated with industrial through the new product development and geographical extension that we talked about. So that intercooler project represents growth. We have businesses like industrial controls businesses in Australia and other places in the world that serve the power distribution and power generation market. So, I think we're forecasting a flat market for industrial similar to what we are at Freight but there are improvement areas that will offset the continued depressed areas that you see in this country.
Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you, that's helpful. And then just going back to the guidance, is the implied ramp in earnings, is that just due to Faiveley projects and synergies, or is there anything else that we should be thinking about?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: No, I think it's a total mix of our business. We're going to continue to manage our improved profitability in all of our businesses as we always do. That comes through our focus on cost improvement, on Lean, on reduced cost, support quality as well as the backlog that's associated with and the mix associated with Freight and Transit. Aftermarket business is strong, working to grow the aftermarket business in both of those areas to more OEM business you get in Transit to more aftermarket business, you have a 30  40-year life. So it's a mix across the entire business that margin generation.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yes, you are right. I mean, the two things are going to be the major factors is the project phasing that again we did not have the visibility of back in December. And, the second thing is, as we generate the synergies through the year, those are going to be the major contributors, but as Ray points out, these aren't the only two factors and we do have a tremendously diverse business model now that really provides us with the opportunity to deal with large headwinds. Think about the headwinds that we're going to be faced with, just FX and our headwinds from the Freight business in the U.S. both rail car and locomotive. So, I think that really speaks to the strength of our business model.
Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, that's very helpful. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. So I wonder if you could discuss what your expectations are for ECP in 2017?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: If you're referring to the regulation, it's being contested. We don't anticipate that issue is going to get resolve, Jason, this year. But I think it's going to continue to be debated and we haven't forecasted any revenue associated with ECP in the U.S.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Right. And how about the outlook for raw material cost? Are you seeing any beginnings of increases there?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So for our raw materials cost, basically, only about 6% of our total spend is associated with raw materials. We have indexes under contracts for each of the raw materials copper, aluminum, steel, et cetera. Some of the raw materials that are going up are offset by raw materials that are going down like rubber, glass, wood. So bottom line is we feel pretty comfortable that we're going to be able to manage any raw material inflation across our business for the year.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: But most importantly, we had either indices or surcharges with our customers and we also have fixed pricing with our suppliers.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: And where we're renegotiating those contracts to drive both fixed prices down frequently.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And can you remind us what percent of your total sales are derived from freight OEM currently?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: You mean, freight car and locomotive OEM?
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Correct.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Less than 10% of the business is related to new freight cars and locomotives in North America.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: All right. And then, just final housekeeping question, would you happen to have the shareholders' equity balance in the quarter?
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Sure. So, the shareholders' equity at the end of the year is $2,976,000,825.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thanks very much.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Brooklier of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. So I had a question around Faiveley synergies. I believe the $15 million to $20 million of synergies you anticipate to capture this year, that's up from your previous expectations. Maybe if you could just talk to what's changed why you believe you're going to be able to capture, roughly I think twice the amount of synergies that you've formally anticipated in 2017?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: That number really is basically the same and it's a gross number. We still have costs that are associated with that. And as we go through the year, we've already had, I can't tell you how many meetings we've had that's been concentrated on a program. We have a full time individual that's devoted to it. As we develop our synergy program, maybe the next call Ray and Pat could provide a lot more color and visibility on it. But right now, this is the best we have, is a gross number between $15 million and $20 million of synergies. But I think someone I know  I think I'd mentioned that we're tracking over 100 different projects right now.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So the number hasn't changed, it's just the $15 million to $20 million of growth.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: No, it's the same.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: You're anticipating some there's cost offset that gets you back on to the, I think, it's like a net $8 million to $10 million.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Exactly.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that helps. And then just broadly speaking, of the $50 million of total targeted synergies., could you talk to how much of that is related to cost and maybe how much of it is potentially related to some revenue synergies that you could capture with the combination of the business?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think that's an excellent question because I think long term that's really where the synergy is, is how we capture market share and grow our volume. I mean that's the whole reason, that's really the most profitable way to grow and we're really focused on it. There is some of that in the $50 million, but you have to be realistic about the acquisitions and ability to do that. We first have concentrated and focused on getting the integration, get the teams culturally combined and focused on the right thing. So, that will probably not be something you would expect in 2017, but beyond 2018 and 2019, it should start to grow, and that really is our long-term synergy, the main reason we keep saying this is the most strategic acquisition that Wabtec has ever done.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So just to clarify, the majority of the $50 million at this point in time are more focused on the cost versus the sales synergy potential?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I don't know how you define majority, but yes, most of them (1:03:33) add-on cost and not on growth.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: I'm just trying to get the confidence level in terms of hitting that number.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: And then...
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I've always classified them as hard synergies and soft synergies, and typically this revenue is a soft one.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then do you  for fourth quarter, do you have the breakout in terms of PTC revenue, how much of it was Freight and how much of it was Transit?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: 75% was freight, roughly.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then just lastly, you talked about, well, actually Ray mentioned, I wanted to clarify something that at this point in time, you've already signed the Class I rails into contracts for PTC maintenance and services. Moving forward, is that  did I hear that correctly?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Most of the Class Is are under contract, yes.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And the expectation is revenue from those contracts are expected to ramp as their systems go live, so probably expecting kind of minimal contribution from those contracts in 2017, is that a fair way to think about it?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yes, that's right.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's helpful.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: They'll will ramp up to a steady state this year, Matt.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And again, just to clarify, 5% to 10% of total revenue on  I guess on the equipment side of things for the class ones, that's a fair way to think about, the total annual maintenance and services to the revenue moving forward?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So we've said 5% to 10% of our PTC hardware the installed base that is out there.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thank you for the time.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Sam Eisner of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, sorry. Just a quick question here. Just on organic growth, there were a bunch of numbers that were thrown around. I thought, Pat, you said 6% to 7%, but then you also said flat to down on Freight and up 5% Transit. So, just help me kind of square. What are you guys expecting for organic growth in 2017? If you could put a number on it, that would be great?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Yeah. I think the confusion is around how much acquisitions play in that, whether you include Faiveley or not. The overall volume is up tremendously but internal growth is low to single-digit growth.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I appreciate all the detail...
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi, Steve.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: ...on the call so far. I just wanted to ask one a little further out. If you do look forward a few years to the point where the integration is well underway and we have say a stable to modestly growing freight market. Do you have a thought on what consolidated operating margin will look like given the new mix?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: The only thing I would say is, if you take a  if you step back and you take a look at the Faiveley business and we've identified in three years $50 million of synergies, one could easily just add that to their current position and you would have an indication on what their margin might look like. And I think, Pat, the challenge would be the margin question about our base business even under the volume demand to maintain those margins as they have within that percent. I think that long term, we should be able to maintain our high margin business in the traditional Wabtec businesses. So that would give you an idea and that's just looking at it from 20,000 feet.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Understood. So fair to say as you go towards the end of the decade that you would think there's a couple hundred basis points of improvement from the 15% full year that you're talking about right now. Is that timeframe realistic?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: All right. That's all I had today. Thanks.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristine Kubacki of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki - CLSA Americas: Good morning, guys. A question, a little bit longer term on the acquisition strategy now, it sounded like and I get the complexity of this deal was the largest you've taken on and you made the comment about distraction. It sounds like from a financial capability, it is no problem to continue with the acquisition strategy. But where we're at with Faiveley, do you think that there is still bandwidth within management to continue at pretty aggressive acquisition strategy over the next couple of years given what's on the plate with Faiveley still?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I think Kristine, Faiveley brought a tremendously strong management team with them. Stphane Rambaud-Measson has done an excellent job pre-acquisition to come to Faiveley to address some performance issues and improvement opportunities and he was well along on a transition put in place a strong management team around him and those folks are a good part of the people that are running the Transit business worldwide today. So they have certainly their own relationship experiences and acquisition candidates that they brought with them and I personally have already participated in three different acquisition visits with folks from a Faiveley legacy, Faiveley executive team. So yeah, they're a fundamental part of our organization now. We look at them as part of us. We don't say they and we anymore. And we have plenty of capacity, probably more capacity than we had before definitely more reach.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. And I'd add to that is, what I'm think, focuses is the integration and the synergy related to the acquisition. And as Ray mentioned in his prepared remarks, he said we're not having delusion that this is going to be a slam dunk easy acquisition. So the question is a very valid one and one that we take serious. And I think that when you look at where we're at in the integration process on this, from my years experience, I think we're kind of where we thought would be. I think the biggest hurdle was still one of cultural integration. And I think we'd be careful in going ahead with a huge one, although we have the capacity. I think you worry about resource allocation. You worry about attention to details. But I don't think we're years away from that. I think we're months away from that point.
Kristine Kubacki - CLSA Americas: Okay. And that's very helpful. Thank you very much, guys.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: It seems we have no other questions at this time. So I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for any closing remarks.
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay. Thanks for everybody's attention this morning. And we will talk to you in about two months with our first quarter earnings report. Have a great day.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.
Analysts: Kristine Kubacki - CLSA Americas Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Justin Long - Stephens, Inc. Matt S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Wabtec Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, the floor is yours, sir.
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Mike. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our third quarter 2015 earnings call. Let me introduce the others here in the room with me, Al Neupaver, Executive Chairman; Ray Betler; President and CEO; our CFO, Pat Dugan; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. We will first make our prepared remarks, then we will take your questions. And, of course, during the call, we will make forward-looking statements. So, we ask that you please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. In market conditions that continue to be very challenging, we had a good operating performance in the third quarter, with an EPS of $0.91. Excluding $0.03 per share of expenses related to our pending acquisition of Faiveley Transport, EPS would have been $0.94. Despite a revenue drop of 17%, we recorded an operating margin of 17.8%. Excluding those Faiveley costs, our margin would have been 18.3%. This performance resulted mainly from our cost-cutting actions and improved profitability in the Transit Group. As we've said before, we believe our diversified business model combined with an aggressive approach to reducing costs gives us the ability to manage through these cycles better than most. Full-year earnings per share are now expected to be between $4.00 to $4.04, which is at the lower end of our previous guidance. Revenues are now expected to be down about 12% for the year. This guidance does not include costs for any further restructuring activity or expenses related to our pending acquisition of Faiveley Transport. Clearly, we are operating in a challenging environment which means we have to focus on controlling what we can, being disciplined when it comes to costs and being focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities. The Faiveley update. We continue to make progress on our planned acquisition of Faiveley Transport, a leading global provider of value-added integrated systems and services for the railway industry, with annual sales of about $1.2 billion. We expect to complete the purchase of Faiveley family stake in November, subject to receiving final regulatory approvals. After that, we begin a tender offer for the remaining public shares. Given the lengthy regulatory process, we had to extend the deadline in the purchase agreements and also modified the terms slightly. The family now has the option of taking between 25% to 45% of their consideration in cash, with the rest in Wabtec common stock. Based on that option, the family could take between 4.8 million and 6.3 million shares in common stock. Faiveley's remaining public shareholders can elect to take 100% of their consideration in cash or a portion in Wabtec common shares, capped at the same percentage chosen by the family. Unlike in the original deal, no Wabtec preferred shares will be issued. So, the deal in our capital structure has been simplified. The modified deal reflects the reality that the economics have changed over the last 18 months, so we took a balanced approach in coming to these terms. Faiveley has the most compelling strategic rationale of any acquisition that we've ever completed. Our assessment has been reinforced as the process evolved over the last 18 months. Faiveley's most recent full year results included sales growth of about 5% and improved operating margin and a record backlog. The company has a rich tradition of innovation and excellence in the rail industry, with products such as doors, pantographs and HVAC equipment. This also gives us a chance to recombine the original WABCO Rail Brake divisions. As a result, we will be one of the world's largest public rail equipment companies, with total revenues of more than $4 billion in a worldwide freight rail and passenger transit industry. The combination further diversifies our business model, it extends our product and service capabilities, and enhances our technology and innovation initiatives, and expands our relationship with blue chip global customers. We will benefit from a complementary geographic presence, products and engineering activities. Finally, we expect to drive long-term annual synergies of at least 40 million to be achieved through enhanced revenue growth, supply chain efficiencies, operational efficiencies and cost savings, and by leveraging our SG&A capabilities. Ray, can you take it over and talk about our current market and growth opportunities?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Sure. Thanks, Al. Want to talk first about freight rail. Freight markets continue to be very challenging. We don't see much, if any, improvement in the short term. In NAFTA, freight rail traffic is down almost 7% in the first nine months of the year. Increases in almost all commodities in intermodal have been seen and traffic comparisons may start to get easier later in this year. But that doesn't mean actual traffic will improve, so we will continue to monitor the trends very closely. As a result of traffic decline, we lowered our NAFTA assumptions for freight cars and locomotives to about 60,000 and locomotives about 900. Along with the decrease in traffic, these factors represent a headwind of about $200 million in revenues compared to the year 2015. Freight traffic in some of our global markets is also a challenge, especially in heavy haul mining countries. Some of these headwinds could represent secular changes in our markets and some may be recessionary. Either way, we have reacted and will continue to react to these changes. Despite the current challenges, we believe the freight car market around the world will continue to grow over time, which is why we continue to increase our global footprint and our product offerings beyond our traditional NAFTA market. Let's talk about transit. Our transit markets remain stable, both in U.S. and abroad. Ridership is up slightly in the U.S., in the UK and down slightly in Canada. This year, we're expecting North American transit car deliveries to be slightly upward, bus deliveries about the same as last year. Transit funding in the U.S. is projected to grow again next year, thanks to federal government's multiyear transportation bill, which includes funding for positive train control. Due in part to this increased funding, we are seeing increased bidding activity for new projects that we expect will turn into orders over the next several years. Reflecting some of this activity, our transit backlog has been near record high with active projects in the U.S. and internationally. The financial performance of our Transit segment has also been good this year, with increasing sales and profitability. In part, this performance has been driven by ongoing margin improvements at Fandstan using principles of the Wabtec Performance System. Of course, we are applying these same principles in the integration of Faiveley. As for the overall transit market, remember, just as the freight market, we are focused on global growth and increasing our product offerings because international markets are much larger than NAFTA, and our international efforts will be strengthened through the Faiveley portfolio, their products and their capabilities. Let's turn to PTC and signaling. PTC and signaling remains an important part of our long-term growth opportunities, although it's part of the reason why our Freight revenues are down this year. As you know, our customers are working hard to implement PTC, but decreases in freight rail traffic have caused the railroads to reduce their CapEx budgets for both infrastructure spend and rolling stock. In addition, the deadline extension to at least 2018 has resulted in their spending plans. As a result of these factors, we're seeing lower revenues from PTC-related equipment and PTC services, mainly in the Freight Group. We expect a decrease of about 25% for the year. Long term, we expect PTC and spending will be a growth business for Wabtec, and we continue to invest in building the aftermarket for products and services. We have signed a couple maintenance agreements for service and we are working on many more. In addition to these multiyear agreements, we continue to work with our customers to develop additional features to the base PTC system and we're exploring international opportunities. Cost reductions. Before I discuss our growth initiative, I'd like to talk about our cost reduction programs, which have enabled us to maintain good margin performance despite a significant drop in sales. In this case, we have taken the following actions to control our costs. We have reduced total plant employment by more than 10% since the beginning of the year, with another 3% reduction in third quarter this year alone. We will continue to adjust our head count as necessary going forward. We made further cuts in discretionary spending at both corporate and our individual business units, and we've stepped up our efforts in the WPS, Wabtec Performance System area, which includes lean, supply management and quality initiatives. Due in part to these and other initiatives, our Transit Group profitability has improved this year, and we're driving further improvement over time. We continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Year-to-date, we have generated $247 million of cash flow from operations compared to net income of $267 million, which is pretty good performance, and we will continue our focus in the fourth quarter. Our priorities for allocating free cash have not changed, to fund internal growth programs, including product development and CapEx; to fund acquisitions, we've had ample opportunities to deploy capital in this area; to return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. At our annual meeting in May, we increased our dividend for the sixth straight year, and we have about $138 million left on our $350 million buyback authorization. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing costs, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. And our growth strategies remain the same, global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new products and technologies and acquisitions. So, let's talk about our progress in some of these areas. In the area of growth, global and market expansion. For this quarter, sales outside the U.S. were $366 million. In China, we received current collector orders for third rail current collectors from Wuhan Metro. We've received orders for brake components for freight cars and turnkeys, and we've received projects and are working to support those projects in India and South Africa associated with locomotives. Those projects will continue to ramp up further this year and next. In the aftermarket expansion area, aftermarket sales for the quarter were $380 million. We were selected for transit overhaul projects in the UK, and as I mentioned, we've signed a couple of maintenance and service agreements in the area of train control. And on new products, we have many internal development projects under way. A new plant in China for intercoolers for the power generation market, next-generation sintered pad production for high-speed rail, and bogie brake equipment for South African market. In the area of acquisitions, our pipeline continues to be active, and we're pleased with the opportunities we're reviewing. During the third quarter, we announced the acquisition of the Gerken Group, a leading manufacturer of specialty carbon and graphite products for rail and other industrial applications. The company has annual sales of about US$40 million and is part of our Transit Group. Gerken was founded 80 years ago, manufactures a variety of carbon brushes and strips, graphite and related products used in the railway traction area in power generation and other industrial markets. The company's sales are primarily in the aftermarket and are primarily outside of North America. Gerken's range of specialty products expands our capabilities with existing customers into new markets. It will be a good strategic fit with other Wabtec businesses such as Fandstan, Fulmer and our friction businesses. Pat, can you talk about some of the financial details for the third quarter?
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Sure. Thanks, Ray. Sales for the third quarter were about $676 million, which is about 17% lower than last year's quarter. This decrease was mostly due to the difficult market conditions in our Freight segment. Freight sales did decrease 29%. That is made up of lower organic sales from PTC, from the freight OE and aftermarket and other areas. That amounts to about $156 million decline. It's also affected by negative FX, about $2 million, but it's offset somewhat by acquisitions, which contributed $13 million of sales. Our Transit segment sales increased 4%. Organic sales grew by about $26 million, acquisitions a small, about $2 million, but that was affected by negative impact of FX, about $16 million. So, for the full year, we expect our Transit segment sales to grow and Freight to be down, mainly due to reduced revenues from train control-related equipment and services, lower than expected rail traffic volumes and lower industry deliveries of new freight cars and locomotives. Our operating income for the quarter was $120 million, which is about 17.8% of sales. Our SG&A for the third quarter was about $71 million, which is $11 million lower than the year-ago quarter, mostly due to our cost reduction plans, lower costs due to our lower sales and some lower expenses for benefits and compensation. I also want to mention that included in the results for operating income is about $3.2 million of expenses related to the pending Faiveley acquisition, so our adjusted operating margin is 18.3%. Our engineering expense was only down slightly mostly due to absorption of engineering costs against projects. Our interest expense was $6 million, which is higher than the year-ago quarter, mostly due to our higher debt balance. There's some financing for the Faiveley acquisition that's reflected in that interest expense. Other expense/income, we had income of about $1.2 million in the quarter, mainly from non-cash, foreign currency translations. In the year-ago quarter, we had expense of about $2.9 million for the same reasons. Looking at our effective tax rate for the quarter, it was 28.5% versus 31.5% in the year-ago quarter. This reduction is primarily related to the profit mix of domestic versus international business. And as that mix has shifted to jurisdictions with lower tax rates, this results in an overall improvement in our tax expense. For this same reason, we are now assuming an effective tax rate of about 30% for the year compared to our initial assumption of about 32%. I just want to remind everybody that that's an annual forecast and quarters will vary due to any change in our annual estimated effective tax rate and the timing of any discrete items. EPS for the quarter, earnings per diluted share, were $0.91. And excluding the $0.03 per diluted share for the Faiveley-related expenses I mentioned earlier, we would have had EPS of about $0.94. As a reminder, through the first nine months of the year, our GAAP EPS was $2.92 and excluding about $0.12 per diluted share for the Faiveley-related expenses, we would have had EPS of about $3.04. Looking at our balance sheet, it remains strong and it provides the financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We have an investment grade credit rating and our goal is to continue to maintain that. Our working capital at September 30 included trade and unbilled receivables were about $624 million. Inventories were about $496 million and our payables were about $277 million. Cash on hand at September 30 was $250 million, and it's mostly held outside the U.S. It was $303 million at June 30. These balances do not include the $210 million we're currently holding in escrow related to the Faiveley transaction. During the quarter, just something to point out, during the quarter, we repurchased about 1.1 million shares of our common stock for about $78 million or about $71.5 per share. And I'll remind you, we have another $138 million remaining under our current authorization for stock buybacks. Our debt at September 30 was $820 million compared to $744 million at June 30. We generated $247 million in cash from operations for the first nine months of the year, which we think is a pretty good performance. For the year, we continue to expect to generate more cash from operations and net income. That is always our goal. Earlier this year, just something I want to point out, we signed a new bank agreement that includes a $1.2 billion revolving credit facility and a $400 million term loan. These new agreements provide most of the financing that we're going to need for the Faiveley acquisition and also provide capital for the continued investment of our growth initiatives, including any other acquisitions. So, just a couple items for your models. Our depreciation for the quarter was $11 million versus last year's quarter of $11 million. Amortization was $5.3 million versus $5.5 million a year ago. And our CapEx for the quarter was $12.6 million compared to $12.2 million a year ago. And we expect for the full year that our CapEx would be right around $50 million. Backlog information. At September 30, our multiyear backlog was $1.93 billion, which is slightly lower than the end of the second quarter. Transit consisted of about $1.4 billion and Freight was $537 million. Our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multiyear backlog, was about $1.2 billion, also slightly down from the second quarter; Transit, $750 million, and Freight was about $420 million of that 12-month backlog. The total backlog figures do not include about $150 million of pending orders and contract options. We do not include them or count them in the backlog until the customer exercises those and makes those commitments. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks a lot, Pat. Once again, we had a good operating performance in the third quarter, and we're pleased with our margin performance. We continue to face challenging market conditions. So, we updated our financial guidance for the year of EPS now expected to be between $4.00 and $4.04, and revenue is expected to be down about 12%. In this environment, we will stay focused on what we can control, managing our cost and generating cash. We are pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see, especially with the expected closing of the Faiveley Transport acquisition. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question we have comes from Kristine Kubacki of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki - CLSA Americas: Hey. Good morning.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning and welcome back.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hi.
Kristine Kubacki - CLSA Americas: Thank you. Just a question about the aftermarket. You talked about it not  at least I inferred from your comments about it  it not getting a whole lot better. But we've seen carloading growth sequentially kind of tick up. Are you seeing any trends that would suggest that it sounds like some of the lessors are pushing cars out and we're seeing utilization tick up. So, are you seeing any sequential trends that would give us hope that things have bottomed on the aftermarket side?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think that if you looked at traditional aftermarket, I think you're probably correct, Kristine. I think that the volumes kind of have bottomed out and you're seeing some improvement. But I remind you that the PTC sales that we had were in the aftermarket, which kind of caused us a little variation there for us. And those particular aftermarket sales are off. I think for the quarter, we're down to like $55 million in absolute PTC sales, and if you look at year-to-date, that puts us at around $200 million. Our forecast for the year, we talked about PTC and related signaling business being off about 25%. So, I think that's why we're seeing a little more pressure on the aftermarket than you would expect from the statistics that we all see.
Kristine Kubacki - CLSA Americas: Okay. And going forward then, I mean, as we're looking at the deadline coming in 2018, do you expect then that we'll see the reacceleration in PTC activity as we move into 2017?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I think as we go into 2017 and 2018, we expect that the spending will increase in that area. Give you an idea what work needs to be done, the last report we saw, it said only 30-some percent  34% of the freight locomotives were fully equipped. In the Transit, it's less than that, like 29%. Training is only 40%. Radio and tires and signals are a higher percentage, but there's still a lot of work to be done. The spend so far is about $6 billion and the Class 1s had expected to spend near $10 billion. So, there's still a lot of work to be done. And as that work continues, we expect our revenues to come back. In transit, there's even less work than accomplished. It's only about one-third of spend they estimate to be at $3.5 billion. So, I think a lot of people took a look at  had the chance to reassess their deployment of their capital and where and what needed to be done. And I think that, all in all, we should see that grow as we go forward. I think it will be a positive thing for us in 2017 and 2018.
Kristine Kubacki - CLSA Americas: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Saree Boroditsky of Deutsche Bank.
Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. So just following up on the aftermarket question, could you provide color on aftermarket, excluding positive train control, and just how that revenue should trail trade volumes?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I don't have that in my  I don't have it available right now. We could get that for you. Maybe, Ray, do you have...
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, just to talk about it in terms of scope and services. So outside of train control area, our aftermarket obviously addresses the services business which, as Kristine pointed out, looks like maybe it bottomed out and is starting to come up with rail traffic in some areas, like grain picking up. But heavy haul commodities, like coal and things like that, we don't expect to recover, at least not significantly. That's a big aftermarket revenue generator for us. So, it's a mixed bag in the traditional service area as a result of traffic. We do have overhaul business in the aftermarket area. Some overhauls might have been canceled or delayed, and we're starting to see some come back now in the market for bid. So, I think, in 2017 and 2018, there may be some after haul opportunities associated with locomotives that we'll be able to hopefully bid and capture. That type of business is also mixed in our aftermarket area. Obviously, friction is a big area for us. We're not seeing a lot of improvement in the friction area at this time. So, it's really a mixed bag.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. In absolute numbers, I do have the numbers. If you look at PTC, I think it went down close to $30 million quarter-on-quarter, and the aftermarket went down $50 million. So, that would give you a little bit of the idea of the absolute numbers.
Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. That's really helpful. And then, just one more. It seemed like a lot of your underlying assumptions didn't change on your outlook. So, could you provide us some color on what really drove your lower guidance?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: The lower guidance, I think if you take a look at what we actually had in the second quarter as far as performance, and then we took a look at what we think we could do in the fourth quarter, obviously we're going to have an improvement in the fourth quarter. There is seasonality in the third quarter that I think a lot of people really didn't account for. And when you look at our guidance, the things that I think are causing us concerns is obviously the freight car build continues to decline, as does the locomotive from our original assumptions. We're still unable to really predict when the PTC spending will be reversed. And that's been the hardest thing for us to try to estimate going forward is what that spend is going to be in that particular area. We've also continued to have FX headwind that we're working toward. And I think that we have stated and we just discussed that volume has somewhat leveled off. But you add all those factors together and you realize it's a very challenging marketplace, at least for the next quarter.
Saree Boroditsky - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. Thanks for answering my questions. I'll get back in queue.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay.
Operator: Next, we have Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey. Thanks. Morning, guys.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning, Scott.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, morning. So, just wanted to follow up on that last point, Al. So, if I'm doing the math right on PTC down call it 25% for the year, I think that implies like that fourth quarter PTC sales go almost double to like $95 million from the $55 million in the third quarter. Am I doing that math right? And if that's right, what's driving that big sequential uptick?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. The 25% is PTC plus related signaling, okay. It's not just PTC, all right. So, if you look, yeah, I think that's the big difference. So we do expect some signaling business to pick up in the fourth quarter. There are some projects that should allow us to pick up business there. As far as the PTC revenue itself, I don't think we're anticipating there's going to be any major change. It's really going to be in the signaling and the related equipment.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: And how big is the signaling business right now, ex-PTC?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: It's about, the signaling business adds close to $100 million in revenue.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: And so, that's why we started talking about it. It's become a major portion of our business and will continue to grow. And a lot of the things that are involved with that is signaling design that's related to PTC. There is also related projects in transit. You also see a lot of work in that particular, where train control, design, systems and implementation and construction. Those are some of the auxiliary businesses that we were able to acquire over the last couple years that really adds to our total signaling business.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That makes sense. And then, just on the Faiveley deal, you mentioned that you had to change the structure because, I don't know if you said the economics have changed or something has changed. Can you just give a little color on what's changed and why the move from preferred to common stock in the split of cash versus stock?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay. Let's start at the top. I mean, the original deal was set to expire later this week. So, we elected to put in place in an extension that allows us a little additional time to complete some various pre-closing requirements. As we said in the release, right now, we expect the acquisition to close in November. The deal that we struck reflects the reality of the economics of the original transaction have changed, and with the Faiveley family receiving less value due to the decrease in our stock price. So, we negotiated the original deal. And in the modified deal, we addressed as many issues as we can that come up over a long period of time. I mean, this has been 18 months since we struck the deal. And one of the things that was important to us is to simplify the mechanics of the transaction by eliminating the preferred stock, and therefore a preferred dividend. What we've tried to do, and I think we said this in the text, was we tried to get a fair, balanced approach to what the deal was and what the deal is. And I think if you look at decreasing stock and the FX changes, there was probably $60 million to $70 million difference in the actual purchase price, and we negotiated something that we feel is fair for the Faiveley as well as the Wabtec team and simplified the deal as best we can. And it was about a 50-50 type approach on the actual value numbers.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That makes sense. And just last thing on...
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Last thing on the Faiveley deal. So, can you just walk us through the mechanics of, if the Faiveley, the family  the 51% of the deal closes in November, how do we put that into our models for the fourth quarter, and are you assuming  what's kind of the amount of revenue and earnings you're assuming in the fourth quarter guidance? And maybe just, I know it's a long question, but anything, any color you can give us on amortization costs and integration costs.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: We could tell you there's nothing in the guidance related to the Faiveley cost or revenue or profit. We will not be able to give you total color until about five days in advance, and that's when they have to notify us what percentage they want between the 25% and 45% cash. At that point, when we do close, our intent is to have a conference call and we would, at that point, try to provide color for the rest of the quarter, and some future-looking reviews. We won't provide guidance of 2017, but we'll definitely give you some directional stuff.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Makes sense. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay.
Operator: Next, we have Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Could you guys talk a little bit about your potential visibility for positive train control? Just trying to get a sense of when you guys would have your conversations with your customers, talking about 2017 plans, I would have to imagine visibility there is a little longer than a traditional aftermarket product.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: It's hard to predict right now for us. The visibility is not very good, and that's one of the reasons why we've really struggled the last two quarters in trying to get a forecast out there. Projects keep getting pushed out, whether they're transit PTC-related projects or just the spend by the Class 1s. We know what needs done to complete the implementation. We also know what other enhancements we're going to be able to provide. We do have good visibility on the technical support and MSAs. As Ray said, the service agreements, we have a couple of them signed, and we're working on some others that will give us a lot more certainty on what the forecast and our revenue is. But right now, it has been difficult. I think that it should clear up later in the year, early next year, and we should have a pretty good estimate going forward. But right now, it's hard to predict quarter-to-quarter because of project delays and the spending is just not being done in this particular area.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Understood. And then on the Freight side, Ray, you highlighted the U.S. and some of your traditional global markets being challenged, and it's likely that they're probably going to be challenged for some time, but you also mentioned some opportunities. Can you maybe give us some color on other global opportunities in freight that could serve as an offset to this?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Again, it's a mixed bag, Allison. In some countries, there's good opportunities, like India as you know, we won a large order for freight locomotives in India. We're in the process of localizing that work. We're investing in facilities there and we're building our resources and project team there. So, that's a very positive market for us. We're seeing some improvement in Australia. We still are delivering locomotive and freight industry equipment in South Africa. Brazil is slow but we do have an order for new bogie brake mounted equipment in Brazil. In Russia, they've announced that they want to retire all freight vehicles that are 30 years old or more, which is a positive sign for us. So, it's not  I wouldn't call it robust, the international opportunities, but there are some positive international opportunities that we're engaged in.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Jason Rodgers, Great Lakes Review.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Hello, guys.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Hey.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: If you could provide your expectations for the Transit side of things to meet your guidance in the fourth quarter, just in terms of projects?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So on the Transit side, we have a record backlog in Transit, Jason. And on the Transit side, we've won major order in North America this year. We continue to pick up small orders around the world. We have very strong business in Fandstan, that's power collection, mainly. We're getting ready to bid on the next two large orders in the North American market, the largest of which will be the next order in New York City. So, on the transit side, it's very positive. We just won a large overhaul order, another one in the UK. We have a very good market share in the UK Transit side, on the overhaul business. So, both on the OEM, in the overhaul side, transit's a very positive trend for us.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And just one more follow-up on PTC. What would be the penalty for railroads not meeting the PTC deadline? Because I noticed a few railroads aren't expected to have that implemented until 2020?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I think as far as the penalties, they haven't been explicitly defined by the government. I mean, if you  there was a deadline in 2015 and the penalties from that were an extension to 2018. So, I can't predict what the government position will be when that time comes. But what I can tell you is that our customers are working hard to implement. I recently visited UP. I'm heavily engaged with all of our Class 1 railroads, and they're working hard on the implementation, as Al said, they have cut back significantly their CapEx. They're trying to balance their pros and cons in terms of expenditures and value, just like we are in a tough market.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then finally, I wonder if you could just talk about the performance in the quarter outside of the rail markets.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, again, it's a mixed bag, Jason. The oil and gas hasn't improved, as you know, but we do have some other business. We have business associated with power generation and power distribution. We're building a plant in China, we spoke about that before, to deliver new equipment in the power generation area, that's thermal equipment. We have a nice array of business in areas like porch for railing systems, festoon systems with Fandstan. We have some commodity business that generates from things like our rubber business. So, it's again, I would say, it's not robust and there are certainly pressures on the oil and gas side that haven't recovered, but we do have some positive movement in the industrial side.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next is Justin Long of Stephens.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks and good morning, guys.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Wanted to ask another one on Faiveley. Given the revised terms for the deal, have your expectations for accretion changed materially? And secondly, do you have an updated expectation for what pro forma leverage will look like after the deal?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay. I'll take the first one and Pat could take the second one. As we said in the text, as we've gone through this process over the 18th month, we've been nothing but happy with what we're seeing. We're very pleased with their progress and we're excited about the opportunities and, hopefully, we could provide a lot more color about that when we have our call after the close.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Fair enough.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So in terms of  sorry.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Go ahead on the leverage.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Right. So we modeled this a couple different ways. I mean, the Faiveley family  read the press release there  has some options and can elect a range of cash versus stock. So, if you just assume the most conservative view, that they take the most cash that they can, we'll have a leverage ratio that will be approaching 3 times, which is a little bit higher than what we had originally said, but well within a comfort range that I think makes sense, especially considering the aggressive and important deleveraging program that we'll have as we get the companies combined, drive the results of the two companies and generate cash.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then, you mentioned a couple of times that you've won some maintenance agreements for PTC. And I was wondering if you could provide any more color on that in terms of the size and/or length of these deals, and any clarity on when we could start seeing a revenue contribution from those agreements.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, Justin, I would tell you this, the length of the agreements vary three to five years. That's about the timeframe that we're negotiating. The agreements are coming in from the Class 1s, as well as, I think we mentioned MRS in the past. So, we're in a process of negotiating with all the Class 1 railroads. We've closed a couple. I don't want to mention them by name, but we believe that by the end of this year, we'll have closed the ones for North America  or for the U.S. I'm not so sure about the Canadians, but at least for the Class 1s in the U.S.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. And when do you think we can start to see revenue from those deals materialize? Is it a 2017 event?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: We have some revenue already that we're booking and it will accelerate in 2017, yes.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then last question was on signaling. I wanted to clarify, I think, Al, you mentioned $100 million in signaling revenue. Was that a number for the third quarter? If not -
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: No. That's an annual number, Justin.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Can you provide maybe what the signaling revenue was or, I guess, you've been providing the train control and signaling revenue number the last few quarters, what that was in the third quarter. And then secondly, any commentary that you can provide around the margin profile of that signaling business relative to PTC? Is it a similar margin or is there a gap between the two?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Okay. The PTC sales were about $55 million and the total train control, including the signaling, was about $80 million. So you had about, what is that, $25 million.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. In Q3.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. In Q3. As far as the margin, there's some of the businesses similar to the PTC. When you get into some of the construction business, it's less than the PTC average.
Justin Long - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. I appreciate the time.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next we have Matt Brooklier of Longbow Research.
Matt S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. So, wanted to circle back on PTC. Al, you mentioned you guys booked $55 million of total PTC revenue, and $80 million when you include the signaling component. How did that break out between the Freight and Transit divisions?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Three quarters of it was related to Freight.
Matt S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: And that was only a little bit international, and maybe 5% or so.
Matt S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then my other question relates to your guidance. If I look at what's implied for fourth quarter, it seems like it's a pretty sequential, a pretty big sequential step up. Historically, you've seen closer to kind of a low single-digit increase in terms of your earnings cycle. And the implied guidance, if I take the midpoint, is implying something closer to like a 10% increase. You mentioned there's some pickup, maybe, on the signaling side in terms of projects, but what else is moving the needle sequentially? Are there certain projects that start up in fourth quarter? Are you guys doing some incremental things on the cost savings side? I'm just trying to get my arms around that big jump from 3Q to 4Q.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: So, Matt, it's a combination of a lot of incremental things. So, we're continuing to address the cost side for sure, both in discretionary costs area as well as head count. We have a forecasting process in place that we're reviewing our forecast on a weekly basis. We have some improvement on the revenue side that we're anticipating that is obviously going to bring additional EBIT. So, it's a combination of a lot of incremental things. There's no one big step change third to fourth quarter.
Matt S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: And we also, we see a pretty good increase in revenue in the Transit area.
Matt S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Some of which is PTC project related possibly.
Matt S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: And then, what are your expectations for Faiveley deal costs in fourth quarter? I think deal costs been running at about $3 million the past couple of quarters.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: They're not included. They're not included at all.
Matt S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. They're not included in the guide, but I guess are you able to talk to what the potential magnitude of the costs would be?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Well, the only thing is, is when we close in November, there's a lot of expenses related to that, success fees, banker fees, financing fees and everything else. So, we'll have a lot of moving parts when we get to talk to you.
Matt S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So, it sounds like it's a bigger number than what we saw in 3Q is the message.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I don't know. Yeah. If you look at it today and with banker fees and the investment banking fees, yeah, it will be larger.
Matt S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Appreciate the time.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Liam Burke of Wunderlich.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, Ray. Good morning, Al.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Ray, with the rough freight market this year, do you see additional opportunities to further consolidate the market or receive better pricing on potential acquisitions?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: There's a lot of small and weak suppliers that are falling out, that's for sure. I don't think we're going to see any major consolidation, though, in the market, Liam.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay. And on the signaling side, you talked about $100 million in annual revenue. It's a much, much larger market than that. How do you see a ramp-up? Are you going to need acquisitions to supplement your growth, or do you see enough opportunities with your base of business to continue to get where you need to go?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think we need to do both organic development and acquisitions. You're talking about a $12 billion market-plus, and the opportunities are pretty broad if you look across a total signaling market worldwide, and are broad in terms of your definition, then you're talking about a $22 billion market across ERTMS, the European train management system, traditional mass transit signaling system, things like that. So, we're trying to locate niche opportunities. We're trying to leverage our capabilities that exist now. For instance, some of that non-PTC related revenue Al talked about is in the control systems area, where we could expand our central control and office products. We could expand our diagnostics. We have a data analytics system called Wabtec-1 that we're putting in place. We are looking at improving the vitality of our systems, so going from non-vital to vital systems. So, there's a lot of areas that we can continue extensions of our existing technology, and then acquire businesses. But you kind of have two choices in the signaling area, either you go big bang and you acquire a billion-dollar signaling organization, it is full-fledged signaling across all market areas; or you do it in small incremental steps. And we kind of are pursuing the latter.
Liam D. Burke - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Ray.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just another 4Q question. Really great performance on the SG&A line in 3Q. Is that a reasonable run rate for 4Q? And how should we think about run rate going into the first part of next year?
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I think in terms of run rate, I think about $75 million would be the right number there. There are definitely some items that are in there that are discrete, that were to our favor, but $70 million to $75 million is probably the right number going forward.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Next year, we're going to have to re-base.
Patrick D. Dugan - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah, next year, we're going to have to re-baseline with the Faiveley acquisition, but our portion of that, I guess, would be that would be the run rate.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yeah. I'm just trying to get a sense for kind of what your stand-alone profitability will be next year or cost level, and then we can talk about Faiveley in November. 2015 operating margin was 18.5%. You'll probably come in around the same level this year, even with a 12% revenue decline. Not trying to get too specific on next year, but if we do look at stand-alone WAB and you assume a continuation of freight declines and an improving transit market, do you think you could maintain that margin with that mix if overall revenue comes down a bit?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: If you look at what we've been able to do today and the drastic changes, next year, as we see it, there should be some benefits of that restructuring and cost-cutting actions. I think that we've been able to improve. I think Ray mentioned this in his talk, we actually improved our Transit margins nicely throughout the year. And I think by doing that, we've offset the mix effect of a lower-margin business. So, I think that we should be able to continue that trend into the future. And you're right. I mean, there are some negatives that will continue into next year, and that's the car build and possibly the locomotive build. The actual traffic will have a big dependence on what happens with the economy. But I think some of the projects, our strategic plan, execution, there's a lot more positives than negatives.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yeah. No, I understand. To your point on the locomotives, do you know what percentage of that fleet is idle right now? And are you more going into storage or coming out at this point?
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think in terms of storage, it's up around 25%, Steve. As far as in or out, there's some pickup in mainly the area of grain. It's going to be a record year for grain, so there is some pickup there. But I don't think  it's certainly not a dramatic change at this point. We're not seeing any dramatic change. I think it's trending in a positive direction and hopefully we hit the low point in terms of traffic, but it's not dramatic change.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, I guess if these general trends kind of continue into the first part of next year, you would  would you think that the 900 build rate is a reasonable number on a go-forward basis?
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: I think if the traffic flattens out, it could be there or a little less. If the traffic continues to drop, then I think you know what direction it will go.
Raymond T. Betler - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We're hopeful that one of two things will happen if they don't build new, that some of the overhaul projects that were identified and delayed will come back. That's a very positive opportunity and frankly, more of a short-term opportunity than the OEM.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Right. All right. Thanks for the time.
Albert J. Neupaver - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: All right. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Well, at this time, there appears to be no further questions. We'll go ahead and conclude today's question-and-answer session. I will now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Tim Wesley for any closing remarks. Sir?
Timothy R. Wesley - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Mike. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. And we hope to talk to you next month after we complete the purchase of the family stake. Have a good day. Bye bye.
Operator: And we thank you, sir, and to the rest of management team also for your time today. Again, the conference call has now concluded. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Again, we thank you all for participating. Take care and have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you, Andrea. Hello, and good morning everybody. Welcome to our second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Let me introduce the others here in the room with me, Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman; Ray Betler; our President and CEO; our CFO, Pat Dugan; and our Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz. We'll make our normal prepared remarks, and then be happy to take your questions. Before starting the call we will make forward-looking statements. So please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Despite some tough market conditions we had another good earnings performance in the second quarter, with earnings per share of $1. Excluding $0.05 per share of expenses related to our pending acquisition of Faiveley Transport, EPS would have been $1.05. In particular, our margin performance was strong. Despite a revenue drop of almost 15% we recorded an operating margin of 18.4%, the same as the year ago quarter, even including those Faiveley costs, this margin performance resulted mainly from our cost cutting actions and improved profitability in the Transit Group. As we've said before, we believe our diversified business model, combined with an aggressive approach in reducing cost, gives us the ability to manage through these cycles better than most. But we are not immune to changing market conditions. Thus, we are updating some of our assumptions and our guidance. Our full year earnings per share are now expected to be between $4 and $4.20. Revenues are now expected to be down about 10% for the year. The midpoint of the EPS range would be flat with last year's EPS. This guidance does not include cost for any further restructuring activities or expenses related to our pending acquisition of Faiveley Transport. I'll talk more about Faiveley in a minute. The guidance now assumes the following; revenues from train control equipment and related services, signaling that is, will be down about 20%, significantly lower than we expected. Rail traffic will be down 7% to 8% for the year, you may recall at the beginning of the year we were expecting traffic to be about flat. Deliveries of freight cars and locomotives will be slightly lower than expected. There will be no changes in foreign exchange rates from current levels. A tax rate of about 30% for the year. And we are assuming diluted shares outstanding of about 91 million for the year for EPS calculation purposes. Taking all of this into account, we expect our second half revenues and EPS to be similar to the first half of the year, including some normal third quarter seasonality. So clearly we are operating in a challenging environment, which means, we have to focus on controlling what we can, being disciplined when it comes to cost, and being focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities. During the second quarter, we continued to make progress on our planned acquisition of Faiveley Transport, a leading global provider of value-added integrated systems and services for the railway industry with annual sales of about $1.2 billion. We are working through the regulatory approval process, and currently expect to obtain competition authority approvals late in the third quarter, so we expect to close the acquisition in the fourth quarter. Of course we cannot predict with certainty the timing of our overall regulatory approval process. We do not expect at this time that any of the required remedies would be material from a financial perspective. This opportunity probably has the most compelling strategic rationale of any acquisition we've ever made. Faiveley has a rich tradition of innovation and excellence in the rail industry, with products such as high-speed brake systems, doors and HVAC equipment. This also gives us the chance to recombine the original WABCO Rail Brake division. As a result, we will be one of the world's largest public rail equipment companies with total revenues of about $4.5 billion in the worldwide freight rail and passenger transit industries. We share complementary geographies with minimal overlap, the acquisition further diversifies our end-market offerings, it extends our product and service capabilities, it enhances our technology and innovation initiatives, and expands our relationship with blue-chip global customers. All of this was with centered (06:22) synergies to drive growth. We expect long-term annual synergies of about 40 million to be achieved over the first few years, through enhanced revenue growth, supply chain efficiencies, operational efficiencies, and cost savings, and by leveraging our SG&A capabilities. The combined global scale in freight and transit rail equipment will help drive operational excellence. And we will improve our ability to offer safety, productivity, and efficiency enhancements to the global rail markets. Faiveley announced its full year results in May, and the results were positive. Sales growth of about 5% for the year, including 9% growth in their services or aftermarket business. Their adjusted operating profit was about 10%. This result was better than the prior year. They announced several significant new projects with their order book growing about 2%. It stands at about $1.8 billion. In Europe, they won brake system and door projects in France, Germany, and Belgium. In the Asia Pacific area, they booked orders for brakes, doors, and HVAC in India, and couplers and doors in Hong Kong. In the Americas, HVAC in the U.S. and doors in Brazil were added. So we're very excited about the future growth opportunities provided by this acquisition, and we're working hard to get it completed. In the meantime, we will remain focused on running our business. Ray, if you would, could you cover our current market and growth strategies, please?
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks, Al. As Al stated, freight market conditions do remain very challenging, and we don't see much if any improvement this year. In NAFTA, freight rail was down more than 7% for the first half, with decreases in almost all commodities and intermodal. The freight comparisons will start to get easier in the second half, but that doesn't mean actual traffic will improve. So we will continue to monitor this trend very closely. As a result of this traffic decline, we're lowering our NAFTA assumption for freight cars and locomotives to about 60,000 cars and about 900 locomotives. Along with the decrease in traffic, these factors represent a headwind of about $200 million in revenue compared to 2015. And as a result, our Freight sales will be down for the year. Freight traffic in some of our global markets is also challenged, especially in the heavy haul mining countries. So some of these headwinds could represent secular trends in our markets and some may be recessionary. But either way, we have reacted and continued to react to these changes. Despite the current challenges, we believe the freight rail market around the world will grow over time, which is why we continue to increase our global footprint and our product offerings beyond our traditional NAFTA markets. Let's move to Transit. The transit markets remained stable both in the U.S. and abroad. In the first quarter of this year, ridership was slightly up in the U.S. and the UK, slightly down in Canada. This year, we're expecting North America transit car deliveries to be up about 4%, with bus deliveries about the same as last year. We have seen some transit projects delayed in recent quarters, and we expect some of them to start ramping up as we go through the year. Transit funding in the U.S. is projected to grow in the fiscal year 2016 as the federal government did finally pass a multi-year transportation bill, which included funding also for PTC for commuters. Due in part to the increased funding, we are seeing increased bidding activities for new projects that we expect will turn into orders over the next several years. Reflecting some of this activity, our Transit backlog has been near record high. U.S. projects include Boston, Chicago, New York, New Jersey. International projects, throughout Europe and Asia, and in Central and South America. The financial performance for our Transit segment has also been good this year, with increasing sales and profitability. In part, this performance has been driven by ongoing margin improvements in Fandstan (11:12) using the principles of WPS, of course, we will be applying those same principles throughout the integration process of Faiveley. As for the overall transit market, remember, just as with the freight market, we are focused on global growth and increasing our product offerings because the international markets are so much larger than NAFTA. PTC and signaling, I'd like to take a moment and give you an update on PTC and signaling because it's an important part of our long-term growth opportunities, but it's also the reason why our Freight revenues are down this year. As you know, our customers are working hard to implement PTC, the decreases in rail traffic have caused the railroads to reduce their CapEx budgets both in infrastructure and rolling stock. In addition, the deadline extension to at least 2018 has resulted in changes in the spending plans. As a result of these factors, we're seeing lower revenues in the PTC-related equipment and services mainly in the Freight Group. At the beginning of the year, we expected revenues from PTC and signaling to grow slightly this year, but now we expect a decrease of about 20%. In fact, of the revenue decrease in our Freight segment this quarter, about one-third was due to lower PTC and signaling sales. Long term, we expect PTC and signaling will be a growth business for Wabtec, and we continue to invest in building the aftermarket for products and services. In the meantime, we are booking new PTC projects, including the $21 million contract with Terminal Railroad Association, TRA (sic) [TRRA], of St. Louis. Wabtec, under that contract, will provide equipment for 17 locomotives for wayside and communications design for construction and training, and also systems integration. Cost reductions; before I discuss growth initiatives, I'd like to talk about our cost reduction programs, which have enabled us to maintain our margins despite a significant drop in sales. In this case, we have taken the following actions to control our cost and those things that we can. We've reduced total planned employment by more than 10% since the beginning of the year. We'll continue to adjust as necessary our head count going forward. We've cut discretionary costs both at the corporate level and throughout all business units. We've set more aggressive goals for activities associated with WPS including, lean supply chain management and quality initiatives. Due in part to these and other initiatives, our Transit Group profitability has improved in the first half of the year, and we are driving for further improvement over time. We continue to focus on growth and cash generation. In the quarter, we generated $134 million of cash flow from operations, compared to net income of $90 million, which is pretty good performance. Year-to-date, we have generated $209 million or 14% of revenues, which is also good performance. And we continue to focus in the second half of the year on cash generation. Our priorities to allocating free cash have not changed. Those are to fund internal growth programs, including product development and CapEx; to acquire, and we do have ample opportunities for acquisitions to deploy capital in this particular area; to return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. At our Annual Meeting in May, we increased our dividends for the sixth straight year, and we have about $216 million left on our $350 million buyback authorization. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing costs, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. Our growth strategies also remain the same. Those are to focus on global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new product technologies and acquisitions. So, let's talk about each of these. In the global market expansion area, for the quarter, sales outside of the U.S. were $385 million. We booked a follow-on order for draft gears for freight cars in India. We booked orders for brake equipment, including the ECP, for iron ore cars in Australia, and we booked an order for ECP on locomotives in South Africa. On the aftermarket expansion side, our aftermarket sales for the quarter were $445 million. We've won a multi-year order to provide the overhaul high-speed transit cars for our customer in the UK. In the new product area, we have many ongoing internal projects. TMX, the truck mounted braking assemblies for Russia, our bogie mounted brake systems for India, commuter locomotives in the Tier 4 emission requirements, new door actuators for subway cars, new rail track components for auto rack freight cars and Fandstan is developing fast-charging stations for hybrid and electric buses. On the acquisition side, our pipeline continues to be active. And we're pleased to announce the opportunities of Unitrac and Pride Bodies. We have other opportunities in the pipeline and, although we can't predict the timing, we expect to announce one in the very near future. On Unitrac and Pride Bodies, those acquisitions provide a variety of track-related products and services. They have combined annual sales of $45 million. Unitrac is a leading designer and manufacturer of railway track products such as turnouts, panels, and frogs, which customers include both short-line railroads as well as Class I, and also transit authorities through North America  throughout North America. Pride Body (sic) [Pride Bodies] equips rail and utility vehicles with custom rail gear, cranes, air systems and lighting equipment. The focus of these companies is infrastructure, which represents up to 70% of annual of rail growth CapEx. With these acquisitions, we now have more than $100 million of annual sales, in this particular market segment, and we intend to grow up from here. So, Pat, can you talk about some financial details on the second quarter, please?
Patrick D. Dugan: Sure. Thanks, Ray. Sales for the second quarter were at $724 million, which is about 15% lower than last year's quarter. This decrease was due to the difficult market conditions, and especially on our Freight segment. Freight segment sales decreased 26% or about $145 million due to lower sales from PTC, Freight OEM, Freight aftermarket, and other Freight segment products. These sales were also reduced by FX by about $4 million, and acquisitions were positive, improving segment sales by $11 million. Transit segment sales actually increased, driven by organic sales growth of about $14 million, acquisitions of about $6 million, but that was offset by the negative effects of FX about $5 million. For the rest of 2016, we expect our Transit segment sale to grow and Freight segment sales to be down mainly due to reduced revenues from the train control-related equipment and services, lower than expected rail traffic volumes, and lower industry deliveries of new cars, and locomotives. When you look at our operating income for the quarter, it was about $133 million, or 18.4% of sales. In 2015, our second quarter operating margin was 18.4%. So despite the lower sales, we maintained our margin by reducing costs and by improving the profitability of our Transit Group. SG&A for 2016 second quarter was about $81 million, about $8 million lower than a year ago quarter, due mostly to cost reductions and lower sales. I also want to mention that included in the results is about $6.6 million of expenses related to the pending Faiveley acquisition, and about $1.4 million of expenses related to restructuring. So our adjusted operating margin, if you'd add this back, would be about 19.5%, which is a good result. Our engineering expense was up slightly, as we continue to invest in our product development. Interest expense for the quarter was $5 million, which is slightly higher than a year-ago quarter, due to our higher debt balance. Other expense and income, we had an expense of about $1.2 million in the quarter, mainly from non-cash foreign currency translations. A year-ago, we had expense of about $1.9 million for the same reasons. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.8% versus 32.3% in the year-ago quarter. Just a couple of comments on that rate. Our tax rate for the quarter reflected a change in our estimated effective tax rate for the full year. The profit mix of domestic versus international business is shifting to locations with lower tax rates, resulting in an improvement in overall tax expense. So the rate for the second quarter was adjusted accordingly. For the same reason, we are now assuming an effective tax rate of about 30% for the full year compared to our initial assumption of about 32%. I just want to remind you that this is always an annual forecast and the quarters will vary due to any change in our annual estimated effective tax rate and any timing of any discrete items. EPS for the quarter was $1 and, excluding $0.05 per diluted share for Faiveley-related expenses, we would have had an EPS of about $1.05. And just I'll remind you, for the first half, EPS was $2.02, excluding $0.08 per diluted share for Faiveley-related expenses. So, we would have had, on an adjusted basis, for the first half of the year EPS of $2.10. Our balance sheet remains strong and provides the financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We have an investment grade credit rating and our goal is to maintain it. Working capital at June 30, consisted of trade and unbilled receivables, of about $586 million, inventories of about $493 million, and payables of about $305 million. Cash on hand at June 30 was $303 million and that's mostly held outside the U.S. We compared that to the end of the first quarter at March 31, we had $263 million of cash. I will just point out that these balances do not include about $200 million of cash that we're holding in escrow related to the Faiveley transaction. Our debt at the end of the quarter at June 30 was $744 million compared to $802 million on March 31. Looking at our cash flows, cash from operations generated cash of about $134 million for the quarter, which is a really good performance. For the year, we continue to expect to generate more cash from operations and net income, that is always our goal. At this point, one thing here in the quarter  in the second quarter, we signed a new bank agreement that includes a $1.2 billion revolving credit facility and a $400 million term loan. The revolving credit facility has a five-year life and replaces our previous revolver of about $800 million. While the term loan has a three-year maturity, this agreement for the term loan and for the new revolver provides financing for the Faiveley acquisition and for continued investment in our growth initiatives, including other acquisitions. Just a few miscellaneous items, we always get asked about. Depreciation for the quarter was $11.4 million compared to $10.9 million in last year's quarter. Our amortization expense was $5.5 million compared to $5.2 million last year's quarter. And our CapEx expenditures were $10.6 million in the quarter versus $12.4 million in last year's quarter. Our estimate for CapEx for the full year is about $50 million. Looking at backlog, our June 30 backlog, multi-year backlog was $2 billion, slightly lower than the end of the first quarter. Our Transit segment backlog decreased to $1.4 billion, while Freight increased to $633 million. Our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multi-year, was $1.3 billion, slightly down from the first quarter, Transit was $774 million and Freight was about $500 million. The total backlog figures don't include about $170 million of pending orders and contract options. We do not count them in the backlog until the customer exercises those orders. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Pat. Once again, we had a good earnings performance in the second quarter. We were especially pleased with our margin performance and cash generation. We continue to face challenging market conditions, so thus we updated our assumptions and our financial guidance for the year, with EPS now expected to be between $4 and $4.20, and revenues now expected to be down about 10%. In this environment, we will stay focused on what we could control, our future long-term growth opportunities, managing our costs and generating cash. We are pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see, especially with the expected closing of the Faiveley Transport acquisition. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Justin Long of Stephens. Go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks, and good morning, guys.
Raymond T. Betler: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Long: I know it's early to look into 2017, but from a high level, do you think there is potential for the business to grow organically next year? I think a lot of people are just trying to gauge, if 2016 is the bottom in terms of the organic revenue pressure you are seeing across your business and you are seeing in Freight, so I'd love to just get your thoughts on that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Obviously, we can't provide guidance for 2017, but what we remain extremely excited about is our opportunities for growth. We've stated time and time again that we're focused on not just PTC hardware, but the entire PTC signaling opportunity that is extremely large and we're a small player in that right now. So, we think that the spending will continue and what we'll see growth in is the applications of enhancements, once someone has the computer on board, the locomotive now, you have to do something with it, and we're seeing a lot more activity. We're seeing international opportunities in train control. We're still moving ahead to get the implementation done for 2018, so that's one exciting area. The other area of growth that we're focused on is the international market areas, where we are a small player. When we look at our market and how many actual transit vehicles have built in the U.S., it's like 800 and some vehicles, I believe, right, Ray?
Raymond T. Betler: Yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: And on a global basis, we are talking about 22,000 vehicles and as we close the Faiveley acquisition, we're going to be in a position to really help our rate of growth in the international arena. And we also are seeing a lot more activity in the Transit area. And, Ray, maybe you could add a bit to that about the growth opportunities you just see in Transit in general globally.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. So the spending, Justin, hasn't stopped in Transit. It's stronger in the U.S., North America, because it is long-term spending bill. So, incrementally, here it's stronger and orders are lumpy. As you know, they come in based on the funding, that's available in the long-term bid proposal process. But also around the world, the transit industry and the transit market continues to grow and we're going to be able to leverage now, through the Faiveley acquisition, in Europe, we'll be able to leverage the Asia Pacific region. There is a lot of Transit opportunities, as Al said, outside of North America. And there is growth in some of the market sectors outside of North America in the Freight area too. We're building a plant right now over in India, for an instance. So, we're picking up Freight business in India. We're picking up locomotive opportunities there. I mentioned that we just won ECP orders in Australia and South Africa. So, it's a tough situation, it's a tough market, but we definitely believe we can continue to grow, and on top of that, we are investing in new product development opportunities to be able to organically grow our business.
Albert J. Neupaver: And the other area of excitement or growth, as we look long-term, is the strength of our balance sheet, which  we are a proven acquirer, we find acquisitions, we do excellent due diligence, and those acquisitions we integrate. I think our track record in that area speaks for itself. So, you've got a lot of growth opportunities. Is the freight market and the commodity market is going to be under pressure going into 2017 and 2018? Without a doubt. And again, we really like to do is focus on what we can control, and that is investing in the long-term growth. Some of those  few areas that we just discussed, and we do that by reducing our costs, generating cash, and applying that cash in those areas.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. That's all really helpful color. Secondly, you guys always talk about rail volume being the key indicator for your freight aftermarket business. But there are a lot of people that believe that business is more tied to the railcar build rate. So, I wanted to ask about the last time we saw the railcar build rate go from a peak of 75,000 or so in 2006 to a trough of around 20,000 or so in the recession. If you were to exclude acquisitions, how did your Freight aftermarket business performed over that time period from peak to trough?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah, I could only  I don't have the exact numbers in front of me. I could give you some generalities and maybe, in the meantime, we might be able to dig up some of the actual numbers. But generally, what we saw is, once that drop happened, we saw a bigger drop in the aftermarket at first, and then, it kind of equalized itself out over time. And we really experienced about a proportional drop in aftermarket freight as we did with  we saw on the volume change. And back then, we were looking at ton-miles. Now, we're looking at carloadings, which I think correspond pretty well. That was the general thing. The other thing that change it a little bit, as we said, we do have PTC sales, because they're going on to use locomotives in our aftermarket. And so, that impact like  in a quarter like this, has a greater impact on the initial quarter. But again, over time, we would expect that our volume changed due to  the volume changed, it caused a proportional drop in our aftermarket, where we'll see a bigger number at first, but over time, that's what we saw. Does that answer your question, Justin?
Justin Long: Yeah. I think it did. It would be helpful to have what that number was back during the recession just to understand, in a down  like what the downside scenario is for the Freight aftermarket business. That's all I'm really trying to get at.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. Okay. One of the  we'll definitely get that information. We do not have that. I could talk in generalities, but I'd hate to give you the numbers if I don't  not accurate, okay?
Justin Long: Fair enough. That makes sense. And last one, I'll just sneak in quickly. We've seen some volatility in the price of steel and some other raw materials. And maybe this is for Pat, could you just remind us how much of your raw material costs are passed through from surcharges? I'm just curious how much of an impact this could be having on your margins.
Patrick D. Dugan: Well, we do a really good job of making sure that our  the surcharges that we get, we are able to pass on to our customers. Overall, I would say that raw steel and the impact of steel prices is not as significantly on us, as you might think. It really  we're buying components and parts that have value added, that's included in there already. So we haven't seen a whole lot of volatility there. We haven't been able to adjust in our pricing to our customers.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. I'll go ahead and pass it on. Thanks so much for the time.
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Our next question is from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Go ahead.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Raymond T. Betler: Good morning, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: On Transit, Ray, I know you touched about Transit, the project backlog and the orders being a little bit lumpy. Could you maybe just talk to  I mean now that we had the funding, is this sort of  are you seeing sort of normal order and inquiry patterns right now, like you have relative to past cycles?
Raymond T. Betler: I think the overall opportunities right now, orders and backlog, it's a little bit higher than in the past. I think that it was difficult for people to do their planning and execution, when they had funding streams that were only committed about three months to six months out. So, there's more confidence and more activity right now in the market. These orders like, Chicago and Boston, LA will be next, New York is coming up with a big transit program, R211, that is in process, as we speak. So, it's pretty steady now, and I'd say, more so than in the past.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Great. And then, to follow on Justin's comment with the aftermarket and more on the OEM side, obviously, in a decelerating delivery environment there, you took down your assumptions for this year. Are you getting comfort with your visibility on how that deceleration is going to happen or is there a still little bit of lumpiness and uncertainty out there in that market?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think the only uncertainty is related to the economy. I think, if the general economy picks up and we don't go into a worst situation or some type of recessionary period, that has a different impact on what will happen next year. As you could see, there's already talk of some of the stuff stabilizing, but it's way too early to predict that. So if the economy hangs up, you wouldn't expect the deep frog. If the economy starts to falter, the car build and the volume will continue to decrease. I think we are in a situation where the railroads are trying to redefine themselves on what they move and how they move it. And I think the economy plays an awful big role in that. So it's really hard to predict where  we have to look forward and anticipate sometimes the worst situation, and control the things we can.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Great. And then, Al, you probably touched on require  I think, you were seeing those required remedies wouldn't be significant, are you talking like some product line divestitures? What do you think would be potentially required there?
Albert J. Neupaver: As part of the second phase or  in each case, the regulatory authorities take a look at where there might be overlaps in the business. And if there is an overlap, then they would ask if there'd be a remedy. I'm going to have to be very general in my answer, because we're still in that process, but those areas where we have had a discussion, I'll state again, they will have no material impact on our financial perspective, as it relates to the acquisition or our ongoing business.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Thanks so much. That's helpful.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Go ahead.
Scott H. Group: Hey. Thanks. Morning, guys.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning, Scott.
Raymond T. Betler: Hey, Scott.
Scott H. Group: Can you give us what the PTC number was for the second quarter, if I missed it? And is your view on the size of the PTC opportunity changing in anyway or is this just a timing issue in your mind?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. First of all, it's a timing issue. And we've said time and time again, the amount of money is going to have to be spend to implement PTC across the U.S. freight lines. And so, the money is going to be spend. It's a matter when it's actually spent, at least our portion. The first thing I want to reiterate is that the Class I railroads as well as the transit authorities continue to work extremely hard to get this implementation done by the 2018 period. And we said early in the year that they were assessing where they were going to put their expenditures in. Some of those areas where they've decided to change their expenditures for right now temporarily, are areas that impacted us. The one number that we've shared with you on an ongoing basis has been the PTC actual sales, and I think last quarter, we were talking about $85 million, and this quarter, it's $62 million. So, you have that kind of drop. If we look at signaling in total, there was only $85 million in total, so the signaling part added another $22 million or so to it. And when we talk about a 20% drop for the year, we're talking about PTC plus signaling. And signaling makes up probably, of the total amount, 20% to 25% of the total expenditures. If we just looked at PTC as we've traditionally categorized it, that would be down like 25%.
Scott H. Group: Okay. That's helpful. And just if we are going to hit the deadline for end of 2018, would you think PTC sales are up, flat, or down next year?
Albert J. Neupaver: I would think they would up next year. And we're not giving guidance of any sorts, but I think the amount of work that has to be done in the Transit area, as well as the area that's been completed on the Freight lines, additional spending will be required. The other thing that will happen  and when I talk up, I'm talking about PTC plus signaling, not just PTC. And what you are seeing is a lot more of interest and effort in trying to add on enhancements to the onboard computer that we've talked about time and time again.
Scott H. Group: Okay. In terms of the remedies that you just talked about, and I know you don't want to  this is for Faiveley, and I know you don't want to get too specific. But when you say not significant, is there any way to kind of put some parameters on that, meaning it's no more than 5% of the revenue, 10% of the revenue? I'm just not really sure kind of how to even think about the scope of it?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. I think the term I used was material, not material. It was  they're not material. And I think that financial people have a way of quantifying that, I'm not financial, so I won't quantify that, perhaps been sworn not to quantify, but we really can't give you a number, it's not material.
Scott H. Group: Okay. But so, we'll learn more, you think, by the end of the quarter, when we hear from the EC?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. What we say, let me try to explain that. If there were remedies, okay, those remedies would have to be in place, and we are saying that we should have clearance to proceed with the closing, after all the remedies have been satisfied. And we think it could take into the fourth quarter to satisfy what remedies that we're discussing right now. So if we could move those up, once we get clearance, we would close then. But we're realistically trying to put arms right on the getting clearance, before the end of the third quarter and closing in the fourth quarter.
Scott H. Group: Okay. But, Al, are you still saying when, not if, with respect to Faiveley?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah, without a doubt.
Scott H. Group: Okay. Okay. And then just lastly, on the head count side, I think you said down 10% since the beginning of the year. If we need to, is there more that you could take out? I presume that, if railcar and locomotive deliveries are down again next year, is there more head count that can come out or is there a risk of that not being an opportunity?
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah, Scott, I think we have explained in the past that we have a contingency planning process that we use. So we anticipate as proactively as possible certain trends in the market and basically trigger our reductions not only in head count, but in other areas based on that assessment. So the answer is yes, there is further cuts that can be made, if we need to make them. We're obviously trying to balance a whole host of things where, (45:20) for instance, still not a lot of product development to build for future. So, we're sensitive about not cutting technical resources unless we absolutely have to, so, there is pluses and minuses and we've been very, very careful about what we do, but we've done it in a very proactive away at the same time.
Scott H. Group: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Raymond T. Betler: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Rodgers from Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers: Hi, guys.
Raymond T. Betler: Hi, Jason.
Jason A. Rodgers: Hello. Looks like you've picked up some ECP orders internationally. And just wondering if you could talk about your growth expectations there and perhaps with the level of sales you're generating currently from ECP.
Raymond T. Betler: So, the orders that we picked up for ECP, Jason, are in the double-digit millions of dollars and they're in countries that are  in markets that already deployed ECP. So, those countries, Australia and South Africa, they're not huge markets, but they're good, solid markets for ECP. And I don't anticipate any, in the short-term, any additional major ECP orders in those countries. But we are pretty successful. Those countries have majority of equipment that's already operated with ECP and any new (47:02) vehicles they put in place, they would utilize ECP. If your question is addressing the ECP opportunity in North America, I think we've stated previously that that's still under review by the authority, the federal government and we don't anticipate an impact from that or a final decision for the next couple of years.
Albert J. Neupaver: But if we look at that opportunity based on what we know and if the regulations that are in place right now went forward, we would expect definitely $300 million to $400 million worth of business in the future, next three years, five years or so.
Jason A. Rodgers: Okay. And then the cost savings, are you still projecting $30 million for the year, and of that, how much was realized in the quarter?
Patrick D. Dugan: Well, the $30 million is, I think we have no problems achieving that in the year. And I mean if you just look at the quarter, we've obviously been reducing costs in order to maintain our margins. And actually, when you add back the Faiveley costs, it's better operating margin than we have in the past quarters. But then  and then you look at the SG&A, since that SG&A number is down, and then if you annualize that, you get there. So, there is a  it's a continuous process. We're constantly looking at where our expectations are in the sales line and making sure that we adjust our variable costs and also on our fixed costs to the extent we can, or at discrete costs, where we can. And our goal is to continue to have that good margin performance even though you have the lower sales.
Jason A. Rodgers: And I apologize, if I missed it, but did you give what the total number of shares repurchased in the quarter and the amount spent or the average price paid?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. We did not acquire any additional shares during the second quarter.
Jason A. Rodgers: And then, finally...
Albert J. Neupaver: We have about $216 million left on our authorization of $350 million, but nothing was purchased in the second quarter.
Jason A. Rodgers: And then, finally, what was the percent of change in revenues for the quarter outside the U.S.?
Albert J. Neupaver: Second quarter 2015 to 2016?
Jason A. Rodgers: Right.
Albert J. Neupaver: A drop of $18 million (49:49) on $400 million. So, what's that?
Patrick D. Dugan: About 4%.
Albert J. Neupaver: 4%.
Jason A. Rodgers: Thanks very much.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Brooklier from Longbow Research. Go ahead.
Matt S. Brooklier: Yeah, thanks. Good morning.
Raymond T. Betler: Good morning.
Matt S. Brooklier: So, I just had a follow on, some clarification in terms of your  the Freight revenue guidance and some of the color you've already provided. The $200 million revenue decline this year, that's solely within your OE business, that the railcar and locomotive side of your business?
Albert J. Neupaver: The $200 million includes the whole headwind from the Freight market.
Patrick D. Dugan: But freight car and locomotive OEM, plus the impact of rail traffic.
Albert J. Neupaver: Right. So it is...
Matt S. Brooklier: Okay. So, that  the $200 million includes the impact on your aftermarket business?
Albert J. Neupaver: That's correct. That's correct.
Matt S. Brooklier: Okay. Okay. And then the rest of it is related to the decrease  I think the decrease in positive train control sales this year?
Raymond T. Betler: Yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah. You have  you have a number of factors. If you look at the Freight business itself, that's the $200 million. If you look at the train control, the 20% or so give you another $80 million or $100 million. You also have negativity from the industrial markets, but a lot of that  and the FX, but offsetting that is the Transit is up as well as our acquisition program. So, net-net, that's how you get to the down  10% down.
Matt S. Brooklier: Okay. I just wanted to make sure I had heard correctly the components contributing to that.
Patrick D. Dugan: Right.
Matt S. Brooklier: And then, on the Freight side, you're expecting growth backing into that off of what you provided on the Freight side of things, it sounds like a kind of a middle-single digit revenue growth rate at Transit is a fair way to think about things?
Raymond T. Betler: It's a low  it's a low-single digit growth rate, yes.
Matt S. Brooklier: Okay. And then just back to PTC, you gave the total number revenue booked in the quarter, how does that  how does that breakout per Freight and Transit?
Raymond T. Betler: It's about  75% of that was Freight, a little bit in international, the balance is Transit.
Matt S. Brooklier: Got you. Okay. Thank you for the time.
Albert J. Neupaver: Hey, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Baudendistel from Stifel. Go ahead.
Mike J. Baudendistel: Yeah. Great. Thank you. Just wanted to ask you on the margins, I mean those are holding up really well considering the Freight revenue decline, is there anything with mix sort of within the Freight segment that's supporting the margins? I mean, just intuitively you think of OEM revenue down and traffic-related business maybe down less, that's a positive to margin. Am I thinking about that right?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. I think on the contrary, if you think about it, the train control business was down, which is a good margin business and aftermarket being down. So I think net-net, I think the group  Ray and his team did an excellent job of controlling cost and managing that margin. On the  we've always said that it's  our contribution margin on the way up is in the 20% to 22% range. And if we could manage to that level, then we're really controlling our cost and delivering. And we control  I think they controlled it to 18%. There the mix, I think went both ways. I really think that what you're seeing here is the impact of excellent execution for the quarter based on what they have, controlling the things that we can.
Mike J. Baudendistel: Okay. That's great. I also wanted to ask on  I think a little longer-term question on PTC. I mean, let's assume the PTC deadline for 2018 is fully met. I mean, after that point what do you think your PTC revenue is on a annual basis? Do you have any estimate for that?
Albert J. Neupaver: We don't have an exact estimate. We think that long term this is a growth business for us. And our focus would  from a PTC standpoint, we would have aftermarket enhancements directly related to PTC. We're also looking at a much larger market which is, say, train control and signaling market that we want to participate in a much larger way. So that business segment will continue to grow well into the future, and be a major segment for Wabtec in years to come.
Mike J. Baudendistel: Okay, great. And...
Raymond T. Betler: Mike, the number we've given out is 5% to 10% of the installed base. We expect in annuity on service agreements and everything else that Al talked about it on top of that. So we have a lot of product development in process to leverage the existing PTC installed base. And as you said, we're going to  we are expanding in the signaling area also. So, you can build out from what we've already communicated
Albert J. Neupaver: ...in your model.
Mike J. Baudendistel: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just a quick one. And do you have any thoughts on the ECP mandate that's in the tank car regulations and whether that could be taken out, I realize (55:48) more headline risk than anything, but just any thoughts there?
Albert J. Neupaver: We really don't know. We know the value of ECP, we've talked about it, ECPs being used around the world, there is a lot of merit. People have chose to use it because of its merits and shorter stopping distance, safety related. They are getting productivity improvements. So as far as the regulation here, we'd rather not make any comments related to it. But I think if you look at the track record of its performance and what it's doing around the world and that continue to place orders. I think when you look at Australia, at some point  I think all of Australia will be equipped with ECP at some point; it's probably greater than 60% now. Is that right, Ray?
Raymond T. Betler: Yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: And South Africa as well. Saudi Arabia has ordered. So I think ECP will  it will take off in this country, it's just a matter of, again, when.
Mike J. Baudendistel: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you (56:55).
Operator: Our next question comes from Willard Milby from BB&T Capital Markets. Go ahead.
Willard P. Milby: Hey, good morning, everyone. I'm sorry if I missed it. But did you give a dollar value on the Faiveley impact?
Albert J. Neupaver: The dollar value on the Faiveley  the expenses...
Willard P. Milby: The $0.05, what was the dollar value on that?
Patrick D. Dugan: $6.6 million for the quarter.
Willard P. Milby: All right. And it was  as we kind of think about SG&A for the remainder of the year, I know someone mentioned that maybe annualizing the $80 million for the rest of the year will get you to that $30 million in savings numbers. Is that a good number to think about for SG&A as we look out in Q3 and Q4?
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah. I think you're going to be in the  I think you're going to be  a conservative estimate would be about $78 million to $80 million of SG&A per quarter.
Willard P. Milby: All right. And as we kind of look at gross margin, cost of goods sold, we've kind of had eight quarters to nine quarters of cost of goods sold declines with a tick-up here in Q2. Do you have a sense of where that could be as we look out in Q3 and Q4? Is 67% a good number for cost of goods sold or rather 33% gross margin?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. We really  one thing we continue to focus on is continuous improvement and obviously the gross margin. I think that we wouldn't expect the mix of business that we have now to change drastically. So I think one could probably be able to project some  similar to what we're doing.
Willard P. Milby: All right, great. And one last housekeeping thing. Did you give a Freight acquisition revenue number for this quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: Freight acquisition added $11 million, Transit was $6 million, for a total of $17 million.
Willard P. Milby: All right. Thanks very much. That's all from me.
Albert J. Neupaver: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Liam Burke with Wunderlich. Go ahead.
Liam D. Burke: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. You are able to cut SG&A as volumes came down, how much flexibility you have over time as volumes recover to be able to flex back up to support future growth?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. Not all of the savings was in SG&A. SG&A was just one of the areas that we worked on. I think there is  Liam, there is always a point where you couldn't (59:37) taken away the fat first and then the muscle and then we get to the bone. And we  what we try to do is we balance our approach because we're not going to jeopardize our long-term growth potentials to meet some kind of small short-term objectives. So I think there is a balance between the two, and I think that Ray and the team have done a good job in balancing that. We've got a lot more to do and a lot more areas that we could focus on to continue to expand those margins. We're not down to the bone, and we just want to state that we have no intent to go that far. So there is a limit, but we're not close to it.
Liam D. Burke: Okay. Great. And on the signaling front, you've got lots of international opportunity. Do you have the portfolio in a place or it will be  do you need to make more acquisitions to be able to execute on the growth opportunities?
Raymond T. Betler: I think it will be both, Liam. We have products that we're developing. For instance, we're developing wireless crossing technology, we're developing a vital office system to expand our office in CAD (01:00:58) capabilities. We're developing things like digital compasses that can be applied in both sectors. But it's a huge market, and there is big players. So we don't want to get into a commoditized portion of the market where we're (01:01:18) trying to look for niche opportunities. And for that, we'll probably continue to look for specialty businesses and acquire those.
Liam D. Burke: Great. Thank you very much.
Tim Wesley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Eisner from Goldman Sachs. Go ahead.
Samuel H. Eisner: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. So just a quick question on the guidance here. So if I kind of take the midpoint of the guidance range of $4.10, I basically get to an EBIT decline for you guys of roughly $36 million, assuming the 30% tax rate. You've already recorded close to $30 million in the first half of the year. So I'm curious what are you implying in the guidance that gets better? Is it cost savings, is it that you're just lapping easier comps? If you can just help me understand why the decline is really abate in the back half of the year.
Patrick D. Dugan: Let me take a shot at that Sam. So in the guidance, in the $4 to $4.20, that assumes $2.10 in the first half, because remember that the guidance does not include Faiveley expenses. So we did a $1.05 in the first quarter, a $1.05 in the second quarter. And you're going to have to model the second half based on the guidance that we gave you.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. And if you look at revenue, Sam, that's about $1.05 (01:02:52) billion and a $1.05 (01:02:53) billion. I see net income not  if it's balanced, it's going to be about the same. So we don't have the restructuring or Faiveley cost in the projection.
Patrick D. Dugan: For the second half.
Albert J. Neupaver: For the second half. It's in the first. So I think it's pretty much what we're seeing, other than we should see some seasonality in the third period  third quarter. We expect the year to basically be very similar first half, second half.
Samuel H. Eisner: Got it. That's helpful. If I  Pat, you were giving some of the numbers on the backlog there, you actually had positive  and I realized Freight and backlog, and order numbers are rather choppy here, but you had a positive book-to-bill 1.11, I believe, given the backlog number of $633 million. Can you perhaps comment  it did actually have sequential order growth, I mean you're still down year-on-year, but it was a positive book-to-bill for the first time in three quarters or four quarters here. So curious if there is any kind of color that you can give there.
Patrick D. Dugan: No, I think it's  I mean, it's obviously good news, but I don't think there is anything unusual there I want to call out and point towards. It just comes down to some of the timing on the orders, some international orders, and when we get to sign the purchase order or the contract, then we can count it on our backlog. An FX has a little bit of impact on it too. So there's a lot of things, that's nothing I want to call out and say or (01:04:29) point to.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. When I look at the individual items in the group, there is nothing that stands, it's a little bit here, a little bit there, there's no big single items.
Samuel H. Eisner: Got it. And maybe if I can just sneak one more in here, about 11% of total revenue is United Kingdom-based. I know that you guys didn't really call it out, it doesn't really seem to be a theme this quarter across the companies have reported. But any comments on what you guys are seeing on the ground in the UK, and any potential impact of Brexit, just feel as though we should talk about it? Thanks.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. We actually spent a good bit of time at the recent board meeting discussing that. I think, that right now it's a wait and see to what happens. We are not seeing any big difference in the business. What we are seeing is the impact of the exchange rate on translation. But we're not seeing any other impact from it. So we're very aware of areas that we need to focus on, and we'll continue to do that.
Samuel H. Eisner: Got it. Thanks so much.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks Sam.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Curro from Value Holdings. Go ahead.
Timothy Curro: Hi. A follow up regarding ECP. The FRA is positive as you alluded to, but the Association of American Railroads, including UP (01:06:00), they state that ECP is unreliable. What are you and the industry doing to prove that it is reliable?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. Well, one thing I don't like to do on this call is get into a discussion related to what someone else said or didn't say. What I will give you is the facts about EPC. I think that my numbers are right, but I think that we have close to 30,000 units, 40,000 units operating around the world right now. And we have  I can't remember a warranty issue in the last two years, and even the warranty issues that we have was related to cross-talk between electronics that was immediately resolved, and it was a small issue within South Africa, and these companies continue to buy the systems, Ray gave you examples of both, I think, South Africa and Australia, where the orders were, Ray?
Raymond T. Betler: Right.
Albert J. Neupaver: If there was problems and they were unreliable, they sure as hell wouldn't be ordering them, but I don't know anything about what you said as far as the AAR and UP (01:07:18).
Timothy Curro: Okay. A follow up on PTC. Are you aware of an estimate about how much more the industry needs to spend on PTC to be compliant?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. They've spent about $6 billion to-date, and they have to spend at least another $4 billion. I think that number could escalate and as it draws (01:07:43) out over time. But to give you a few statistics, they have about 38% of their route miles completed. So they still got a long way to go on the route miles, only 63% of their locomotives are compliant. A little more than half of their employees are trained right now. Their track side equipment is probably the area they are further along, and they have over 80% of that equipment, and they have also done okay with the base station radios. But that's just the freight lines. When you look at the transit authorities, we're probably only 30%, 40% complete on what needs to be done, and we're still working with transit authorities that haven't even started the effort yet. So there is a lot of work, a lot of expenditures that are going to happen in the next two-and-a-half years, three years.
Timothy Curro: Okay. Thanks.
Patrick D. Dugan: Thank you.
Timothy Curro: That was the sense I was getting, because I noticed last week, New York's MTA said that they were going to spend $1 billion on PTC, and apparently they hadn't even started.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah.
Raymond T. Betler: Well, it's started.
Patrick D. Dugan: Go ahead Ray. (01:08:55) talk about the project.
Raymond T. Betler: They've started this large project, the MTA commissioned three years, four years ago. But you got to remember that that's a huge property of MTA incorporates New York City Transit, Long Island Rail Road, Metro-North. So that just is an example of the revenue stream that's kind of go into this technology, and once it's installed, the ongoing opportunity to further support and enhance the technology. So it's a big mandate across the industry, and the transit authorities are definitely, as Al said, in a catch-up mode because they didn't have funding.
Timothy Curro: Okay. Yeah, the MTA said last week $1 billion in their upcoming five-year plan. It seems like most of that would have to be in the next two-and-a-half years in order to comply.
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah.
Timothy Curro: A couple of quick numbers questions, if I may. You mentioned the $1.4 million restructuring expense in the 2Q. Was there a number for the 1Q?
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah. Give us a second.
Albert J. Neupaver: It was about  a little more (01:10:15  01:10:23).
Timothy Curro: Okay. And on the Faiveley, when you announced the deal, you stated that you assumed the acquisition revenue would be $1.2 billion, and you're still sticking with that number in spite of the industry weakness. Is that because of their strength and services in aftermarket or greater opportunities in transit or what?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. (01:10:46) the Transit business on a global basis has been stable here in the U.S. as well as internationally. And if you remember when I spoke a little bit about their report that they gave out in May, they've actually grew last year, and the backlog has actually increased 2% over time. And that's because  and that's one of the reasons why we like our diversified business model, and that is that transit becomes counter cyclic to the freight market. When you have a recession, more money is spent on trying to energize economies around the world. There are stimulus packages accordingly. You know that the spending in China stopped, but they haven't stopped spending money on the infrastructure and transit projects.
Raymond T. Betler: And you have to keep in mind, Tim, 95% of Faiveley is transit, and even the point Sam Eisner asked about in the last question, there is so much complementarity with that business, we have for instance, a really strong position in the UK, Faiveley not so much. So they're strong in Europe, Asia Pacific. When you put the businesses together, the transit footprint, it's really strong.
Timothy Curro: Thank you very much.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you, Sam.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Go ahead.
Steve Barger: Thanks for getting me in. Just a quick follow up on cost controls. Al, you said you're not up against the limit of what can be done so far. But you have been pretty aggressive in taking some cost actions. So going forward where do you go that will allow you to offset revenue declines in some of your high margin businesses?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think the one thing that we focus on and we do it every year is, first of all, you look at businesses that may not be performing to your expectations, and those businesses are in  and executing contingency plans. I'll ask Ray to talk about his approach on the contingency plan. But there is different phases, there is Phase 1, Phase 2, and all the way along the line you're taking actions not just from cutting heads, but you're talking about an increase in activity related to Wabtec Performance System. You're taking as much aggressiveness as you can on the sourcing basis. You're looking for pricing opportunities, the cost of poor quality, something that Ray introduced. So maybe you could expand on some of those, Ray.
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah. So Steve, in all of those areas we've  we told you a couple of years ago, we started put a really strong emphasis on car support quality, and as a result we're seeing improvements on the bottom line from less rework, retrofit warranty cards, as well as plus one-time issued some were definitely outperforming our supply management objective. So we have an objective every year for a combined QPS, WPS goals part of which are supply management. Headcount is a part of it, but it's not the only part where we're deriving better operational efficiencies and cost improvement in all discretionary areas.
Steve Barger: So when you talk about just your supply base as an example, are you getting actual price concessions from your suppliers for raw materials, or is there still work to do in terms of consolidating the buy to try and get volume discounts, or just, I guess, it's a tough environment out there, and it's surprising that you've been able to do such a great job. And now, you noted that you are doing it in ways that other companies can't. I'm just curious how much is left in terms of being able to drive those margins?
Raymond T. Betler: So as we book contracts we have an opportunity to outperform the supply management objectives we have in (01:15:12) or the ask/bid number. So the answer is yes. We're outperforming our own bid objectives that we have in projects as well as our product business and we outperformed in our overall supply management objective through the year. So it is nothing easy about it. It's day-to-day, it's difficult stuff, and everywhere an opportunity exists, we're trying to focus on it, identify it and obtain the optimized cost position in all areas of our business. When we go to put a new facility, for instance, in places like South Africa and places like India, we have costs in our projects to do that work, and to the extent that we can improve our overall performance, our cost objective, that's money in the bank. So we're doing it everywhere, same across the worldwide business.
Albert J. Neupaver: And the other thing that we look at and an area that gets a tremendous amount of focus is because we're active on acquisitions, that's really a lot of margin improvement comes from that. And if you look forward we talk about our 40 million of synergies, it is synergies with Faiveley. And if you take a look at what we did with Fandstan and the margin improvement there and the focus, we're going to do the same thing where we'll be focusing on a number of areas that provide that market margin improvement going forward.
Steve Barger: All right. Thanks for the time.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for any closing remarks.
Tim Wesley: Okay. Thanks, Andrea, and thanks everybody for your attention on the call this morning. We will talk to you after the third quarter. Have a good day.
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wabtec's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you, Zelda. Good morning, everybody and welcome to Wabtec's 2016 first quarter earnings call. Let me introduce everybody else who's here with me in the room. Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman; our President and CEO, Ray Betler; our CFO, Pat Dugan; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. Of course, we will make our prepared remarks as usual and then we will be happy to take your questions. And of course, during today's call we make forward-looking statements. So please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. In the first quarter we had a good earnings performance with EPS of $1.02. Excluding $0.03 per share of expenses related to our pending acquisition of Faiveley Transport, EPS would have been $1.05. So despite ongoing headwinds in some of our markets and a sluggish global economy, I think we showed once again that the Wabtec business model works. In particular, our margin performance was strong. Despite a revenue drop of almost 6%, we recorded an operating margin of 18.4% compared to a year ago quarter of 18.1%. This truly demonstrates our ability to respond to changing marketing conditions with actions to decrease cost an increase efficiencies. As we've said before, we're not immune to the challenges facing probably every transportation and industrial company these days. But we do believe our diversified business model gives us the ability to manage through these cycles better than most. So even as we work on reducing cost and implementing the principles of our Wabtec performance system, we continue to invest in our strategic growth initiatives. We also continue to make progress on our acquisition of Faiveley Transport which we expect to close by midyear, depending on the timing of regulatory approvals. Today we affirmed our 2016 earnings guidance with a full year earnings per share diluted expected to be between $4.30 and $4.50. Revenues are now expected to be slightly down for the year. The midpoint of our EPS range represents growth of 7.3% compared to our 2015 results. This guidance does not include our pending acquisition of Faiveley Transport or any related expenses. I'll talk more about Faiveley in a minute. The guidance assumes the following, slow growth in the global economy, taking into account current conditions in all of our key markets. We expect some revenue growth for the year in our transit group but that will be more than offset by decreased revenues in the freight group. There are no changes in foreign exchange rates from current levels assumed. We're assuming a tax rate of about 32% for the year. We're assuming that the diluted shares outstanding will be around $91 million for the year for EPS calculation purposes. We expect our 2016 quarterly results to improve sequentially during the year as we realized the benefits of ongoing cost reduction initiatives and as delayed projects that we're already in the backlog begin to ramp up. So this is a challenging environment. We will do what we always do. We like to control what we can and that means being disciplined when it comes to costs and being focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities. Now a little bit about the acquisition of Faiveley. During the first quarter we continued to make progress on our planned acquisition of Faiveley Transport, a leading global provider of value-added integrated systems and services for the rail industry with annual sales of about $1.2 billion. We're working through the various regulatory steps in the U.S. and in Europe, but we can't predict the timing. We still expect to close by midyear based on expected timing of regulatory approvals. Once we receive the approvals, we can complete the purchase of the Faiveley family block of shares which represent about 51% of the company's outstanding stock. After that, we will begin a tender offer for the remaining public shares. This opportunity probably has the most compelling strategic rationale of any acquisition that we ever made. We will be recombining the original WABCO rail divisions to create one of the world's largest public rail equipment companies with total revenues for the Company of about $4.5 billion in the worldwide freight rail and passenger transit industry. It provides complimentary geographies with minimal overlap and further diversifies our in-market offerings, extents our product and service capabilities, enhances our technology in innovation initiatives, expands our relationship with blue chip global customers and provides synergies to drive growth. These synergies we expect long term annual synergies of about EUR40 million to be achieved through enhanced revenue growth, supply chain efficiencies, operational efficiencies and cost savings and by leveraging our SG&A capabilities. We will benefit from complementary geographic presence and products. Also the combined global scale in freight and transit rail equipment will help drive operational excellence. Once completed, we could better provide safety productivity and efficiency enhancements to our global rail markets. Faiveley announced its nine month sales figures in January and the results were positive. Sales growth of about 8% compared to the prior year period, including double-digit growth in their services and after-market business. They announced several significant new projects with their order book growing about 6%. Some of these projects included HVAC systems for the Paris Metro, platform screen doors for metro stations in China, brake systems for passenger coaches in India. Also in India, brake systems, door systems, pantographs and HVAC for cars being built by Bombardier. So we're excited about the future growth opportunities provided by this acquisition and we're working hard to get it completed. In the meantime, we remain focused on running our business. Ray, you can cover our current markets in growth strategies, please.
Ray Betler: Thanks, Al. So let's talk about freight rail and note the freight rail traffic was down about 6% in the first quarter with decreases in commodity carloads, more than offsetting a slight increase in intermodal traffic. The traffic comparisons will start to get easier as we go through the year but that doesn't change the fact that the markets are very tough right now for our customers. So we will continue to monitor this trend very closely. For 2016, our NAFTA assumptions include freight car delivery, so somewhere between 60,000 and 65,000 and locomotive deliveries of around 1000. We now expect rail traffic to be down low single digits for the year. Together, these factors represent a headwind of about $150 million in revenue compared to 2015. Freight traffic in some of our global markets is also challenged, especially in the commodity driven markets of Australia and Brazil, as an example. Some of these headwinds could represent secular changes in our markets and some may be recessionary. But either way, we have reacted and will continue to react to these changes. Despite the current challenges, we believe the freight market around the world will grow over time which is why we continue to increase our global footprint and our product offerings beyond our traditional NAFTA market. Keep in mind that about 75% of the installed base of locomotives and freight cars are outside of NAFTA and we're well positioned to benefit when the market conditions improve Let's turn to transit. Our transit markets remained fairly stable, both in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S. and Canada, ridership was down about 1% last year while Germany and the UK saw increases. This year we're expecting North America transit car deliveries to be up about 4% with bus deliveries about the same as last year. We have seen some transit projects delayed in recent quarters and we expect some of them to start ramping up as we go through the year. Transit funding in the U.S. is projected to grow in FY '16 as the government has finally at past the multi-year transportation bill. The bill includes much needed funding for positive train control and other new technologies. Due in part to this increased funding, we see increased bidding activities for new projects that we expect will turn into orders over the next several years. Reflecting some of this activity, our transit backlog boasts multi-year and 12 months is at a record high. And remember, just as with the freight market, we're focused on global growth and increasing our product offerings because international markets are much larger than NAFTA. We estimate the global installed base for transit cars to be around 330,000 with 95% of the fleet outside of NAFTA. Faiveley's global footprint in transit is much larger than ours which is another reason why the acquisition makes tremendous sense for Wabtec. Let's turn to cost reductions. Before I discuss growth initiatives, I'd like to first talk about our cost reduction programs which enable us to manage successfully through challenging times like these. As is almost always the case, some of our business units compete in markets that are growing while other markets where the overall demand is much more challenging and that's not unusual. So we're well equipped to respond to these market conditions and have gone through these kind of situations before. In this case, we've taken the following actions. Thus far we've reduced total employment by more than 7% in the last two quarters. We will continue to adjust our headcount as necessary going forward. We've stepped up our expense reduction programs both at the corporate level and across the total business units across our worldwide business. And we set more aggressive targets for activities associated with our Wabtec performance system which includes our lean supply management and quality initiatives. The total cost savings from these actions are expected to exceed $30 million and are included in today's guidance We continue to focus on growth in cash generation. In the quarter we generated $76 million of cash flow from operations which is a good first quarter performance. And we expect that pace to continue and to pick up as we go through the year. Our priorities for allocating free cash have not changed to fund internal development and growth programs, including product development and CapEx, to focus on acquisitions where we have ample opportunities to deploy capital in this area and to return money to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. During first quarter, we bought back about 1.95 million shares for about $134 million and at leaves about $216 million on the $350 million buyback authorization that was given to us by the board. We remain focused on increasing free cash by managing cost, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. Our growth strategies also remain the same, global and market expansion, after-market expansion, new products and technologies acquisitions. So let's address each of these growth strategies. On the global market expansion side, for the quarter, sales outside the U.S. were $367 million, down about 8% due mainly to decreases in Brazil and Australia but we continue to find pockets of good activity. For instance, in Italy we received an order for brake discs, in Vietnam an order for a third rail conductors, at Fandstan we've received several signaling projects, project orders in Australia and even in Brazil we've received orders for two different freight car builders for brakes, draft gears and truck components. On the after-market expansion side, our sales for the quarter were $475 million, also down about 8%. We signed a long term frame agreement with the European car builder for brake discs. In London we're in the final stages of negotiating a contract for overall vehicles for a longtime customer. So opportunities continued to be pursued in the after-market area. On the new products side, we have many ongoing internal development projects in process. We've developed an intercooler for a large OEM for the part generation market that will be deployed worldwide. We continue to develop and qualify products for the Russian freight market and we've added a couple important brake components there. We've talked before about plans to expand further into train control and signaling and we continue to make progress. When the PTC deployment began in 2008, we only had capabilities to provide the onboard equipment which represented only about 10% of the industry's total PTC spending. But over the years, through both organic initiatives and strategic acquisitions, we've been able to significantly expand our capabilities which has positioned us to play in other areas of train control and signaling. Globally, that market is $22 billion annually and we continue to explore profitable niches within that market. So while we're focused on the U.S. deployment of PTC and on building a long term after-market business around that, at the same time we're going our signaling and communication expertise in our business to round out our capabilities in that area. In the first quarter, our PTC revenues were about $85 million, a bit lower than last year's first quarter as expected with customers fine-tuning their spending plans for the new PTC deadline of 2018. Our signaling revenues were higher in the first quarter, reflecting the expansion I talked about earlier in two other product areas. If you include signaling along with PTC related revenues, we had about $110 million of revenue in the first quarter. For the year, we expect PTC revenues will be less than last year, again, due to the deadline change. But we expect most of the decrease will be offset by growth in other signaling projects and other signaling areas. In the meantime, we continue to booked new PTC projects. We recently announced a $30 million contract with the Northern Indiana Commuter Railroad and expect others to follow shortly. On the acquisition side, our pipeline continues to be active. We're pleased with the opportunity that we're reviewing and pursuing. Although we can't predict the timing, we would expect to announce a few in the very near future. And those are, again, beyond the Faiveley acquisition. So, Pat, can you talk about some financial details on the first quarter please?
Pat Dugan: Sure. Thanks, Ray. Sales for the first quarter were $772 million which is about 6% lower than last year's quarter. About half of the decrease or about $18 million, was due to changes in foreign exchange rates. For the quarter, we had revenues from acquisitions of about $20 million. Now looking at our segments, freight sales decreased 14%, mostly due to a reduction in organic sales of about $78 million and from FX of about $6 million. But that was offset by the benefit of acquisitions, about $14 million. Looking at our transit segment sales, they increased 7% driven by organic sales growth of about 10% or $29 million and acquisitions of about $6 million. That was offset by negative effects of changes in FX rates or about $12 million or about 4%. So for 2016, just to recap, we expect transit segment sales to grow. Looking at our operating income for the quarter, it was about $142 million or 18.4% of sales. In 2015 our fourth quarter offering margin was 18.2. So despite the lower sales, we continue to find ways to improve. SG&A for the first quarter was about $90 million which is about $5 million higher than the year-ago quarter, mostly due to acquisitions. I want to mentioned that included in the results is about $3.6 million of expenses related to the pending Faiveley acquisition. So our operating margin was actually slightly better if you want to add that back. Engineering expense was up slightly as we continue to invest in product development and amortization was about the same as the prior-year quarter. Our interest expense for the quarter was $4.9 million, slightly more than the year-ago quarter due to our higher debt balance. In the other expense and income lines, we had a small benefit during the quarter, mainly from non-cash foreign currency translation gains. In the year-ago quarter, we had an expense of about $2.9 million for the same reason. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.5% compared to 31.9% in the year-ago quarter. We expect for the year, for 2016, the annual rate to be about 32%. And I'll just remind you that's an annual forecast and the quarters will vary due to timing of any discrete items. Our earnings per diluted share were $1.02 for the quarter and excluding $0.03 for diluted share for the Faiveley related expense, we would have had an EPS of $1.05. Looking at our balance sheet, it remains strong providing financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We have an investment-grade credit rating and our goal is to maintain it. Working capital at March 31, we had receivables of $620 million, inventories of $479 million and payables of $304 million. Cash on hand at March 31, $263 million, mostly held outside the United States. At the end of last year we had $226 million of cash at December 31. That March 31 balance I gave you does not include $213 million of cash that we're holding in escrow related to the Faiveley transaction. Debt at March 31 was $802 million compared to $691 million at the end of last year. This is increased mainly due to our funding and our use of cash for stock repurchases during the first quarter. Cash from operations, we generated $76 million for the quarter. And that's a good performance because cash generation from operations for Wabtec typically starts the year slowly due to payments for incentive comp, taxes and other annual items. For the year, we continue to expect to generate more cash from operations than net income, that's always our goal. Just a couple miscellaneous items that we always outlined for the call, depreciation for the quarter about $10.9 million which is about the same as last year's quarter. Amortization was about 5.3 [indiscernible] of the quarters and our CapEx or capital expenditures, about $8.5 million for both quarters. Just as a reminder, we expect for the year our capital expenditures to be about $50 million. Moving on to our backlog, at March 31, our multi-year backlog was $2.1 billion, slightly lower than at the end of the fourth quarter. Transit backlog increased for the fourth quarter in a row to a record $1.5 billion, our freight backlog about $590 million. Changes in FX rates reduced the backlog by about $50 million compared to a year ago. Our rolling 12 month backlog which is a subset of the multi-year backlog I just gave you, was at $1.3 billion compared to about $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter. Transit was a record $797 million and freight about $514 million. The total backlog figures I just gave you do not include about $200 million of pending orders and contract options. They're not counted in the backlog until customer exercises those options or executes those pending orders. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Al.
Al Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Pat. Well once again we had a good earnings performance in the first quarter despite challenging market conditions. In this environment we will stay focused on what we can control and that is managing our cost and generating cash. And remember that we're still expecting another record year with EPS guidance of between $4.30 to $4.50 even though revenues are now expected to be slightly down. We're also pleased with our strategic progress on the long term growth opportunities that we see, especially with the expected closing of Faiveley Transport acquisition. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: So I know we don't usually get this until the [indiscernible] but any chance you can give us the operating margins among the different segments or talk about just directionally the margin changes that you had in the quarter?
Al Neupaver: Yes. We can give you direction. We can't give you the absolute number until the publication comes out. But in general, we operated better in the transit area than normal. And I think freight was where we thought it would be.
Scott Group: So I guess what I am trying to get at is when you have such a big drop in freight revenue and increase in transit revenue, you'd think that there'd be pressure on kind of consolidated gross profit margins and operating margins. And we didn't see that this quarter. And I guess question is, is there something that maybe was unusual about this quarter helping the margins or is this something that you think you can sustain?
Al Neupaver: Well what I would like to say to that question really, Scott, is that I think Ray Betler and his management team saw what was coming and they reacted as they saw necessary. And I think the reactions that they made and he talked a little bit about some of the things that were done to just give you a relative look at it. I think they reacted very well and I think that reflects in the results.
Scott Group: Does something with that change going forward if PTC sales start declining as you're expecting? Do you think you can sustain that kind of margin expansion in the face of lower freight and, in particular, PTC sales?
Al Neupaver: No I think the first quarter speaks for itself. If you look fourth quarter to first quarter, the change in both of those were significant and we maintained the margin at the 18.4%. I think the fourth quarter margin -- what was it -- do we have that some more Scott
Ray Betler: It was about 32%.
Al Neupaver: No.
Pat Dugan: 18.2% in the fourth quarter.
Al Neupaver: 18.2%. So we actually improved with both of those revenues coming down.
Scott Group: Okay. And then just last question. So on Faiveley, I know you're seeing midyear. Any color you can give us on kind of what you're hearing from the regulatory agencies and any more color just on timing there? And what can you guys do in the interim while you're waiting to hear from the regulator just in terms of planning? And I guess what I'm trying to get at is do the -- can the synergies come earlier or not, given the amount of time you've got now to plan for this?
Al Neupaver: Okay. I really can't comment on the process. Right now we're right in the middle of the thick of things. I can tell you that I've learned what the word patience means. We were warned on how long it would take by our European friends as well as the -- our legal departments and our outside lawyers. So we're working through it. Again, I just want to emphasize it is not a matter of if, it's just when it will close. As far as what we're able to do at this time, we're somewhat limited because the regulatory process is ongoing. But we're working extremely hard on our integration plan and doing all the planning work that can't be done without sharing any kind of information that would be impacted by the regulatory review. So we're working hard. We'll be prepared day one when that happens.
Operator: The next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Al, just going back to one of your comments in the beginning, you talk about your confidence in the outlook this year just based on some of these delayed projects moving forward. I'm assuming it's transit. What's your confidence in this environment that those will get executed this year.
Al Neupaver: I think Ray could probably better answer those. He's closer to those projects.
Ray Betler: So Allison, we've talked about that dynamic in the transit market before. There's frequently projects are delayed for a whole host of reasons, funding, cars are built slow on the initial build. And so our subsystems are delayed in terms of shipment to the car builders, revenue recognitions. So there's a whole set of dynamics in the transit area that causes delays. But the good thing is that there are projects moving forward. We talked about MBPA last year receiving that order. Chicago has been decided but is being protested so there is an example of a delay. The Chinese were identified as the winner. The Bombardier folks are challenging that decision. I don't think it's going to holdup but who knows what impact it is going to have. As far as starting a contract, we have bid to both car builders so I think we're in a pretty good position in either case. There's new projects coming along. The next one will be LA, the one after that New York. And now there's long term funding in place. So I think the dynamic on the transit side actually should improve, especially here in North America.
Al Neupaver: Yes. One thing I would like to point out, if you look at transit by itself and remember that we've talked time and time again about why we feel it's important that we have a balance between freight and transit. And we really feel that these markets are kind of cyclic. And if you take a look at our growth, 2015 to 2016 in transit, it's about 9.4%. The backlog has increased from last quarter by at least 2%. We're at a record high. Now, the real question is when do these projects that we're talking about here, when do they hit? We have no control over that and there's one thing for sure is that there's always delays and we're used to it. Hopefully when we look at our plan going forward, we've put in some conservatism as far as when those particular projects hit. Anything you look at -- we're doing what we said we would do. And that is that we have a counter cyclic balance in our business model and we focus real hard on the margins in that area because the dynamic of the mix effect on your margins. So were trying to execute. We said that's the thing we have control of and that's the thing we stay focused on.
Ray Betler: Allison, the other area where we've seen some delays as we mentioned before, PTC. Scott asked question and while there have been some delays because the railroads cut back their CapEx and they're trying to manage to the new deadline, the deadlines only 2018. That's not that far away. So we don't anticipate a big issue on the PTC side over the next few years. Say it has to be totally built-out, totally installed and then integrated and qualified and commissioned. So there's a lot of work left to do. So we're not anticipating major delays on the PTC side.
Allison Poliniak: And that kind of goes to my next question, understandably, PTC is sort of at a pause this year. I guess that's not the right word but there's no real reason that it should down in 2017 just based on this sort of aggressive timeline to 2018. Is that correct?
Ray Betler: Yes. I think we have reasonably good visibility on the PTC revenue over the next three years. And we're still talking about $85 million this quarter alone. So it's not an inactive product line for us. There's a lot of activity still in progress.
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: So I wanted to follow up on one of the earlier questions. Operating margins improved despite the revenue decline and negative mix. So I was wondering if you could talk about the magnitude of the cost saves in the first quarter. I know you said at least $30 million for the full year. But I'm curious how much of that amount was recognized in the first quarter?
Al Neupaver: I think it's pretty much proportional. And I think if you look at the -- I think the right word -- I'm being told that decremental is the right word. I didn't know that was a word but I'm learning. We had a 13% -- what I call negative contribution margin and I think that typically when you go down -- that amount of volume which is I think quarter-to quarter, 2015 to 2016, was almost $50 million -- you would expect that it would have an impact. Our normal is 20% on the way up and usually on the way down you're penalized more than that. So I think if you just look at it that way, you're probably look at -- we probably got anywhere from $5 million to $8 million of savings that were reflected in the first quarter numbers. Pat, is that right?
Pat Dugan: Yes, no I agree.
Justin Long: And secondly, I was wondering if you could talk about how your North American freight after-market business trended in the quarter. I think a lot of people saw the decline in rail volume. You mentioned it down 6%. And we're wondering how that business would be impacted. So could you just talk about the performance of that operation in the first quarter and your expectation for how that revenue progresses over the remainder of the year.
Al Neupaver: First of all, I think that's one area that we were probably way too aggressive when we talked about it in our year plan the last time we had a call. And what we're seeing is it's directly proportional to the drop in traffic pick. And that's the reason why the impact we see from the car build and the locomotive build as well as the after-market went up by about $50 million or so.
Justin Long: And then maybe one last quick follow-up on PTC, I know you expected or you said you expected to be down this year in terms of PTC related revenue. But is there any order of magnitude you could share on that? And then also I was wondering what PTC related revenue represents in your backlog today.
Al Neupaver: Yes, I think that there's about $100 million of PTC in the backlog. Is that right?
Pat Dugan: Yes.
Al Neupaver: And from a down, I would say we don't have an accurate number at this point. We probably -- the next quarter would be more accurate. But the dynamic is such that it will be less. I think that you saw the drop here. We have no reason to believe it would be less than that on an annual basis. And as people figure out their spending plan and get more aggressive going forward, we could see actually an improvement at the year goes on. And that's probably our best analysis of that right now.
Tim Wesley: Justin, this is Tim. I'll add a little bit of color on the backlog. So the traditional sort of PTC work about $100 million or so in the backlog, but as we've expanded into the signaling and communications arena, certainly we have backlog there. So the total of the train control and signaling in the backlog is probably more like $300 million. So, just to give you kind of an order of magnitude of the size of that additional signaling and communications work.
Al Neupaver: And then I think it's because I think that the important thing. There's no doubt that the class ones go out to 2018 and they've completed their PTC which I have every reason to believe they're going to be able to do that. Our business model and we've tried to explain this time and time again, gets to be train control and signaling. And we view this as our opportunity, not just the initial install, but you have an after-market business, a service business as well as enhancements and other signaling projects and that's what we're focused on. And that's why we say over time that our train control and signaling business is going to grow. And we're trying to give a little more color on that by giving an indication in the first quarter that although it was $85 million on strictly PTC, if you add in the signaling business, it takes it up to what? $110 million.
Justin Long: Do you think the signaling business can be bigger than your PTC business today?
Al Neupaver: You're looking at a $22 billion market globally. Now, we're not focused on the total market. But we're focused on the niche areas of those markets that's probably 20% of that total market. So yes, if we're successful in executing our strategy and our business plan, it will be. It'll be train control and signaling business, that's really our focus.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier: You talked about the targeted cost savings. Al, I think you quantified it for the quarter at maybe $5 million to $7 million is providing a little bit of cushion in terms of the margin with your rev and rev down and the mixed headwind. Is there anything else you can talk to that was meaningful in terms of helping you maintain your margins during the quarter? I think you talked to maybe the improvement on your prior acquisitions, the operating improvement and margin improvement there. But I'm just try to get a sense for if there's other things that are enabling you to kind of weather the cycle starting to fade here.
Al Neupaver: Yes, actually on the contrary. Keep in mind that we didn't talk about the one-time expenses related to get those savings. So not only did we get the results but, at the end of the day, we didn't use the cost and expense as an excuse. So that's why we said sequentially. As these cost reductions take better effect, we have a little more confidence in how we're going to perform. Those cost savings are not free.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And I guess for the year, you've adopted your -- the targeted cost savings. The headwind year-on-year at freight went from 100 to 150 so it looks like you're going to be able to potentially fully mitigate the cycle headwinds. I'm just trying to get a sense for if that 150 headwind -- if it's more like 200 or potentially a bigger number. Is there more cost you can potentially take out moving forward?
Al Neupaver: If we have to, we will. So we'll take a look at -- these are your assumptions that we have right now. And we're continuing to look at it every month, every quarter.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then are you able to provide the positive train control revenue numbers? You gave the consolidated I think at 85 but how that broke out between the freight and the transit businesses.
Al Neupaver: Yes, freight was about 75% of that.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then just finally, the change from looking for slight PTC revenue growth this year to I think down a little bit, can you talk to your expectations and your respective businesses? Or you think both freight and transit are going to be down? Is it more freight than transit? I'm just trying to get a sense for what's contributing to the decline this year per those two different markets thanks.
Al Neupaver: On PT, are you're asking specifically what PTC meant?
Matt Brooklier: Yes, I'm just try to get a sense for your consolidated number.
Al Neupaver: It's basically freight. You've got class ones that have cut back there CapEx budgets by 30%, 35%. So they've cut back on not only insulation, they've cut back on construction, they've cut back on qualifications. So they basically have pulled back significantly, that's why they've performed so well, by the way. Kudos to them. They've all performed well and they've all dealt with the current downfall or shortfall, in their businesses. Yes, you don't see it so much in transit because those are programmed out. And if we have it, it's going to be in freight.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, so it's the freights that headwind this year.
Al Neupaver: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Baudendistel with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mike Baudendistel: Sounds like you had a lot of good opportunities in the acquisition front in your pipeline. And you also said that you wanted to maintain your investment grade credit ratings. Can you just tell us how much debt you think you could assume for acquisitions and still maintain that rating?
Pat Dugan: Yes, just in talking to the rating agencies, we focus on about a two times as sort of the upper limit of what the debt can be. As long as we -- but to exceed that would be okay as long as we have a plan to deleverage pretty quickly. So right now we've also talked an awful lot with these ratings agencies about weathering cycles and the economy as it is. So right now we seem to have everybody's confidence and as long as we don't get much past that two times without a deleveraging plan, we would be fine.
Mike Baudendistel: And then one other question is on the change in revenue guidance, understand that there's lower after-market revenue now expected because the rail volumes have been disappointing. Is there anything more to it than that or was it really concentrated in that area?
Al Neupaver: That's just in that area.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: Just had one question, the others are answered. Just wanted to clarify that your EPS guidance for the year -- does that include or exclude the $0.03 per share in Faiveley expenses you had this quarter?
Tim Wesley: Jason, that excludes. We've said that there's nothing in the guidance for Faiveley, whether that would be revenues or expenses
Operator: The next question comes from Thom Albrecht with BB&T. Please go ahead.
Thom Albrecht: A lot of my questions have been answered but I did want to go back to a couple things. Ray, you gave a figure -- you were giving a number of things and you said something about $470 million or $475 million, down 8%. What was that?
Ray Betler: Just one second, Thom, that was after-market sales for the Company.
Thom Albrecht: Okay. All right, down 8%. And refresh my memory, I think it was late October, early November -- wasn't there a huge transit award in India? Several billion dollars? And bring us up to speed with that and whether you might be a participant in that.
Ray Betler: I think the order you're referring to, Thom, was a locomotive order in India.
Al Neupaver: Thom, we mentioned the Bombardier order from Faiveley. Is that the one he's talking about?
Ray Betler: I don't know what -- you're asking about an order we bid on. That was a locomotive order in India for 1000 locomotives. So Faiveley has a big business in India. They have won several projects in India. But on our side, our focus was on locomotive order. There was a [indiscernible] called locomotives, Thom.
Thom Albrecht: And then have you given some thought to where railcar deliveries might be in 2017? I know that's a ways off but 60 to 65 might be a little optimistic for 2016 certainly looking into 2017 it could be a little bit more negative than even current forecast suggest.
Ray Betler: Yes, we really don't have any better information than what's out there. We do know the backlog is 95,000. So it would carry the current rate well into the year. But I think someone, if you look at it, it looks like there was a small cancellation of some sort compared to the orders coming in, deliveries in the backlog. So we hope that the economy turns around because it's driven by the economy in car loading.
Al Neupaver: So the answer to your question is, yes. We think about it every day. That's why we were able to hit the [indiscernible]. So believe me, we're thinking about it.
Thom Albrecht: No, I hear you. I think it was a lot of small cube [ph] hoppers there were canceled. I think Al was too nice to say the category but I think that's what it was. Okay, that's all I had. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Liam Burke with Wunderlich Securities. Please go ahead.
Liam Burke: Ray, in the freight side of the business, are you seeing any change in pricing with CapEx budgets coming in?
Ray Betler: No, we haven't seen significant changes.
Liam Burke: Okay. And on the signaling communications side, you've got a big opportunity. How do you see growing the business? Is it more internally developed or acquisition or how does it divide up?
Ray Betler: Yes, really both. We're working hard on a lot of enhancements because there's a lot of other people working on them as well. That now that there's a computer onboard the locomotive, you got a smart train and trying to take advantage of that capability. So will be focused on internal development as well as acquisitions.
Liam Burke: So having that background on locomotive-based PTC, there should be an advantage to you taking the next step into the communications and signaling side or expanding that expertise.
Ray Betler: Yes. And remember, Liam, we bought a communication company a little bit more than a year ago. And that company really has performed well for us. It was called CCI. As a result of that acquisition, received a sizable contract for MTA in New York to provide a communications system for the PTC access system on their network. So that capability [indiscernible] exists in our portfolio and that is one of the areas we're trying to grow. We're trying to grow other areas like our video communications, wireless crossings, there's a whole host of areas we're working on.
Al Neupaver: Yes and there's ample opportunities. There's only so many things that we work on and be expert at that
Operator: The next question comes from Kristine Kubacki with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Al and Ray, I guess I was just wondering, in terms of the guidance, $4.30 to $4.50, it still seems pretty wide. And I get that there's a lot of uncertainty out there whether it's car build or after-market. I guess just trying to give a little bit of confidence, where in terms of your guidance do you feel like there's the most risk where we'd end up at the bottom end? Is it transit projects being delayed or is it further weakening in the after-market on the freight side? I was just hoping you could give us a little color there.
Al Neupaver: I would think there's probably multiple potential risks. I think you identified one, Kristine, is that the freight markets continued to weaken and they aren't stabilized as the year goes on. I think that transit products delay. I think capital spending in train control and signaling, you got a look at -- we do have a significant international business. There has been some recovery in the iron ore price but that has driven our business. Oil and gas -- we have 15% of our businesses outside of rail and some of that is related to power generation and oil and gas. So we have this diverse business model and what we hope to do is we have -- our model is somewhat counter cyclic and diversified that minimizes the impact, but everyone of those are things that we talk about continuously and stay focused on. And we have multiple divisions, multiple groups that are asked to react as they see their market change.
Kristine Kubacki: And then I was just wondering a little bit more on the capital allocation side, obviously pretty heavy quarter on the share repurchase side and you gave us a little color on the debt side so I appreciate that. But you did also talk about maybe some acquisitions coming. I mean the stock has had a pretty big rebound here the first quarter. I was kind of wondering if -- and given the marketplace, have valuations come down or should we see more of a capital allocation toward acquisitions again? Or how do you expect the share repurchase to also unfold at the same time?
Al Neupaver: I don't think we -- Ray went through the priorities and I think our priorities -- we'll maintain those. We've been successful. The most profitable way to grow is through internal development and where staying focused on that. Second is acquisitions. Third is the dividend and the share buyback. So I think it'll be the same priorities. What changes those priorities is the opportunity. We're opportunistic. You can't predict acquisitions. So we have to adjust the priorities based on what's available and we'll continue to do that. But we're focused in all those areas in that list of priorities.
Ray Betler: Kristine, just to give you a little bit of insight into other parts of our business, there's been a huge capital improvement plan announced for ports in this country -- under $55 billion investment. And Fandstan sells these big festoon railing systems to have port to ship power. So we've actually received several contracts in places like Singapore and Shanghai and anticipate opportunities in Los Angeles, Miami, other places in the states for that kind of technology. So if you look across the business and the diversification opportunities we have, while freight is definitely a concern, the trend, there's other parts of our business that are supplementing and offsetting those reductions.
Al Neupaver: Ray, you might want to talk about the capital project related to power generation that we're investing in.
Ray Betler: Yes. I think I mentioned in my remarks that we have a major investment that we were selected for supply of an intercooler which is a similar -- it's an aligned technology from our tier 4 radiator technology for locomotives. And we supplied this technology into power generation and power disruption areas. And we're literally building a plant right now in China because of the opportunity in this market. We've received 12 orders so far for new intercoolers. That's greater than we originally anticipated in the business plan. And that business, we think, eventually when it matures is going to bring about a $50 million revenue stream every year.
Al Neupaver: What's one unit ballpark price?
Ray Betler: Each unit, it's very different unit to unit -- can range anywhere from about $1.5 million, $2 million up to $4.5 million depending on its size.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Al, you said there were some expenses associated with the cost savings. What was the impact from that in the quarter and can you talk about how -- what that'll look like as the year progresses?
Pat Dugan: So restructuring costs or severance costs included in that would be about $2 million in the quarter. And those are obviously dictated by location and what kind of restructuring actions we take. So I wouldn't call that as things that would be recurring or to be anticipated--
Al Neupaver: Depending on the marketplace--
Pat Dugan: Yes, you could have additional costs related to some kind of actions we might take going forward.
Steve Barger: But the expectation is the $30 million benefit is net of all the expenses through the year?
Pat Dugan: Right.
Steve Barger: And just one more question on that subject. Is that all employee related or were there any expenses related to a more permanent changes like plant closings or consolidation?
Pat Dugan: They were mostly focused on employees and reducing costs there. There were no plant shutdowns or asset impairments or anything like that.
Steve Barger: And it sounds like you expect free cash flow will be up this year versus the $400 million from last year. I'm trying to think about the impact of Faiveley, do you expect that contributes free cash flow out of the gate or will the cash cost of restructuring make that a drag?
Al Neupaver: We really haven't put any pro forma out at this point and will probably best -- whenever we close we'll come out and have a conference call and go through the pro forma. So is probably a little premature. But our goal is to always have more cash flow than net income.
Pat Dugan: Right.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Al Neupaver for any closing remarks.
Al Neupaver: We'll talk to you soon. Thanks a lot.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-18 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thank you, Alison. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our 2015 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Let me introduce the others in the room here with me; our Executive Chairman, Al Neupaver; Ray Betler, our President and CEO; Pat Dugan, our CFO; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. We will be taking your questions but first, we'll make some prepared remarks, as usual. And of course, during today's call, we will make some forward-looking statements, so we ask that you please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al, go ahead.
Albert J. Neupaver: Hey, thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, we had a good performance, record earnings and strong cash flow, despite ongoing headwinds in some of our markets and a sluggish global economy. As a result of the strong finish to the year, we posted full-year records for sales, earnings and cash flow, and we ended the year with a backlog of more than $2.1 billion. In particular, our cash generation was excellent in 2015, with cash flow from operations of $448 million for the year, exceeding net income by 12%. The business is performing well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives, our dedicated employees and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. Now, that's not say we were immune to the challenges that we're all facing, probably in every transportation and industrial company these days. But I do want to emphasize that we have managed through many cycles over the years and we have the business model and the ability to do so in the future. Today, we issued 2016 guidance for the first time. As you might expect, because it's early in the year and because of the current macro uncertainties, we think it's very prudent to take a conservative approach to guidance. Our full-year earnings per diluted share are expected to be between $4.30 and $4.50, with revenues flat to slightly up for the year. The midpoint of this EPS range represents growth of 7.3% compared to 2015. This guidance does not include our pending acquisition of Faiveley Transport and any related expense. I will talk more about Faiveley in a minute. The guidance assumes the following. Slow growth in the global economy taking into account current conditions in all of our key markets. Any revenue growth for the year will come from our Transit Group, with the Freight Group expected to be about flat. Our guidance assumes no changes in foreign exchange rates from current levels. We assume a tax rate of about 32% for the year. We assume that the diluted shares outstanding will be about 92.7 million for EPS calculation purposes, that's 92.7 million shares outstanding diluted. We expect our 2016 quarterly results to improve sequentially during the year, as we realize the benefits of our ongoing cost reduction initiatives, as well as delayed projects that are already in the backlog that will begin to ramp up as we go through the year. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling costs and focused on generating cash to invest in our growth opportunities. Now back to the Faiveley acquisition. As you know, we've signed a definitive agreement to acquire from the members of the Faiveley family about 51% of Faiveley Transport, a leading global provider of value-added, integrated systems and services for the railway industry with annual sales of about $1.2 billion. We've also entered into a definitive tender offer agreement with Faiveley Transport and a definitive shareholders' agreement with the majority shareholders. Closing of the transactions is subject to various customary conditions, including completion of remaining regulatory requirements. While we can't predict the timing with certainty, we are making progress and we expect to close by midyear. This opportunity probably has the most compelling strategic rationale of any acquisition that we've ever made. We'll be recombining the original WABCO Rail divisions to create one of the world's largest public rail equipment companies with total revenues of about $4.5 billion in the worldwide freight rail and passenger transit industry. This combination offers complementary geographies with minimal overlap. It offers diversified in-market offerings. It's an extension of product and service capabilities. It enhances technology and innovation initiatives. This technology and innovation is really needed by the rails not only in freight, but also in transit that would help improve the safety, the efficiency, and the productivity of the rails throughout the world. It expands relationships with blue-chip global customers, and it provides synergies to drive growth. We expect the long-term annual synergies of about 40 million to be achieved through supply-chain efficiencies, review of operations for efficiency and cost savings, and leveraging SG&A capabilities. This combination, as I said, improves our ability to offer safety, productivity and efficiency enhancements to the global rail markets. So we're very excited about the future growth opportunities provided by this acquisition, and we're working through the process to get it completed. In the meantime, we remain focused on running our business. Ray, can you cover our current markets and growth strategies?
Raymond T. Betler: Okay. Thanks, Al. Let's start with some general comments about the global economy. As stated in the third quarter call and as Al just repeated a couple of minutes ago, we think sluggish is a good way to describe the economy in general. Lower commodity prices continue to have a negative effect on a number of transportation and industrial markets, and we can't predict when that will change. The North America market is seeing lower rail volumes due in part to reduced shipments of coal and other commodities such as metals, minerals and oil. As China's growth has slowed, that has led to reduced demand for natural resources in places like Brazil and Australia. In energy, low oil prices have reduced the number of drilling rigs in the U.S. Some of these headwinds could represent secular changes in our markets and some may also be recessionary. But either way, we have reacted and will continue to react to these changes. Over the years, Wabtec has proven that it can perform because it has a diversified business model and because we remain focused on what we do control and that is our costs, improving those and aggressively pursuing our growth strategies. So, let's talk about cost reductions. I'll talk about growth initiatives in just a minute, but on the cost reduction side, we have programs in place. As is always the case, some of our business units compete in markets that are growing, while others are in markets where overall demand is more challenging. That's not unusual. We are well equipped to respond to these market conditions. In this case, we have taken the following steps. We have reduced total employment by more than 5% in the fourth quarter and we will continue to adjust, as necessary, our employment levels going forward. We initiated expense reduction programs, both at the corporate level and across all business units. We've set more aggressive goals for activities associated with our Wabtec Performance System, which includes lean supply management and other quality initiatives, and we have continued to include those savings in our guidance today. On the freight side, a few words about the freight rail markets. In NAFTA, freight rail traffic was down about 2% in 2015, with the second half of the year down more than the first half. In the first few weeks of this year, the numbers are worse, with total traffic growth down 5%. The comparisons will start to get easier as we go through the year and we will continue to monitor this trend very closely. For 2016, our NAFTA assumptions are that we'll see flat rail traffic; that freight car deliveries will be about 60,000, that's down 25% from last year; and that locomotive deliveries will be about 1, 100, which is down about 5% from last year. Together, those represent headwinds of about $100 million in revenue compared to 2015. Freight traffic in some of our global markets is challenged, especially in commodity-driven markets, as I mentioned before, like Australia and Brazil. We're focused on increasing our global footprint and also our product offerings beyond our traditional NAFTA markets. Remember that about 75% of the installed base of locomotives and freight cars are outside of NAFTA. Our transit markets remained fairly stable, both in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S. and Canada, ridership was down about 1% in the most recent quarter. Although the UK and France saw increases, Russia saw slight decreases. This year, we're expecting North America transit cars to be up about 4% with bus deliveries about the same. We've seen some transit projects delayed in recent quarters and we expect some of them to start ramping up as the year goes through. Transit funding in U.S. is projected to grow about 10% in fiscal 2016, as the federal government did finally pass a multi-year transportation bill. That bill includes small increases in future years along with the much needed funding required for Positive Train Control, especially for the transit authorities. Reported revenues in our transit business in 2015 were down about 5%, but if you exclude the effects of foreign exchange, they were actually up about 3% and our total transit backlog continues grow, which bodes well for our future. Our multi-year transit backlog is now at a record level and it has increased in the third consecutive quarter. Among orders that we've booked are the PRASA order in South Africa, which is $160 million order over a 10-year period; the MBTA project in Boston, which represents about a $70 million opportunity and a San Francisco Muni job, which represents about $50 million to Wabtec. And remember, just as with freight, we are focused on global growth and increasing our product offerings, because the international markets are again much larger than NAFTA. We estimate the global installed base for transit cars to be about 330,000, so 95% of the total fleet is outside of North America. We continue to focus on growth in cash generation. In the quarter, we generated $193 million of cash flow from operations, giving us $448 million for the year, which gives us ample capacity for investment. Our priorities for allocating free cash have not changed. I'll remind you what they are; to fund internal growth programs, which includes product development and capital expenditures, acquisitions  and we have plenty of opportunities and a strong pipeline to deploy capital in this area, to return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks where we've been very active. In May, we announced a dividend increase, again, for the fifth consecutive year. And during 2015, we bought back about 4.9 million shares for about $388 million. That left only about $33 million on our $350 million buyback authorization. So, we're pleased to announce that our board has just authorized a new $350 million program, and we plan to continue to be active in the market because we believe in our stock. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. Our four corporate strategic growth strategies remain the same, to grow globally and in the markets we currently serve, to seek out expansion in the aftermarket worldwide, to look for investment in new product development, innovation and new technologies and to pursue acquisitions. So, let's talk about those strategies, our growth strategies; global and market expansion. For the year, sales outside of the U.S. were about $1.6 billion, almost half of our total sales versus about one-third only five years ago. Markets such as Brazil and Australia were challenging due to lower commodity prices, but we did generate sales increases in markets such as Asia, Europe, India and the Middle East. In Qatar, for instance, we won an order for conductor rail through our Fandstan business. In Saudi Arabia, we won a component order for freight cars, which includes electronic-controlled braking. In Russia, we won an order for current collectors, Thailand for brake equipment, and there's a lot of activity that we're pursuing in countries such as India and Indonesia. On the aftermarket side; aftermarket sales for the year were about $2 billion, about 62% of our total sales. Recent orders include locomotive rebuilds in the U.S. for various railroads that are not buying new locomotives, PTC installation for several transit authorities and a major truck overhaul program for the MTA in Baltimore, which includes traction motors, brake equipment and brake shoes. For the year, sales outside of the U.S., as I said, were strong. But if you look at the new product area, we have growing internal development product opportunities where new projects can therefore be pursued. We've developed several products that are on test and being homologated in Russia. We delivered next-generation video and event recorders for locomotives to several Class 1s. We've developed and enhanced our electronic brake control equipment not only for freight, but also for transit. And we were selected for a new intercooler opportunity in a power generation business, which will mainly address the Asian growth opportunities in power generation. Positive Train Control has been one of several growth areas and it continues to be strong. As you all know, the PTC deadline was extended in the fourth quarter. The deadline is now the end of 2018 with two one-year potential extensions. That compares to the original deadline of 2015. We don't expect the extension to have an effect on our total opportunity across PTC. It could have an effect on the timing of our revenues. We had strong PTC revenues in Q4, and we finished the year with revenues at about $400 million. We expect slight growth in 2016, with a slow start to the year as our customers sort out their own spending plans for the new  associated with the new deadline. We continue to have a lot of activity around building a long-term aftermarket business associated with PTC, which includes service and maintenance contracts, software upgrades and enhancements to our base installed systems. In Brazil, our customer is running the PTC system at MRS. The signaling system we installed in revenue service is seeing significant extended benefits from our system. We expect this transition to soon migrate into the maintenance and service opportunities, and we think that will be a model for other railroads. Our experience and market position in train control has also enabled us to expand our signaling capabilities in niche markets through acquisitions and other organic initiatives. And we view the train control and signaling market as one of our long-term growth opportunities in our business. On the acquisition side, our pipeline, even beyond Faiveley, continues to be active and strong. Al talked about our planned acquisition of Faiveley, and I'd like to say a little bit about another acquisition that we made, this one in Australia. It's called RMS, Relay Monitoring Systems. That business was acquired in Q4. RMS manufactures electrical protection and control products with annual sales of around $15 million. These products are used in the power generation market, as well as in rail applications. They include relays, transformer control systems, voltage regulators, as well as electrical monitoring systems and sensors. RMS is an excellent strategic fit, especially associated with our Mors Smitt business, which we acquired a few years ago, based in Netherlands. Together, these companies offer complementary products and geographical synergies that will help enhance one another's portfolio. I'd like also to give you a quick update on the performance of Fandstan. We acquired Fandstan in mid-2014. Fandstan continues to perform very well. As we discussed previously, when we made the acquisition, we saw many opportunities for growth and improved business. We focused our Wabtec Performance System on the Fandstan business and institutionalized lean in-sourcing improvement opportunities. We've realized additional synergies by integrating Fandstan's sales efforts with our existing Wabtec worldwide sales and marketing organization. And we've been able to grow this business with new products in a variety of product areas and geographical markets. As a result of all these efforts, we expect Fandstan to grow about 8% this year, with margins that will almost be double what they were when we bought the company less than three years ago. It's a tremendous success story, thanks to Fandstan's strong management team that came with the business, and also our corporate group executive, as well as our other WPS champions across our organization. So, with that as background, Pat, can you talk about some of the financial details in the fourth quarter, please?
Patrick D. Dugan: Sure. Thanks, Ray. Sales for the fourth quarter were $833 million, about 1.5% higher than the last year's quarter. You have to consider that this also includes a negative impact of about $27 million or 3% from changes in foreign exchange rates. Excluding FX, all of our increase came from acquisitions, adding about $45 million. Looking at our segments, freight segment sales increased 4% as acquisitions contributed about $39 million, and that more than offset the negative effect of FX for about $10 million. Transit segment sales decreased 2%, as the negative effect of changes in FX rates about $17 million more than offset growth from our acquisitions, which was about $7 million. For 2016, we expect any revenue growth really to come from the transit segment. Looking at our operating income for the quarter, it was a $151 million or 18.2% of sales. In 2014, our fourth quarter operating margin was a comparable 16.7%, so we continue to find ways to improve our margins. SG&A for the quarter was about $91 million, about $2 million lower than the year ago quarter, and this was due to a couple of factors, a few factors; changes in FX rates, which lowered our expenses as we consolidate our results, internal cost controls and initiatives, and a lower expense for benefits and compensation. I'll also point out that in that line was costs related to the transaction of  and the acquisition of Faiveley about $2 million. Our engineering expense was up slightly as we continue to invest in product development. Amortization was about the same as the prior-year quarter. And our interest expense was $4.2 million, slightly more than the year-ago quarter. In our other expense and income line, I've to point out that we had other income of about $2.4 million in the quarter, mainly from non-cash foreign currency translation gains. So this gain really offsets the Faiveley transaction costs that we recorded above in SG&A. I also want to comment on the effect of FX on our guidance. We have an exposure due to the consolidation of our results, similar to what I just discussed. And today's guidance takes into account FX rates at current levels. Any changes could affect our 2016 results. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.9% compared to 29.4% in the year-ago quarter. This is higher mainly due to a one-time benefit we realized in the year-ago quarter, offset by a greater mix of profits and higher taxes in the U.S. versus our international locations. Most of our international locations have lower tax rates. We expected the 2016 annual rate to be about 32%. And remember, as I always say, that's an annual forecast and each quarter could vary due to timing of any discrete items. When you look at our balance sheet, it remains strong, which provides financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We have an investment-grade rating, and our goal is to maintain it. When you look at our working capital, at December 31, trade and unbilled receivables were $599 million, inventories were $479 million and accounts payable were $319 million. Just as a reminder, the unbilled receivables are related to long-term contracts where we need to hit certain project milestones before we're able to actually bill for the work and collect the cash. When you look at unbilled receivables at the end of the quarter, at the end of the year, it was $104 million compared to $151 million at the end of the third quarter of 2015. That's the lowest number since the end of 2012 and reflects our efforts to hit project milestones; bill and collect the cash for our work. Our cash balance at December 31 was $226 million, mostly held outside the United States. That balance was $209 million at September 30. That balance does not include about $200 million we're currently holding in escrow related to the Faiveley transaction financing. Our debt balance at December 31 was $696 million compared to $451 million at September 30. It has increased mainly due to the funding of our stock repurchases that occurred in the fourth quarter. And our cash from operations in the quarter was $193 million, which brings us to $448 million for the year, more than our net income of $399 million and we view that as a solid performance. Just a couple of miscellaneous items that we always review for the call. Our depreciation expense was $10.9 million compared to $10.4 million a year-ago quarter, our amortization expense was $5.7 million compared to $5.9 million a year ago, and our capital expenditures for the quarter were $16.3 million versus $16.7 million a year ago. For the year, our CapEx amounted to $49 million and that compares to $48 million a year ago, and we're expecting a similar level of capital expenditures for 2016. When you look at our backlog, our multi-year backlog was $2.1 billion, 1% lower than the end of the third quarter. Our transit increased for the third  our transit backlog increased for the third quarter in a row to a record $1.47 billion, and our freight backlog is $672 million. Now, remember that changes in FX rates reduced the backlog total by about $105 million when you compare it to a year ago, 2014. Our rolling 12-month backlog, which is included in the multi-year backlog, was $1.2 billion compared to about $1.3 billion in the third quarter; transit was about $622 million and freight was about $586 million. The total backlog figures don't include about $250 million of pending orders and options. So, it does not include pending orders and options. And we won't include them and count them until the customer exercises those options or any pending orders. So with that, I'll turn it back over Al for some concluding remarks.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you, Pat. Once again, we had a good performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2015. Let's take one more look at 2015. Revenues increased 9% to a record $3.3 billion. Income from operations increased 15% to a record $608 million. EPS increased 13% to a record $4.10, and we ended the year with a backlog of more than $2.1 billion. Looking ahead at 2016, we're anticipating another record year with EPS guidance of between $4.30 and $4.50, with revenues expected to be flat to slightly up. We are pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see. We are responding aggressively to the current challenges in some of our markets. We remain excited about our long-term growth prospects, as countries around the world continue to invest in freight rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce costs. We have an experienced management team and a dedicated group of employees that are taking advantage of our growth opportunities and responding to the challenges. With that, we'll be more than happy to answer your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question will come from Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott H. Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott H. Group: So, I know you mentioned that you tried to take a conservative approach with the guidance, given some of the uncertainty out there, but with railcar deliveries down 25% and locomotives down 5%, you're still talking about flattish freight revenue for the year. So maybe help us bridge the gap of those declines, and then what's growing to offset that, and why you feel that that's conservative.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. If you take a look at the freight markets, the things that we have  the headwinds that we talked about and, I think, they've been discussed for a number of months, I don't think we need to repeat them. And, I think, Ray gave a pretty good analysis of the impact of that. Offsetting those are things that are growth initiatives. We're still excited about the growth and I think that our comment about we think that we'll get a slight growth out of our PTC train control signaling business is one thing that we feel will continue to grow into the future and provide some of that offsetting growth. If you look at our freight markets, they're not just here in North America and we have opportunities in new markets. Some of those markets are emerging countries, whether it'd be China, India. Ray made a mention of our involvement in Russia. We've got additional projects and even the mining countries that are seeing a slow  some slowness and impact from the commodity crisis, but we have projects that we're working on to grow. So, I think that all said and done, we have headwinds that we're faced with, but we also have a lot of things that we're excited about and been working on as far as growth strategies for a number of years. And hopefully, those are the things that we see will offset those challenges that are real.
Scott H. Group: Okay, that makes sense. In terms of Faiveley, so maybe just some perspective; is this  is it taking longer than you would have thought to close the deal? And should we be seeing  are there any kind of regulatory risks that we need to be thinking about? And then just kind of separately on Faiveley, if this deal closes around the middle of the year, should we expect kind of a normal kind of quick ramp in earnings accretion in the back half of the year or because of accounting things, is the earnings accretion all likely to really kick in starting in 2017?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. I think that was seven questions. Let's start out. I'm a very patient individual. So, as far as what we thought and how it's occurring, I think that the  our legal group, internal and external, gave us a pretty good indication how long the process would take. Whether we wanted to accept that or not, that's a whole another story. But  so I think we got good counsel and we understood that it's going to take time. When you think about, I think, the question  uncertainty related to the regulatory, we really can't comment on that. What we have said and we continue to say, it's not a matter of if, it's just a matter of when this will close. We have confidence, especially from our legal department and others inside and out, that we have to deal with the regulatory questions, respond to them, and it's just a matter of when this thing gets completed. As far as the impact on this year, we will obviously provide that information at the right time. When the close is imminent, we will definitely have a conference call, we'll explain the one-time costs, we'll explain what we would see from any accretion in the remainder of the year. I think it's premature to do that right now. So, we're going to continue working on the regulatory process. As we stated or anticipated, we could get this done by mid-year and it's just a matter of when and not if.
Raymond T. Betler: And I think, Scott, as far as your question about timing, you know we don't control the timing. But you asked basically, is it unusual, abnormal if you look at the Alstom acquisition and that whole transaction, and then others that are  have occurred recently, I think it's pretty consistent.
Scott H. Group: Okay. Thank you, guys. I'll get back in queue.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question will come from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Albert J. Neupaver: Hi. Good morning.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: On your cost reduction activities, was there any impact to Q4 profit and should we sort of think about that for maybe the first quarter, first half of this year as well?
Patrick D. Dugan: Allison, it's Pat. So, I mean, our philosophy has always been that we're trying to match the costs that we incur in restructuring and reductions with benefits within the quarter. So, I would say that they're probably not really material to the fourth quarter. And we've obviously targeted these head-count reductions in other areas that we reduce our costs going forward, really in line with  as our revenues are evolving.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Okay, perfect. And then, Ray, you talked about, obviously, Positive Train Control, and maybe a more moderate level of growth this year. Just given some of the challenges, obviously in the U.S. today, specifically, is there a risk that that spend could actually go negative this year, since they have a little more leeway with timing?
Raymond T. Betler: No, I don't think so, Allison. I think it's a mixed portfolio, it includes international business, as well as domestic business. I think what most  I think the Class 1s are still very much engaged and very focused on completing the PTC implementation. That's certainly our experience in the day-to-day interaction with our customers, so I don't see that in parallel. We're in the process; we're very close to signing several service agreements, which we told you that would come after we did the OEM portion of the installation. So, we're already started on developing new-generation equipment enhancements and other things. So  and there's going to be productivity improvements that come with the equipment itself. So, I think for all those reasons, we feel pretty good about our guidance on the PTC side.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think, Allison, just to add a little bit to what Ray said, I think that what we may see is that now that there is an extension that the Class 1s take a breather and they try now assess what their programs are going to be over the next three years and how they're going to get there, and reassess how this priority lines up with their capital available to spend. So, we can't control that. I think if any effect, it would be that we'd come out of the beginning of the year here maybe a little bit of an impact because of wait-and-see. But as Ray said, I think a big misconception about PTC is that it's a limited product where we sell an onboard computer on locomotives. And maybe we've not done a good enough job to explain. But we vision this train control and signaling as a long-term opportunity and probably growth for many years to come. Our vision with this is that we really feel that we want to work toward creating intelligent trains and have a more automated total system that operates the Class 1s. That would mean less infrastructure for them and it would improve their safety, productivity and efficiencies and reliability. Right now, in addition to the onboard computer, I mean, we offer dispatch systems, we offer back-office servers. We're working on enhancements to these systems related to wireless crossing activation, navigation enhancements, upgrading the computer itself. Keep in mind that this was all based on a computer that I think we would have sourced and developed in 2006, 2007 timeframe. Is that right, Ray? About that timeframe. So that  there's opportunities for upgrade. We're working on fuel management, dispatch movement planning, locomotive data collection, monitoring, diagnostics. And as Ray mentioned, for example, the MRS, we're going to be moving from  we put in a total system that is operating  they're getting all these efficiencies things and we're moving into the maintenance and service portion of that business. So, these all create an opportunity. The worldwide market in signaling is huge, and we're a small player. A lot of that is transit in both Asia and Europe. But it's a $22 billion market. And we want to grow our PTC train control signaling market over time, and when we talk about growth, could there be a quarter where it's less because of capital priorities? Obviously. But there's a lot of things driving our PTC business. And I just want to make sure we clarify that opportunity a little better than we've done in the past.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. And just, Allison, one more thing. Sorry to belabor the PTC issue, but it's something we're very excited about, very focused on. If you look at how long it's taken Class 1s to do their PTC implementation, recall that a lot of transit authorities, again, did not have funding up till now. This FAST Act bill provides funding. Now they virtually have three years to implement their systems. That's from start. So, that's not  that's a very, very compressed period of time for the transit authorities. So, while the Class 1s may extend, prolongate a little bit their investment and their program, the Class 1s really are going to be motivated to get it done.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: That's great. Thanks for the color on that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Justin Long from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Albert J. Neupaver: Hi, Justin.
Justin Long: So, I wanted to ask another one on PTC. You mentioned the service agreements, but could you talk about when you expect those service agreements to start kicking in and contributing to revenue? And would it be fair to say that the margin on those service contracts is more favorable or will be more favorable versus what you've seen on the installed base?
Raymond T. Betler: I think we've talked about the margins before, Justin, as being comparable to the PTC business as a whole. It's good business for us and we think it will continue to be. As far as the timing goes, we're anticipating several of those service agreements to be in place in Q1.
Justin Long: Okay, great. And I know the remaining opportunity on PTC is a moving target, but after getting 2015 in the books, could you share your ballpark expectation on the remaining addressable market? Between freight and transit, I mean would it be fair to say that there is at least another $1 billion or so that you could compete for over the next several years?
Albert J. Neupaver: Let me take that. If you look at the progress that the railroads issued through the AAR, basically they have spent $6 billion out of an estimated $9 billion or $10 billion. I think it's more like $10 billion estimated sale before they get this thing operational. Of the route miles that will be PTC-ready, by the end of 2016, it will be 38% and I'll give you the exact numbers. I'm looking at them. At the end of 2016, 63% of the 22,000 locomotives will be equipped with PTC. Transit adds another 3,000 to that. And I'll talk about transit separate. Half of the employees will be trained and about 87% of the trackside signaling systems will be ready. And 77% of the base station radios will be installed. So, you could realize that up to this point, we have about $1.3 billion of revenue that we've talked about on this whole signaling arena over the last  since I think 2008 is when we might have started reporting, or even a little later than that. So that gives you a relative amount, 80%. I mean, I think it's around $800 million that we have in freight. So, you could get a relative feel for, based on those percentage of completion on what it might be. But that is only one portion of our PTC system. If you look at the transit business, they estimate that they will cost probably about $3.5 billion. And we have about $300 million of revenue over that same timeframe. And if we look at where we think they're at, counting the  they actually put out a publication that showed what transit authorities will be complete in 2016 and estimated it out into 2020 actually. And we're about a third of the way on getting PTC ready on the transit. So, there is a lot of room in those areas and then on top of that is really the opportunity is we want to have enhancements, we want to try to work toward our vision of having this intelligent train, and we have the service agreements that are kicking in.
Justin Long: That's all really helpful. Thanks, Al. And I'm going to sneak one more in. You mentioned one of the assumptions in the guidance for this year was flat rail volumes. We've had all the rails report. Most of them have talked about expectations for volumes to take another leg down this year. If the volume outlook is worse than you think  let's just say rail volumes are down 5%, can you talk about the sensitivity in your model in that environment?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, the rail volumes have multiple impacts. The first impact is in the aftermarket business that we have. And generally, it's any impact that we have would be proportional to that metric, okay, or that change. But also, what happens when car-loadings come down, the demand for railcars and locomotives could decline. We probably have reflected that type of decline already. I think our estimate is probably aggressive on being flat, but that's how we see it. We read the same reports. We'll see what happens. I just wanted to make sure you knew. Keep in mind, when you develop these plans, doing the plans, I think we start in August, September timeframe, right, Pat? And things change as you go. And these are some of the assumptions that we have, and we want to be open about what those assumptions are.
Justin Long: Okay. Great. I'll leave it at that. Thanks for the time today.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Brooklier of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Matt S. Brooklier: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. The $4.30 to $4.50, the guide for 2016, does that assume incremental share repurchase activity? Or is that just a reflection in the share count that you gave the number? That's just a reflection of the $365 million that you bought back in fourth quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: There's no anticipated stock repurchase. That's the number that we ended the year with.
Matt S. Brooklier: Okay. Okay. Have you provided the PTC revenue breakout for fourth quarter per freight and the transit divisions?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it was 75% on freight, 15% on transit and roughly 10% on international.
Matt S. Brooklier: Okay. And did you guys talk to the total number in the quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: I believe Ray said it was about $400 million.
Raymond T. Betler: For the year.
Albert J. Neupaver: For the year.
Matt S. Brooklier: For the year? Okay, I can back...
Raymond T. Betler: I think it was like...
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it was $109, $108.
Matt S. Brooklier: Okay, I can  $109 million, okay. And just the commentary on the earnings progression as we move through 2016: I'm just trying to get a little bit more color on what that could potentially look like. If we look at first quarters historically, you have seen over the past at least four years, sequential growth in terms of earnings from 4Q into 1Q. So I'm trying to get a sense for if we see a similar  I guess if you expect for earnings in first quarter to look historically like they have over the past couple of years, i.e., do we think that you see a little bit of growth in 1Q? Or are we expecting things to be more flattish, and we kind of go from there? I'm just trying to get a better sense as to kind of the progression of earnings through 2016.
Raymond T. Betler: I really appreciate the question and what we don't do is we really don't give quarterly guidance because of fluctuations. However, directionally, there is a lot of headwinds. And I think some of the things that we said about the backlog and programs have been delayed and we'll kick in during the year. Maybe readjusting of how people allocate the capital related to PTC, I think directionally, we're telling you how we see it and we think that it will sequentially improve as the year goes on, and that's without providing exactly where we start from.
Matt S. Brooklier: Okay. And then just my last question; you talked about projects and I think this is more specific to transit; it may not be  but projects that have been delayed that are starting to ramp up, and then the expectations are for these projects to ramp up as the year progresses. Can you maybe talk to, kind of big picture, what some of those projects are and why we should think about things ramping as 2016 progresses, given we are seeing some cycle headwinds here? Thanks.
Raymond T. Betler: Okay, Matt. So in the past, we've talked about transit projects and explained it. It's relatively normal in the transit industry because of the paperwork process, approval process, commissioning process to  for these projects to be delayed. And so there's projects like our 179 (55:51) in New York, CTA, the BART projects, those are all huge projects in the transit industry. Every one of those projects is delayed relative to their original schedule. So, if you go back to the time when those projects were awarded to the car builders and look at what the commitment milestone dates were, some of those projects are up to two years delayed. And again, I want to emphasize, it's not a criticism on any car builder; it's not an unusual situation in the transit industry. Those projects are moving along, though. They're obviously not going away. They're going to be delivered and we have revenue streams associated with all of them. On the new project side, the CTA project, it's in process. It's associated with CTA 5000. There's another huge build or huge buy coming up, CTA 7000. That procurement has been delayed two years. So that's still going to go ahead. If you look at the bill that was just put out and approved by Congress in the transit area alone, they've allocated additional monies for 10 projects that are already under construction that need additional funding. Those are places like LA, San Francisco, Honolulu, Boston. But then, in addition, there's another 31 projects that the U.S. government has identified that have been asking for funding that hasn't been able to receive that are going to come. So, existing projects are  I would not be exaggerating to tell you every project we're involved with is delayed at car-builder delivery level. So that just, again, emphasizes it's not unusual. There's various levels of delay and there a lot of new projects coming.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Baudendistel of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mike J. Baudendistel: Thank you. Wanted to ask you because there is a theory out there that Class 1 rail CapEx is in a secular decline, and it looks like it's going to be down in 2016 at least from 2015. Is Class 1 rail CapEx a meaningful measure to look at for your business, or is it too broad in too many different areas that it's not terribly relevant?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think, Mike  I think the real important thing you said is that there are structural or secular changes that happen in the railroad. We're not going to  if you look at coal, it'll be declining. It's hard to tell what other structural changes we'll have related  crude by rail and some of the other things, the headwinds they're being faced with. Those kind of things, obviously, are a concern and could impact just how money is spent related to capital. However, I think the reduction of capital is appropriate due to the  not only the structural changes but the recessionary changes that we see, and we're not immune from being impacted by any change in capital. But I think whenever they do reduce their capital, I think prudently, they look at the prioritization of where they form that out. And the things that we're concentrated on are critical to safety, efficiencies, productivities. So, some of it could be more discretionary and have an impact. It is a meaningful thing for us to look at. So, we do follow it. And I think it has an impact long term and short term.
Mike J. Baudendistel: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then hoping you can comment on the portion of your revenue  I think 10% to 15% is outside of rail. Things like turbochargers. What's the outlook for those segments in 2016?
Albert J. Neupaver: We've seen most of those bottom out in 2015. I think a lot of them, we feel, have bottomed out. We've diversified that group which makes up like 15% of our total revenue. And in a couple of areas, Ray mentioned one, power generation, our product development gives us a nice opportunity late in the year or into 2017. But those are the things we're working on, broaden those offerings in those specialized areas of power generation, friction and thermal management. But we think they've kind of bottomed out. But that really depends on what happens to the economy. And that not only relates to that portion of our business, but it really relates to the rail portion. More so, the economy drives, as you know, it's the market driver for the freight rail. The transit rail is driven by public funding as well as ridership. And we think that'll be stable.
Mike J. Baudendistel: Great, that's helpful. Just wanted to ask you, also, the aftermarket revenue in North America, freight  I just want to make sure I'm interpreting this correctly. So you are assuming that's flat in the guidance, because you are expecting the rail traffic to be flat? And then related to that, do you ever get into a situation where if North American freight rail traffic is down 5%, that you could see customers defer maintenance on things, and then the aftermarket could be worse than proportional?
Albert J. Neupaver: Our experience has been proportional. There's always one-time items, but over the year  over the 10 years I've been involved in it, it's pretty proportional.
Mike J. Baudendistel: Great. Thanks very much.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Art W. Hatfield: Good morning, everyone. Hey, Al or Ray, when you say rail traffic is going to be flat, are you commenting on revenue ton-mile number or car-loading number?
Albert J. Neupaver: We're mostly looking at car loadings.
Art W. Hatfield: Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver: We don't actively look at ton-miles right now because of  I know with the decline in coal, the measure year-to-year has become less, I guess, applicable. So, we've been looking at car-loadings.
Art W. Hatfield: Okay, no, that's helpful. Quick question, maybe you gave this and I didn't hear it, but can you give us what the breakdown in 2015 was for NAFTA versus non-NAFTA sales?
Albert J. Neupaver: Sure. If you look at freight, international sales in freight in the fourth quarter was  32% of the total was international. For the year of 2015, it was 36% international. For transit, it was 65% in the fourth quarter and 66% for the year. So consolidated, the 45% for the fourth quarter and 47% for the year was international sales.
Art W. Hatfield: How do you  do you have an estimate on how you think that is going to change in 2016?
Albert J. Neupaver: We do, but the one thing that we have talked about, the Faiveley creates a total of...
Art W. Hatfield: Oh, yeah.
Albert J. Neupaver: ... that's a big change of it. So, if you look at Faiveley, I think when we gave the presentation, when we announced it, we're going to end up with more like that number would be more like 59% or 60% outside of the U.S.
Art W. Hatfield: And ex  but ex-Faiveley, do you expect that number to change meaningfully?
Albert J. Neupaver: We've actually been growing more rapidly in the international area.
Art W. Hatfield: All right. So that should go up this year?
Albert J. Neupaver: Right.
Art W. Hatfield: Okay. Real quick, back to PTC, a couple questions there. And I appreciate your clarifications today, and I hope you do kind of  I think there is a lot of misperception in the marketplace on what the opportunity is for you, so further communication is great. Quick on the transit side, are you concerned at all about funding or where funding  the timing of funding; if funding is going to be available for these  I know they have to hit these markers, but are you concerned at all about funding for transit PTC projects?
Albert J. Neupaver: No. And I think that, Ray, you might want to comment a little bit about the FAST...
Raymond T. Betler: No. Art, the offset, we feel a lot better about it today than we did previous to the FAST Act being enacted. So, this basically addresses the void that existed for all these transit authorities who were doing the planning, but couldn't go through the implementation.
Albert J. Neupaver: What we understand is there was a 10% increase in funding for year one. And the normal transit is about $10 billion. So, that's about $1 billion. And remember, I talked about $3.5 billion...
Art W. Hatfield: Right.
Albert J. Neupaver: ...and you know that the federal government isn't going to fund all of it.
Art W. Hatfield: Right, right. So going back to that real quick, in your comments on that, I think, Al, you alluded to the fact that PTC, it's really not as narrow as most people think it is; but it's broader in scope for you as you go forward in more the communications and signaling opportunities that may be out there for you. And I think at one moment, you may have thrown out a number about what that broader opportunity is, I think on an annualized basis? One, did you do that? And what was that number?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Again, in our estimate, we think that the entire global signaling market is about $22 billion a year.
Art W. Hatfield: Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver: That doesn't mean we play in that right now. We view that as a big pond that we'd like to play more in.
Art W. Hatfield: And I would  go ahead. I'm sorry.
Albert J. Neupaver: What I was saying, in very niche areas.
Art W. Hatfield: And I would assume that opportunity would be driven by acquisition strategy?
Albert J. Neupaver: Internal development and acquisition targets.
Art W. Hatfield: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you for the time this morning.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks.
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks, Art.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kristine Kubacki of Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Good morning, guys. Quick question, in terms of Faiveley, you talked a little bit about the timing and that. Through the process, have you  and I know you said in the past you didn't expect that, given the adjacencies of the business, any thoughts to  that you are going to have to do any divestitures or anything like that?
Albert J. Neupaver: We really can't comment on the process. We're right in the middle of both the European Commission as well as the DOJ processes. So, we really can't comment on that. It will become clear as we go forward.
Kristine Kubacki: Okay. And then just  a lot of my questions have been answered, but maybe, Ray, you talked a little bit about Asia. I was wondering if you could kind of talk a little bit about what's going on in China in terms of the infrastructure there, both on the freight and the transit side.
Raymond T. Betler: So, the freight is pretty stagnant. It's always been pretty stagnant, to be honest. It's not really a significant market in terms of rail overall. The transit market continues to be a good market. We continue to get a relatively steady, increasing the number of projects year-on-year. So, our business has grown, the overall investment in the market is relatively steady. It has not declined and the government on a regular basis injects stimulus money into the economy, focused on their transit projects. They have about 40 active projects in process in China, and so there's various opportunities for us across those projects. Additionally, the Chinese industry has become much more aggressive about coming into the international market and competing. We have scope on several projects in various continents in South America. They're obviously here now in North America. They are competing for this large job in Chicago. We already won the job with them in Boston, and they're planning to compete in Europe. So, their industry is  while their economy is in probably a recession, their transit and rail industry, transit in particular, is still pretty active and strong.
Kristine Kubacki: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you very much for the time, guys.
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a question on the transit market. The projects that have been delayed that you expect to realize later in the year, has that been due to funding delays or is it just a matter of being slower to be implemented than originally expected?
Raymond T. Betler: No. It's just performance-related issues, Jason. A lot of it is associated with approvals, software submittals, design reviews, first article inspections. So, the process is cumbersome and bureaucratic and it takes time. And often, it does not anticipate the iterations you have to go through in each of those cycles.
Albert J. Neupaver: And this is not abnormal. The only thing that's abnormal is the number at one time. Otherwise, we wouldn't even mention it. It's a normal process they go through. It's delay after delay. But right now, there is a kind of a backlog of these things that were worth discussing.
Jason A. Rodgers: Okay, that's good to know. Just two quick follow-ups, if you have the transit book-to-bill for the quarter as well as the shareholders' equity balance for the quarter.
Patrick D. Dugan: Okay. Shareholders' equity at the end of the year would be $1,701.339 million. And...
Raymond T. Betler: I got the transit book-to-bill, the 12 month was a little under 1, I think it was 0.94. And the total was 1.2.
Jason A. Rodgers: Thank you very much.
Raymond T. Betler: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Liam Burke of Wunderlich Securities. Please go ahead.
Liam D. Burke: Thank you. Ray, you talked about freight business outside of NAFTA, and you quoted a 30%-plus contribution. Is the split between OEM and aftermarket similar to North America? And are those  are you approaching those markets any differently than you would in North America?
Raymond T. Betler: I don't recall a discussion of contribution margin, but as far as the approach to the market, no, we're approaching the markets in a similar way. As a matter of fact, in freight, it's a little bit behind transit in this respect. But in freight, a lot of the car builders are now participating on an international basis. Greenbrier, for instance, won this big order in Saudi Arabia. We won the opportunity to supply to them. So, obviously, they're a big customer of ours in North America. So, we have relationships with some South, CTX (1:13:08) and other players. In addition, I mentioned the Chinese, they're coming out from the other direction from the East, and we're participating with them. And there's a nice mix of aftermarket business and OEM business on the international market.
Liam D. Burke: Okay, and then just quickly, reinvestment in the business is a big priority. You quoted a CapEx number. Is there any particular project or anything particular weighting in the capital expenditure this year that you're looking at vis--vis 2015?
Raymond T. Betler: No. We have a standard process that basically looks at ROI. There's a requirement from all business units to fill out this capital appropriations request, it's essentially a business plan that justifies the investment. And if they can exceed the hurdle rates that we give them, we'll make the investment.
Liam D. Burke: Great. Thank you, Ray.
Operator: Our next question will come from Willard Milby of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Willard P. Milby: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning, Willard.
Willard P. Milby: A lot of my questions have been answered. So, just to keep on the transit discussion, the projects slated for the second half, is that what's going to drive the potential for revenue growth this year? Is that where you see the  turning positive, I guess or what's driving the positive revenues?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah, that's exactly what we see is contributing to what we've talked about sequentially  seeing business change over the year. Exactly.
Willard P. Milby: All right. Okay. And just some housekeeping stuff I might have missed. Did you give an SG&A kind of number to think about for 2016?
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah. We typically give like a quarterly run rate and we think that the run rate  our fourth quarter had some costs related to supporting the transaction as they're working on it. So we're thinking we're around $88 million to $90 million a quarter. I think that's a pretty safe number to use in your model.
Willard P. Milby: Okay. And typically the fourth quarter is up versus the other remaining three, for whatever reason. Are we thinking, like, a lower Q1 to Q3, and then a bump up in Q4 for an average of about $88 million?
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah, is an average. I think you have to look our  we have a calendar year and we have like a 13-week quarter, so you end up with kind of extra days in the fourth quarter, you end up with  any given quarter you'll have discrete items that might come through. But I think that using those numbers as an average for the year would be a good jump-off point.
Willard P. Milby: All right, great. And last thing; I heard the locomotive and freight car delivery estimates, but did you say something on buses and transit cars for 2016?
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah. We said we expect transit cars to be up somewhere around 4% and buses, we  I think didn't mention it, but we expect it to be about flat.
Willard P. Milby: Okay. And what was the transit car for 2015? Just...
Raymond T. Betler: It was around 850, 900 transit vehicles, new built.
Willard P. Milby: All right. Great. Thanks for the time, guys.
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samuel Eisner of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Nick Stuart: Yeah. Hi, guys. This is actually Nick Stuart on for Sam. Thanks for taking my questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Hey, Nick.
Raymond T. Betler: Hey, Nick.
Patrick D. Dugan: Hey, Nick.
Nick Stuart: Just real quick, do you have maybe a more multi-year outlook for what rail car deliveries should do, given that historically we've seen sort of two to three-year declines in rail car deliveries in prior cycles?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think a lot of it will have to do with what the economy does and what that order rate is during 2016. We know that the backlog, I think it was $111 million or something like that, and you subtract the $60 million and there's backlog to really soften the downturn in the railcar build. But if the economy head south, I think that there could be a bigger impact in 2017 and 2018.
Nick Stuart: Got it, that's helpful. And then to your point on sort of the $88 million, $90 million run rate for SG&A, given that you are also suggesting flat to slightly up revenue, does that also imply EBIT should be basically flat to slightly up through 2016 as well?
Patrick D. Dugan: Well...
Albert J. Neupaver: In order to get the EPS growth that we have, we would obviously be able to improve our  there's got to be a margin improvement if we won't get the contribution from the volumes. So...
Patrick D. Dugan: Right.
Albert J. Neupaver: ... we would hope these cost reduction items start ramping up and kicking in as well.
Nick Stuart: Got it. Okay, that's also helpful. And last question, I think you said that PTC revenue for the quarter was about $400 million, which was better than the kind of...
Albert J. Neupaver: That was for the year.
Patrick D. Dugan: For the year.
Nick Stuart: For the year, for the year, I'm sorry. And then that was sort of better than the $350 million number that you had  the implied guidance for $350 million of PTC revenue that you quoted earlier in the year. What was the source of the maybe $50 million delta there?
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah. We can only speculate a little bit, but our feeling is that because of the pending deadline, which was the end of 2015, there might have been some spending that happened in that fourth quarter period that would've otherwise happened into the first quarter. And that's why we think they're going to regroup and take a real look at their programs now that the time has been extended through the end of 2018.
Nick Stuart: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. That's all for me.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning.
Steve Barger: Yeah, Al you talked about freight products in China, India, and Russia and I think you said even mining countries as offsets to North American freight. Just round numbers, how much revenue is emerging market freight? And is the margin profile similar to North America or would that be negative for mix?
Albert J. Neupaver: The freight portion internationally was, I think, 32% for the quarter...
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah.
Albert J. Neupaver: ...outside of the U.S. So, as far as margin, I think that it's comparable to what we get. I think if you really step back, I think we set the standards for technology globally in the freight markets.
Steve Barger: So, no real negative mix there?
Albert J. Neupaver: Right.
Steve Barger: So as you frame up PTC, the North American cycle, the positive offsets we just talked about, and the productivity initiatives, would you expect freight margin to be down in 2016 versus last year, and you will make it up on transit or corporate? Or can you be flat or up on freight?
Albert J. Neupaver: I'm going to let Ray answer that because the...
Raymond T. Betler: We've been pretty consistent in being able to significantly improve our margins in every one of our market sectors. So that is obviously the charge that we've given our group execs and our business units. And they have plans in place that they're accountable for that they are committed to deliver on. We manage those on a monthly basis and have confidence that we're going to do exactly what we've done in the past and that's continue to improve our margins year-on-year.
Steve Barger: Okay. And one last historical question; roughly speaking, you have driven 500 basis points of operating margin expansion since 2010. Can you say how that breaks down to into what you might call structural improvements, and how much of that was volume driven?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, we will not deny that we get the benefit of volume on the way up. And it really  something that we focus on eliminating on the way down. When you look at the margin improvement and you consider the FX, I don't think we've really broken that out, but I'm quick to say that volume hikes works and we really have to focus on that, especially as  those businesses where volume is coming down. And those have to be structural or you won't get the results.
Steve Barger: Right. So, fair to say that that's where you will focus the accelerating cost out and efficiency initiatives? Is that  I mean, on the freight side, specifically?
Albert J. Neupaver: That's exactly right, Steve. I mean, you have to change your structure on the way down. If you don't, you're going to  you'll go down at a much larger contribution margin than you went up.
Steve Barger: And I know you guys work on this all the time, but have you already identified what you're going to be doing over the next couple of quarters to offset that  those decrementals from volume?
Albert J. Neupaver: One thing that I'll share with you that Ray and his team presented to our board, contingency plans, some of which have started to be implemented late last year. Others are going to be implemented as our assumptions either prove right or wrong. I think that Ray left the board with a lot of confidence that they're ready to take the right actions that are needed to manage through any kind of challenge that we're faced with. We all have to admit that there's tremendous uncertainty. As we look forward, only thing we want to do is draw a line and say here's what our assumptions were. Whether they're right or wrong, we don't know. But we're ready to react to them.
Steve Barger: Very good. Thanks for the time, gentlemen.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks.
Patrick D. Dugan: So, the answer is yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Well, we really want to thank you for your participation and look forward to talking to you at the end of the first quarter or sooner.
Patrick D. Dugan: Thanks, everybody.
Raymond T. Betler: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Release. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley. Please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thanks, Amy. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our 2015 third quarter earnings call. As usual in the room here with me we have Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman; Ray Betler, our President and CEO; our CFO, Pat Dugan; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. We will make our prepared remarks as always and then we will be happy to take your questions. Certainly, during the call, we will make forward-looking statements. So, please review our press release today for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. We had a solid operating performance in the third quarter with sales of $810 million and earnings of $1.02 per diluted share, our second highest EPS number ever. With our operating margins, it continued to expand nicely and was at a record 18.8%. And we achieved these results despite a global economy that remains sluggish. So, the business is performing well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. Although we share some of the short-term concerns of our customers in the U.S. and abroad, we continue to be optimistic and excited about the long-term opportunities in our key freight and transit rail markets. These markets are large and global and they will continue to grow over time. As they do, we are well-positioned to benefit from that. Today, we also affirmed our 2015 earnings guidance with the full year earnings per diluted share expected to be at $4.10. This is based on sales growth of about 9% for the year. This guidance implies that we expect a stronger fourth quarter despite some uncertainty in the marketplace. The guidance assumes the following: slow growth in the global economy taking into account current conditions in all of our key markets; it assumes no disruptions in the U.S. rail industry as Congress considers an extension for the PTC deadline; it assumes top line growth will come from our freight group with about half of its growth coming from organic initiatives, our transit group results will continue to be affected by headwinds from foreign exchange rates and some project delays. We assume no changes in foreign exchange rates from the current levels. As well, we assume a tax rate of about 32% for the year, slightly higher than we expected due to a greater percentage of our sales coming in the U.S. which has its higher tax rate than some of our international locations. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost. We will be totally focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond if market conditions change. I thought I would start out by giving a little update on our acquisition process of Faiveley Transport. As we recently announced, we have now signed a definitive agreement to acquire from the members of the Faiveley family, about 51% of Faiveley Transport. Faiveley Transport is a leading global provider of value-added integrated systems and services in the railway industry with annual sales of about $1.2 billion. We have also entered into a definitive tender offer agreement with Faiveley Transport and a definitive shareholders agreement with the majority shareholders. Closing of the transactions is subject to various customary conditions, including the completion of the remaining regulatory requirements. Timing of these completions still cannot be predicted. Under the agreement, Wabtec plans to purchase the family shares for 100 per share. Its payable 25% in cash, 75% in Wabtec preferred stock, which converts automatically after three years into a total about $6.5 million Wabtec common shares. Upon completing the family share purchase, we will begin a tender offer for the remaining publicly traded Faiveley shares. The public shareholders will have the option to elect to receive 100 per share in cash and Wabtec preferred stock with the preferred stock capped at 75% of the consideration. The total purchase price is about $1.8 billion, including assumed debt. We plan to fund the cash portion with cash on hand, existing credit facilities and potentially, other debt financing. This opportunity without a doubt is probably has the most compelling strategic rationale of any acquisition that we have ever made. We will be recombining the original WABCO well divisions to create one of the worlds largest public well equipment companies with total revenues of about $4.5 billion in a worldwide freight rail and passenger transit industry. The combined companies offer complementary geographies with minimal overlap. It offers diversified end-market offerings. Its an extension of product and service capabilities of each company. We should see enhanced technology and innovation and initiative opportunities, an expanded relationship with blue-chip and global customers. In addition, we have significant synergies to help drive this growth. We expect the long-term annual synergies of at least 40 million to be achieved through supply chain efficiencies, operational efficiencies and cost savings, and leveraging the SG&A capabilities. Highly complementary geographic presence products and engineering services and activities do exist. Our combined global scale in freight and transit rail equipment market will help drive operational excellence. These synergies will improve our ability to offer safety, productivity and efficiency enhancements to the global rail markets. So, we are very excited about the future growth opportunities provided by this acquisition and we are working through the process to get it completed. In the meantime, we remain totally focused on running our business. Right now, we will cover a little bit about our current markets and our growth strategies. Ray?
Ray Betler: Thanks, Tim. I would like to start with some general comments about the global economy. As Al stated, we think sluggish is a good way to describe it as lower commodity prices are having an effect on a number of transportation and industrial markets. The massive rail industry is seeing lower rail volumes due in part to reduce shipments of coal and other commodities, such as metals, minerals and oil. As Chinas growth has slowed in recent years that has led to reduced demand for natural resources in places like Brazil and Australia. In energy, low oil prices have reduced the number of drilling rigs in the U.S. In this environment, Wabtec has still managed to perform well because of our diversified business model and because we remain focused on what we can control, which is an aggressive pursuit of our growth strategies and our continuous focus on cost improvement initiatives. Lets focus on freight rail for a minute. In NAFTA, freight rail traffic is down almost 1% this year, thats an increase of 3% in intermodal has been offset by 4% decrease in general merchandise and car loadings. Of the 10 commodity groups reported by the railroads, half are actually higher than a year ago, but coal was the largest and its down about 9%. Earlier this year, traffic was basically flat, which means third quarter volumes were down for most of our customers. Despite lower traffic OEM rolling stock deliveries in 2015 will be above the long-term averages with about 1,300 locomotives and 75,000 freight cars to be delivered this year. The freight car backlog has come down in recent quarters, but it is more diversified than in recent years, which is a positive effect. Third quarter deliveries were about 20,000 cars, while orders were about 7,000 cars. So the current backlog is about 123,000, which extends into the first half of 2017 at the current delivery rates. That is also positive. Meanwhile, freight traffic in some of our global markets is mix, the decreases in the UK, Germany and Russia exists but in South Africa, Transnet has reported an increase. So we are focused on increasing our global footprint and our product offerings beyond just as traditional aftermarket. Remember that about 75% of the installed base of locomotives and freight cars exist outside of NAFTA. In the transit markets, stability remains the same both in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S. and Canada, ridership is basically flat in the most recent quarter reported. The UK and Germany saw increases. This year, we are expecting the North America transit car deliveries to be higher than last year and bus deliveries to be about the same. Transit funding in the U.S. is also stable at about $11 billion, slightly higher than last year. And as I am sure you realized there is long-term bills that are being considered even as temporary funding bills are set to expire and wont be extended. So its a difficult opportunity for the people that are relying on this funding and for us to predict what the eventual outcome will be. Of course, we have been in this situation before and the funding always seems to get approved. Reported revenues in our transit business this year are down about 5%, but if you exclude the effects of FX, they are actually up about 4%. So our transit backlog is growing which bodes well for our future. Our multi-year transit backlog is at a record high and our 12-month backlog increased for the first time since last year. Our book to bill ratio in the third quarter is at 1.12%, another positive indicator. Among orders that we booked, the PRASA order in South Africa is valued at about $160 million, MBTA at about $70 million in Boston and San Francisco Muni at about $50 million. And remember, just as in the freight market we are focused on the global growth and increasing our product offerings internationally because the international markets are larger than NAFTA. We estimate that the global installed base of transit cars is about 330,000 and about 95% of that fleet is outside of NAFTA. We continue to focus on growth and cash generation. In this quarter, we generated $144 million of cash flow from operations. And for the first nine months, we generated about $255 million which gives us ample capacity for investment. Our priorities throughout getting free cash have not changed. The first is to fund internal growth programs including product development and CapEx, followed by acquisitions, followed by returning money to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. In May, we announced the dividend increase for the fifth consecutive year and during the third quarter we bought back 237,000 shares for about $22 million. That still leaves $151 million left on our $200 million buyback authorization. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing costs, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. Our corporate growth strategies and our focus remain the same, to grow globally in our served markets, to expand our aftermarket and services sector, to expand through new product development innovation and new technologies, and to expand through acquisitions. So lets talk about some progress in each of these areas. Growth strategies, on the global market expansion front in the quarter, sales outside of the U.S. were $372 million. Thats nearly half of our total sales versus about one-third 5 years ago. As in recent quarters, some markets such as Brazil and Australia remain challenging due to lower commodity prices, but we continue to win orders around the world. In China, brake equipment for freight and transit in a conductive rail system through our Fandstan business has been one. Our JV in India through Texmaco, the countrys largest freight car manufacturer also won orders for draft gears and we won orders in Brazil to extend our services agreement which is a 5-year contract extension for MRS for our back shop operations. On the aftermarket expansion side, our overall aftermarket sales were $466 million. That represents 60% of our total sales. We won orders for traction motor overhauls in the UK, for locomotive overhauls in the U.S. and for digital video cameras for commuter railroads. In the new product areas, we have many ongoing internal development activities. Positives train control has been one of the several growth drivers in Wabtec. PTC related sales came in at about $95 million this quarter. So we are on track to increase about 20% for the full year, depending on the pace of orders from railroads and transit authorities in Q4. As you all know, the PTC deadline is just a couple of months away and the industry has been saying it cannot meet the deadline. Congress is discussing an extension with the railroads have talked about curtailing operations later this year, so they do not violate the law. As we have always said, we will support our customers in their expectations. We will follow closely the activities in the industry and address our activities appropriately. ECP is another new product in the headlines and as you know the FRA has announced new rules associated with tank cars that includes ECP. The rule is currently being appealed, so we will have to wait and see how that all plays out. The appeals probably will not be finished until the 2017 timeframe. Oil-free compressors, we continue to have good field test results with our new oil-free compressors, both on the transit side as well as on the freight side. And we have received orders in both market sectors. Tier 4 cooling systems, our investment in this technology demonstrates our ability to address the environment as well as productivity and efficiency improvement requirements and opportunities for our customers. On the acquisition side, we have a very strong and active pipeline. We are pleased with the opportunities that we are reviewing. Thats on top of the Faiveley discussion. Al talked about our planned acquisition of Faiveley. I would like to say a few words about Track IQ, another acquisition that we closed this week. A manufacturer of wayside center systems in the global rail industry, Track IQ has sales of about $15 million. Its customers include Class 1s in the U.S. and throughout Europe and Australia. Track IQs products use acoustic sensors on the track infrastructure to monitor and measure operating conditions of bearings and wheels on freight and passenger rail vehicles. The product provides data used to improve preventive maintenance and safety performance. The companys systems have been installed in more than 150 locations around the world. With its core sensor technology, Track IQ expands our capability into an important segment of the wayside market. We see opportunities that the rate the companys sensors into Wabtecs existing train control signaling and electronic product offerings. In addition, we can leverage Track IQs technology and expertise as we develop enhancements and additional features in our train control product areas and we can utilize our worldwide sales and marketing network to expand Track IQs presence throughout the world. And with that, Pat, I would like to pass it over to you to address the financial details of the third quarter.
Pat Dugan: Okay. Thanks, Ray. Good morning, everybody. Sales for the third quarter were about $810 million, about 2% higher than last years quarter. This also  this includes a negative comparative impact for that quarter of about $39 million or about 5% from changes in foreign exchange rates. Excluding this FX impact, about three-fourths of the remaining increase was from acquisitions. Looking at our segments, freight sales increased 12%. When you exclude FX again, it would have been about 14% increase. That growth was from increases in freight car components we supply to our customers, locomotive rebuilds and also from acquisitions. The transit segment sales declined about 12% as the negative effects of changes in FX freights more than offset any growth. Excluding FX, transit sales would have been down about 5%. For 2015, revenues will increase in our freight segment, while transit will be down mostly due to FX. When you look at our operating income for the quarter, it was $152 million, or 18.8% of sales, which is a record. In 2014, our third quarter operating margin was 17.1%. So, we have continued to find ways to improve our operating margin. SG&A for the quarter was about $82 million, or about $6 million lower than a year ago quarter and this was due to three factors: changes in FX, again, which lowered our expenses as we consolidated the results from our foreign units; internal cost control and initiatives, we reduced our cost overall, especially in our acquisitions; and lower cost from benefits and compensation. The fourth quarter number, when you look at our run-rate going forward, be somewhere between $85 million and $87 million. Interest expense was $4.4 million for the quarter, slightly less than a year ago. Other expense and income, you will note that we had an expense of $2.9 million in the quarter, mainly from non-cash foreign currency translation losses. So, when you combine the figure that figure, the $2.9 million in the quarter with the negative effects of FX on our consolidated pre-tax income, its about $7.7 million or about $0.05 per diluted share. For the most part, we have nat projects against currency fluctuations by selling and producing in local markets and to the extent we do have an exposure, we will enter into forward hedges. I also want to comment on the effect of FX on our guidance. We have an exposure due to the consolidation of our results and todays guidance does taking into account FX rates at current levels. Further changes could affect our 2015 results. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.5% versus 31.3% in the year ago quarter, slightly higher mainly due to a greater mix of profits in the United States versus our international locations, some of which have lower tax rates. We expect the annual rate to be about 32% this year. Remember, thats an annual forecast and quarters will vary due to timing of any discrete items. When you look at our balance sheet, it remains strong providing the financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We had investment grade credit rating and our goal is to continue to maintain it. Looking at working capital at September 30, trade and unbilled receivables were about $625 million, inventories were about $518 million, and accounts payable were about $319 million. The unbilled receivables are related to long-term contracts, where we need to hit certain project milestones before we are able to bill for the work. Unbilled receivables ended the quarter at $151 million compared to $174 million at the end of Q2. I will just point out and remind everybody that those are offset by customer deposits which stood at $107 million at the end of the quarter. Cash on hand at September 30 was about $208 million, mostly held outside the United States. It was $265 million at June 30. Just a quick note, our balance sheet  that balance at $208 million does not include about $210 million in cash we are currently holding in escrow related to the Faiveley transaction and that will be reflected on our balance sheet as an other current assets. Debt at June 30, 451 compared  I am sorry, September 30, was $451 million compared to $400 million at June 30. Cash from operations, we generated $144 million which brings us up to $255 million for the first nine months and we view that as a solid performance. Just a couple of miscellaneous items that everybody asks about, depreciation for the quarter at $11 million compared to $10.3 million in the last years quarter; amortization, $5.5 million compared to $6.7 million in last years quarter; and CapEx was $12.2 million versus $12.4 million last year. For the year, our capital expenditures we expect to be up between $45 million and $50 million. Looking at our backlog at September 30, our multi-year backlog was $2.2 billion, slightly lower than the end of the second quarter. Transit was a record $1.4 billion and freight was about $773 million. Changes in FX rates reduced the backlog by about $100 million. Rolling 12 months backlog which is a subset of the multiyear backlog was at $1.3 billion compared to about $1.4 billion in the second quarter. Transit was $641 million and freight was about $658 million. This was the first sequential increase in the transit backlog since the end of last year. So, thats a positive sign. Total backlog figures do not include about $225 million of pending orders and contract options that are not counted in the backlog until our customers exercise those options. So, with that, I will turn it over back to Al for summary comments.
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Pat. Thanks, Ray. Once again, we had a good performance in the third quarter. As we look at the rest of the year, we do see ongoing challenges in the global markets, but based on our third quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the year, we affirm our EPS guidance of about $4.10 on revenue growth of about 9%. We are pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see. We continue to benefit from our strong team of employees and management, a diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. With that, we will be happy to answer questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Group at Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, guys. Thanks. Good morning.
Ray Betler: Good morning.
Pat Dugan: Good morning.
Scott Group: So obviously, there is some concern out there with the stock and I am not sure how much you guys are willing to talk about next year yet, but can you help us think about how to frame like the organic growth rate on the freight side for next year given kind of some of the comments on the backlog and just in general, what we are seeing with from the rails from a CapEx standpoint? So, yes, any color on kind of organic growth in freight for next year? And then yes, I guess, thats the first question.
Al Neupaver: Okay, Scott, let me kind of take this. Obviously, we cant comment on 2016, because we will do that early next year, but I think what we can comment further on as what Ray presented, market conditions. I think if we group market conditions in two areas, one headwinds, the other one, tailwinds, obviously, and we stated this last quarter and I think its obvious from the railcar order intake that the railcar build is probably peaked. And how it will play out, I think is  I dont think that the past is necessarily a good indicator here. I think we are in a little different situation. Whats caused the peak to happen and the condition of the economy right now, I think that in past times, most of the low points in the car build was driven by the economy. Our economy seems strong. You look at the car loadings, with more than half of their categories up and coal being the negative drag. You also have the place of oil that impacts that. So if you look forward from a car build  railcar build standpoint, I think that there is some concern, but I am not sure that there is a cliff that its going to fall off like its done in past cycles. So I wouldnt say we are optimistic about car build, but I think that its something that we have to watch and be ready to react as we see it playing out. I have seen estimates all over the place and what 16 would look like, but right now its a little early for us to give that number, but if you look at other headwinds and in the freight market, I think that one other things we had was we actually had a reduction in the locomotive build from 14 to 15. We think that there maybe some continued reduction only because of the Tier 4 locomotives that were purchased at least on order maybe not delivered. But we dont see a drastic change in the freight locomotive areas, especially in North America. And globally, we think there is major opportunities in the locomotive freight area. So I think that from a freight standpoint, we see those concerns. What are some of the tailwinds in freight? Well, obviously it has a lot to do with us, what our growth strategies are. If you look at our growth strategies, number one is the strategy is to further extend our business. And as we do, although some of those freight marks especially in the mining countries have been impacted by the demand out of China. We still grow our market share and have opportunity to new countries. So thats a positive. The other positive here is our technology. Products that we have, Ray talked about PTC and our revenue in that particular area. And we expect that to continue to grow as we go forward. ECP really hasnt impacted the resolution of that mandate still creates an opportunity if the appeal is not one. You look at our opportunity on some of the other technology related to things that Ray mentioned, the Tier 4 locomotives technology as well. We have expanded our aftermarket offerings in freight in the locomotive services area. So I cant say that the future is grayed out there. There are some headwinds, but I think our by executing our strategies as we have in the past, I think that we are pretty excited about the future. As a matter of fact, I wont comment about all the markets, but Ray and his team just presented the Board, their strategic plans for the next 5 years. And I must tell you, we are more excited about the next 5 years than we were about the last 5. We have tremendous opportunities for growth on the long-term and thats what we focus on. That was a long-winded question Scott, but we are pretty excited about the future.
Scott Group: Okay, thats helpful. So if we get a 3-year delay to PTC like it  it seems like eventually we will get, would you think that PTC sales are up, down, flat next year versus this year?
Al Neupaver: Again, we cant give 2016 guidance, but what we can do is provide a little bit of color. Only part of our PTC revenue is related to onboard computers. And I think that we have shared in the past and I dont think the percentage of locomotives that are completed is anything new, but I think its like 39% are PTC ready right now out of 20,000. But our revenues come from more than just the onboard and thats typically what would be impacted. At the same time, when we talk about how we feel this is a business opportunity around technology for the railroads, how do we create enhancement to capabilities, the aftermarket, the service portion of the business creates an opportunity for us. We have global opportunities and global projects that we are working on. The transit authorities, probably only about a third, the authorities are really in the revenue area for us right now. We still have to work with each of those. We have expanded our offerings by doing more on the construction and maintenance awaiting area for PTC. So its a delay. Would it slow down, I dont know. The railroads have  I think have worked intensely and extremely hard to get this thing done by the deadline. And they will continue to work hard to complete it, but if its extended 1 year, 2 years, 3 years and we obviously have to support that effort. As Ray said, we are ready to support it and anything that we can do to help them meet this deadline, next deadline or whatever it is, we are ready to do that.
Scott Group: Okay, great. And just one last quick question if I can, can you give us any kind of car and when you think your through the process of closing Faiveley and any just views on as we think about those synergies if those are front end loaded, back end loaded and if there is accounting issues that keep us from seeing much of that accretion next year?
Al Neupaver: Okay. Again, we cant give you the exact timing. As I stated, we are in the process. We have got the first two stages done. And the definitive agreement signing is a major step forward. Whats basically left is going through the regulatory requirements that we have. We still are working with the European regulators, as well as the Department of Justice. Those activities, we will know more in probably another month or so. We are working very hard to complete it. We do not anticipate any issue whatsoever. However, we cant give you or provide you with an exact timing, because we have no control over it. As far as the opportunity, as I stated in my remarks, we think its at acquisition at the end of the day, it just makes ultimate sense. You are combining two companies that used to exist to complement each other in almost any aspect. And the opportunities that we have stated thus far at EUR40 million, those are opportunities we  if we didnt think we can get them readily, we wouldnt state that number.
Scott Group: Okay. Thank you for the time guys. I appreciate it.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Justin Long with Stephens.
Justin Long: Thanks and good morning. I wanted to start with a bigger picture question. The performance of your business was very impressive during the last recession. You had a minimal step down in margins and earnings. As we process all of the uncertainty that we are hearing about in the global industrial economy, do you think the business is just as defensive today as it was in 2008 and 2009 or with this big step up we have seen in margins from a pickup in North America, PTC, etcetera, do you think Wabtecs performance would be more volatile during the next recession?
Al Neupaver: Yes. I could honestly say, I feel that we are in better position today than we were going into 2009. The diversity of the company, the capabilities, the processors that have been put in place, I really feel that the company is better prepared if there was a recessionary period that we would be faced with.
Ray Betler: And the other thing is, Justin our backlog is at our record high. So its not like we dont have business. We have good opportunities outside pretty diverse product mix, much more than we had back then. And certainly, our focus on cost containment and process improvement has  is very disciplined and its very intense.
Al Neupaver: One of the things I think worth stating, if you look at the  keep in mind, we only give annual guidance. And our third quarter is typically our weakest quarter and the fourth quarter is usually our best quarter. And when Ray made the comment about record backlog, one other things that in the quarter that we saw was there was a lot of delays on transit projects that we just dont have a control over. You know these are usually large projects that sometimes gets extended and thats why we talk about the lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter. So, I just want to make that point that there is we cant say all those delays wont extend into next year, but we do know that there is project delays on projects that will happen and occur, they are just delayed at this point and part of our backlog.
Justin Long: Okay, thats all very helpful. Going back to what you said on the potential for North American railcar and locomotive builds to be down next year, which certainly seems to be the consensus view. If we think about the business pro forma for Faiveley, what percentage of your consolidated revenue is tied to railcar and locomotive OEM business in North America specifically?
Al Neupaver: Yes, its basically insignificant. No more than I think $40 million, $50 million total is associated with railcar.
Justin Long: $40 million to $50 million for railcar. And what about locomotive OEM business?
Al Neupaver: Basically, I dont think they have much at all.
Justin Long: Okay, thats helpful. And then maybe to build on that last question...
Al Neupaver: The question  I want to make sure I understood the question. That was Faiveleys total business in North America freight. Is that right?
Justin Long: It was actually on a pro forma basis for the Faiveley acquisition. What that percentage or did that exposure to North American OE and freight would be?
Al Neupaver: You can take ours incrementally. What I was giving you in the incremental which is insignificant.
Justin Long: Okay. And then, so I guess, on a pro forma basis, what would those numbers be if you were to add in your existing exposure today?
Al Neupaver: On the railcar, we talked about the OEM portion which is normally impacted by this is less than 10% and it really would not move the needle in that area. And I think its probably about the same on locomotives.
Pat Dugan: Yes. So pro forma would be less than 10%.
Al Neupaver: Right.
Justin Long: Okay, thats helpful. And then last question just to build on that, if we do see a step down in North American railcar and locomotive deliveries next year, do you think that presents risk to the aftermarket business or should we be looking more at rail volumes next year as we think about?
Al Neupaver: I think its directly correlated to rail volume, the aftermarket. And we tracked that through the last downturn almost proportionally.
Justin Long: Okay, perfect. I appreciate the time. I will leave it at that. Thanks, guys.
Al Neupaver: Hey, thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Brooklier at Longbow Research.
Matt Brooklier: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just kind of a follow on to Justins question, you talked about your exposure to North American freight railcars and also the locomotive component. Are there any other kind of North American freight-centric revenue buckets that we should be thinking about as if the market is getting a little bit softer here?
Al Neupaver: I think the only thing we would say is remember, we do have business thats related to energy and oil. So, 15% of our business is outside of rail and I think its less than 5% of that is associated with energy and oil. So, I think thats another one of those headlines. Since the question was directed toward the freight car, thats why I didnt include that, but that would be the other headwind and actually to expand on that, we mentioned China, we mentioned energy and oil, but FX which it exists, but its a translation issue that will disappear end of the first quarter when we look at it quarter-to-quarter comparison, because everything fell early last year.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. Just to confirm, the energy in rail businesses you are talking about are centric to North America, but those are non-rail businesses, correct?
Al Neupaver: Yes.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then in terms of the guidance, the 9% for revenue, which I think step down from 10%. I am just trying to get a feel for how much of that is kind of your current operating outlook. And again, the market maybe decelerating a little bit here and how much of that was potentially due to the change in your FX expectations?
Al Neupaver: FX in the fourth quarter is estimated at  its $35 million, which it will be over $150 million for the year. And we are not using  FX is a fact of life. Its also a fact of life, if you really adjust for it. The performance of Wabtec in these last 12 months, even in the quarter when you adjust for it, its one heck of a performance to overcome that kind of headwind in the performance. So, you take it away and you look at all of Wabtec in a year like this and we are talking about growth of over 17% in revenue when you adjust for FX. And thats a volume increase. And I think the reason why we mentioned it is thats the real number at the end of the day. It was one heck of a performance.
Matt Brooklier: Yes, okay. And I think that $150 million is above your prior expectations, you had like a 145ish number. So, I guess some of the guide arguably impacted by your FX outlook here. Do you have the $85 million in PTC rev for the quarter? Do you have the breakout between freight and transit?
Al Neupaver: Yes, freight was almost 75% of it and just a little bit internationally, because we are winding down on the MRS project right now.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And just my final question, you talked the ECP potential tailwind, but it sounds like its going to be a ways until we get kind of a decision on the appeals process here. I am just curious as to how the market is positioning itself. I think its slightly more expensive to build two sets of breaks versus potentially leaving some wiggle room if ECP is included in the final rule. So, just curious to hear how the market is positioning itself into the potential for ECP to be part of this tanker rule?
Ray Betler: So, Matt, the ECP in terms of cost, we have said its about $4,000 to $6,000 a car if ECP were included. So, its relatively small part of the incremental cost to comply with the regulation thats been passed. So, there has been reports that have been published, studies that have been published in the market that it drafts all the recommendations, the safety enhancements. And as you know, there has been court cases filed and thats the reason for the delay in processing the ECP and freight and tank car regulations. So, we basically are in a position to support implementation of the ECP technology. We have ECP technology applied around the world, but its going to depend on how these court cases ultimately are resolved and that process takes a long time as you know.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. I guess what I am trying to figure out is new rail cars that are coming out currently, is the customer leaving some room for the ability to add an overlay system later on down the road?
Ray Betler: Yes, we certainly have the capability to do that in the freight car builder is so sensitive to that. So, they have provisioned for that, but they are not running ECP for their....
Al Neupaver: We are making the vehicles ECP ready.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, very good. I appreciate the time.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak at Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Allison. On the EBIT level performance, obviously fairly strong in the face of headwinds, could you help us walk through the components of that? Was that mainly of productivity or was there some sort of mix issue that help this quarter there?
Ray Betler: Yes, there is a whole host of reasons for that, Allison. Productivity is one, mix in terms of aftermarket business mix in terms of freight business. All those benefited to allow a strong quarter in the EBIT area.
Al Neupaver: But continued focus, all of our cost initiatives, the lean manufacturing, again we start ratcheting up on all of our approaches related to sourcing, cost of poor quality, lean application. Those are things that are discontinuous. And how many times we have been asked, whats your goal? Our goal is to continuously improve and that improvement I think we stay totally focused on. And those are parts of why you see the number where its at. But we also have to be realistic and honest with you that when you start doing more freight and transit, the mix was favorable for us. And we have a better margin in North America than we do internationally and those  both of those trends helped.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thats helpful. And then just a question on the freight backlog, the 12-month backlog, I know it can be lumpy and maybe now a bit of a backlog business. But there was a noticeable step down sequentially. Can you talk to about a little bit, help us understand that?
Ray Betler: Well, I think as far as freight car build  the orders have started to reduce pretty significantly. 7,000 were ordered this last quarter, so you are still seeing a reduction in the backlog associated with the reduction in new orders. Allison, we would hit those 123,000 right now in the backlog, it was around 142,000. And thats probably going to continue, but there is enough backlog to take you out into 2017. And while we wont give that number until we give guidance in 2016, we still think its going to be pretty substantial. As Al said, we dont anticipate a dramatic reduction in new freight car builds next year.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then Al just to your comments about the transit project delays, these are just your normal type of delays that you would see in this, not anything in terms of indicative of a larger issue, correct?
Al Neupaver: Yes. Ray you wanted to say
Ray Betler: Its pretty normal on the transit side for big vehicle projects to be delayed. And whereas some suppliers  our schedule is pretty much dictated and controlled by the car builders. So basically, this is fortunately or unfortunately not an unusual occurrence in the transit industry. So we have several large projects that we are implementing right now. And most of those projects are experiencing some degree of delay. For that matter, we have several pretty significant orders that we bid on that have also been delayed in the market. So, some of those were as much as 2 years. So there is plenty of business out there. There is plenty of new business opportunities out there. But both parts of that market have seen delays.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks guys.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Albrecht at BB&T.
Tom Albrecht: Hi guys.
Al Neupaver: Hi Tom.
Ray Betler: Hi Tom.
Tom Albrecht: Let me just clarify one or two things and then ask others. Did you say the FX negative impact for the full year is now 150, up from 145, I think I heard that?
Al Neupaver: Thats correct. Its actually a little higher than with the estimate in the fourth quarter.
Tom Albrecht: Whats the estimate in the fourth quarter, because a year ago, the drag was $14 million in Q4?
Al Neupaver: Yes. $35 million, I think.
Tom Albrecht: Okay. And then, there has been some good discussion about a lot of the things we are all thinking about, but I was just kind of wondering big picture when you look around the world outside of North America, what are two or three of your weakest markets and maybe two or three of your strongest markets whether that would be freight, I guess more likely than transit, but if you could just kind of comment on weakness and strength in some of those international markets?
Al Neupaver: If you  go ahead.
Ray Betler: I think, Tom, a couple of weaker markets, Australia right now is very weak. And Brazil has come down. Brazil and Australia are impacted by China. Thats really the biggest issue for them, mining and commodities and things like that. The strong markets are frankly in this transit side. There is still a lot of transit business around the world. We told you that we have this pretty significant order in South Africa and there is a lot of business you will be in  left over in Europe. Its always a big market. North America is obviously a strong market. Its not falling apart over here, its gone down. But its still a very strong market in North America.
Tom Albrecht: Okay. And then, I want to make sure, I guess Al, when you were talking about your exposure to U.S. locomotives and rail cars especially, that was less than 10% before the pro forma with Faiveley, right, I want to think thats what I heard...?
Al Neupaver: Yes. Thats correct. Thats correct.
Tom Albrecht: Right. And what kind of momentum are you having in China because you are relatively small. The annual numbers you gave showed some pretty good growth in China last year, but China is slowing down and seems to be a cause for a lot of angst right now, what sort of year have you had with revenue growth in China?
Al Neupaver: China is an interesting market, Tom. We could spend a lot of time talking about China. China high-speed rail is down. Their market is probably in a recession of sorts for them. We have picked up our business in braking [ph] transit business and what the Fandstan acquisition we have picked up a fairly substantial amount of business. So we have an operation in Hong Kong, one in Tianjian associated with Fandstan. Both of our businesses are performing above expectations. So its a mixed in China. On the freight side, there is no new car builds, zero. And they hasnt been for 2 years. So its a very mixed market. But again, because of our diversification and our product mix over there, we are able to at least maintain reasonably strong balance.
Tom Albrecht: Okay. And then, the last question, I think in the last quarter or two quarters, you described that about two-thirds of the FX hit was flowing through transit. I dont know if you gave a number for this latest quarter. It sounds almost like it might be even greater than the two-thirds impact hitting transit?
Al Neupaver: In the quarter, its 25 out of 39.
Tom Albrecht: Okay, thats helpful.
Al Neupaver: Well, I am not quick enough to tell you what looks like.
Tom Albrecht: A little over 60%. Okay. Thank you very much guys.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Rodgers at Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rodgers: Hello guys. Looking at transit again, would you anticipate the fourth quarter performance on an organic basis to be similar as the third quarter?
Al Neupaver: I think we are going to have a good fourth quarter Jason, because some of these delays and again, this is fairly typical in the transit market. Some of these delays are basically month-to-month. So we will be able to deliver our product and recognize revenue for some other things that should have been able to be recognized in Q3. And we have a very strong aftermarket position in transit that is always better in Q4 than Q3. Q3 in general is a slow month for everyone.
Jason Rodgers: Thats encouraging. And then looking at the Faiveley acquisition, you talked about EUR40 million savings by year three. What would be the  what would be the estimated savings in the first year after the closing?
Pat Dugan: We dont have that really detailed yet. But as I said earlier that if these are  if we didnt think we could readily get these kind of synergies, we sure wouldnt put it out on paper.
Ray Betler: We are going to work to make it as close to the 40 as possible though, I can tell you that.
Jason Rodgers: All you are saying is almost 40 in the first year?
Ray Betler: I am saying we are going to work towards it.
Al Neupaver: Thats obviously what we are going to work toward. We are not allowed to sit down and have detailed discussions with the Faiveley folks until we get through this antitrust. So, we dont have those kind of detailed plans available yet. We can develop them when we sit down with the executive team in Faiveley, we will be able to do that fairly quickly as soon as we are given the go ahead.
Ray Betler: The one thing you might explain as an example of what we cant do is talk about Fandstan opportunity and what we have been able to do there as far as margin and our improvement in services. So, Jason, when we acquired Fandstan, their margins were lower than our transit business by a few points and we said that we were going to acquire them, we were going to bring them into our business, apply the WPS methodologies and we were going to try to get to the transit margins as quickly as possible and we anticipated that would take a couple of years. We just as Al said just finished our board meeting and reported to the board that we basically have the Fandstan business at our transit margins already after the first year. So, again, I think hopefully people appreciate is that we have a very discipline intense methodology and when we applied the methodology with the management expertise and focus that exist in our company, its pretty effective and I think the Fandstan story is the demonstration of that. We will obviously work hard with the Faiveley folks. They have a really good  we have seen their strategy, their strategic plan, their goal is to basically accomplish the same kind of property improvement objectives that we have. So, when we pride the WPS methodology to that, I think we are going to see pretty effective and rapid improvement.
Jason Rodgers: Okay. And just two quick number questions. The impact on the operating margin, the quarter from FX and what was the shareholders equity for the quarter?
Al Neupaver: Well, shareholders equity is $1,985,000,441.
Pat Dugan: FX in the quarter was 7.3 on EBIT. No, no, proportion of that was
Ray Betler: Similar with the other.
Pat Dugan: With the other. So, its 7.3 and 8.29, so a $4 million of impact on your operating margin. Yes, your operating profits and so you can do a math in the margin there.
Jason Rodgers: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is from Cleo Zagrean at Macquarie.
Cleo Zagrean: Good morning. So, maybe we can go back to the board meeting and can you help us with some insight into what is driving your excitement to be higher for the upcoming 5 years than the last? Obviously, there is great concern about North American market to the freight market, railcar way falling, thats 20% of revenue, but there is 80% that depends on something else? There is concern about global market slowing. So, I am thinking it has to do something with share gains. Maybe you can talk to us about initiatives helping drive those and some top examples on an organic basis, because M&A is going to be my next question. Thank you.
Ray Betler: Yes. Cleo, as far as concerns that wasnt the tone at the discussion at the board meeting, I can tell you that. We were talking about 5-year long-term plans, medium to long-term business objectives. But we started, so you know, we started the strategic presentation by comparing the last 5-year performance to our strategic plan that we presented 5 years ago. We are 50% above what we anticipated in our strategic plan 5 years ago. So, the excitement is that we believe we can perform to the strategic objectives we have put in front of our board and/or better. So, those strategic objectives as we have always communicated, is for double-digit growth through the business cycle. So, we dont see any reason why we can continue to grow this corporation. We have market share opportunities in our existing markets. We have new markets that we havent even passed. We have acquisition candidates when we  by the way, our straps did not include Faiveley. So, we did not superimpose Faiveleys numbers over ours. When you do that, the story is even better. So, if you look at our diversification, you look at our technical capability and innovation opportunities, the growth opportunities in Wabtec are honestly, they are endless. So, are there short-term concerns about the market here? Yes, we would like Chinas economy to pick back up. We would like the commodities market to pick back up. We would like the oil to start flowing again. We would like to see coal on the railroads and maybe some of that will come with the new administration, who knows, but thats all short-term issues that we are going to manage through.
Cleo Zagrean: Maybe can you help explain what of the upcoming strength even for the next year, we dont see sort of the backlog, because obviously there are concerns driven by the backlog itself, but I have the sense that, that is not a complete indicator of the path ahead. Am I anywhere near, right?
Al Neupaver: I think that if you look at the backlog traditionally, our freight backlog mostly flows out in the short period of time. Almost half of the backlog flows out in 12 months where its totally different than the transit market. As Ray said that there is delay in some of the projects we already have in the backlog, but there has also been delays in some of the projects awards. And I think that you kind of view it from a transit and freight standpoint and I think what he has tried to also emphasize is the fact that this is why we have a diverse business and we just we want to make sure everyone to remind it about that. We are not just a supplier to one particular area and we know the brutal fact is that some of our businesses are cyclical. There are wide swings top to bottom and we have built a business model that will help sustain our growth and earnings per share growth through that business cycle in double-digits level. So, I think youve got to take those into effect when you look at the backlog.
Cleo Zagrean: Thank you. And my last question relates to M&A, so the first part of that is how do you think about M&A in a rolling cycle? Is that more or less of an environment that you are interested in and how do you think about it now that Faiveley is on its way to becoming part of Wabtec? Thank you.
Al Neupaver: Yes, go ahead. So, the M&A pipeline is good. It hasnt stopped any activity, the Faiveley acquisition from any of our other ongoing activity in terms of evaluating good candidates and pursuing good candidates. We do that in strategic ways. Also, Cleo look at this track IQ focused. Our focus is on technology areas, its on high growth opportunities. This is a technology area that complements our electronics area. It complements our overall signaling infrastructure, electronics network capability. Its a worldwide  its a product that can be applied worldwide and can be integrated into a much higher value-added system and applied to support our customers, especially in the area of safety, but also in the area of productivity and efficiency. So, its a perfect strategic fit. Its small $15 million. We obviously have a chance to grow it because of our footprint and our presence. And if you look at them, if I turn to Faiveley now and just talk about that, when Faiveley comes on board, we are going to have 5,000 more people with ideas about acquisitions and new opportunities. So our M&A focus is just going to increase. I have said before, our biggest difficulty is to be able to prioritize and select the right acquisition candidates to pursue, because we cant pursue them all.
Cleo Zagrean: Thank you very much.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Samuel Eisner at Goldman Sachs.
Samuel Eisner: Yes. Good morning everyone.
Al Neupaver: Good morning Sam.
Ray Betler: Good morning Sam.
Samuel Eisner: Most of my questions have been answered, but I want to just go back to the transit project delays. I mean you commented thats negatively impacting this quarter, but is it also impacting the Faiveley business and is the backlog growth that you are seeing because of frankly projects not being booked as revenue this quarter?
Al Neupaver: We dont have visibility into their backlog at this point. I think reading the financial reports and the analysts, we think that they really are  they have been able to be successful in a lot of those international markets. And keep in mind, we are complimentary. Most of the products and projects they have are projects and programs that we would not be involved in. Thats the real value of this opportunity.
Pat Dugan: So just one comment thats been in the press. So we obviously, arent involved in anyway in their operational business and we dont have insight into their numbers and revenue stream, but one project in particular thats been in the papers, Toronto [ph]. So if you go and research that project, its been delayed significantly and they are the supplier for several of our major subsystems. So they deal with the same issues as we deal within their business, yet they have record orders year in terms of new orders entry this year and record backlog on their side. So yes, this is common. Unfortunately, its common in the trends of the business, the ups and downs and some projects are delayed longer than others is one of them, in particular is to run all of these.
Samuel Eisner: Got it, thats helpful. And when we look at the freight business, I get the commentary or at least the forward commentary on expectations for OE, did you say that you expect freight OE or even railcar deliveries to be flat next year, could you give any commentary regarding that?
Pat Dugan: No. We think that  what we said is that we think that the deliveries and orders have peaked  backlogs peaked.
Al Neupaver: But we said that we dont anticipate a repeat of 2008, 2009. We do think that its going to be a dramatic drop, but it will be a drop.
Samuel Eisner: Got it. And then how has your aftermarket  your freight aftermarket business held up, I know that through the first half of the year I think it was holding in there despite the fact that you have had volume declines throughout the industry, how is that attributed in the third quarter?
Al Neupaver: I think its actually, trace the car-loading volumes, so its actually been good.
Samuel Eisner: And then lastly, I guess on the margin expansion on a year-on-year basis, the 170 bps, is there a way to perhaps parse out what the drivers are, whether its price, cost or cost containment mix, just wanted to have a better idea of what the real drivers are behind there, if you can maybe put into some kind of larger buckets for us, that will be helpful? Thanks.
Al Neupaver: As far as the drivers for improvement, how much  what percentage of this improvement was mix versus activities, is that what you are asking, Sam?
Samuel Eisner: Yes. I guess if you could put it into some main buckets, right, is mix of the 170 basis points, is it half of the improvement is cost containment, the other half, are you gaining any prices. So I just want to understand what the major drivers are because you only saw about 2% top line growth, yet you had almost 140% incremental, so I wanted to understand what the real drivers are there?
Al Neupaver: Yes. I didnt do the math. It can easily be done and maybe you could follow-up Tim and actually do the math. I would think that, that margin improvement quarter-on-quarter what is 17.1 to 18.8. If you look at the mix change quarter-to-quarter, off the top of my head, I would say yes, 30%, 40% of it is related to mix. And I think the balance is actually activities but...
Pat Dugan: I think probably, we can do the math and we can give you a more definitive answer. But I agree with Al, I think its additional margin coming out of the aftermarket additional margin coming out of freight versus transit.
Al Neupaver: That is back of an envelope calculation. He think it could be close to half and half, 50-50.
Pat Dugan: We have sales mix and margin improvement on those sales and costs and cost containment.
Samuel Eisner: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Barger at KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger: Hi, thank you. I have just got a quick one. Al, in response to an earlier question, you said PTC will continue to grow and I think you were talking about internationally. Do you see a growth coming from  yes, is that from regulatory mandates or is that really from the value proposition of the product and are the margin internationally as strong as for the domestic?
Al Neupaver: Okay. A couple of questions here, first of all yes, this was globally what will happen with our train control business. And internationally, is all driven by productivity and the advantages that these type of train control systems offer. From a margin standpoint, its project to project dependent and its hard to label whether it will be more or less profitable. I think at some cases, its similar, in other cases, maybe less.
Steve Barger: Okay, perfect. And one I guess just in terms of pipeline, do you have line of sight on any new PTC projects or are you just talking broadly that thats scenario you expect will continue to grow?
Al Neupaver: We do [indiscernible] now lets tell you. We always have projects we are working on and its a little different arena when you get out of the U.S. but we do have projects we have a line or site up.
Steve Barger: Alright, I appreciate it. Thanks.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Al Neupaver for closing remarks.
Al Neupaver: Okay. We appreciate your questions and interest. We will talk to you again soon. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Wesley - VP, IR Al Neupaver - Executive Chairman Ray Betler - President and CEO Pat Dugan - CFO
Analysts: Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research Scott Group - Wolfe Research Justin Long - Stephens Art Hatfield - Raymond James Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners Cleo Zagrean - Macquarie Willard Milby - BBT Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, VP of Investor Relations. Please, sir, go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you, Zhonda. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our 2015 second quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the rest of the Wabtec team who are here in the room with me; Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman; Ray Betler, our President and CEO; our CFO, Pat Dugan; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. Were going to make our prepared remarks as usual, and then be happy to answer your questions. Of course during the call, we will make forward-looking statements. So, we ask that you please review our press release today for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. We had an excellent operating performance in the second quarter with sales of $847 million and record earnings of $1.04 per diluted share. Our operating margin continued to expand nicely and was at 18.4%. And our backlog increased by 5%. The business is performing well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. We continue to be optimistic and excited about the long-term opportunities in our key freight and transit rail markets. These markets are large and global and they will continue to grow over time. And as they do, we are positioned well to benefit from these opportunities.  Today, we also affirmed our 2015 guidance, with full year earnings per diluted share expected to be about $4.10 based on sales growth of about 10% for the year. If you do the math, this guidance implies that our second half will be better than our first, both top and bottom line. Keep in mind that this guidance for the year has about $145 million in FX headwinds for revenues and about $20 million in EBIT.  Our guidance also assumes the following: modest growth in the global economy, taking into account current conditions in all of our key markets; top line growth coming mostly from our freight group with more than half of its growth coming from organic initiatives. Most of the growth in our transit group will be offset by headwinds from foreign exchange rates. We expect continued operating margin expansion, no changes in foreign exchange rates from the current levels. And tax rate of about 32% for the year. This was slightly higher than we expected due to a greater percentage of sales coming from within the United States, which has a higher tax rate in some of our international locations.  Being only half way through the year, we may find some of our assumptions to be a bit conservative. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling costs, focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond if market conditions change.  Ray, can you talk a little bit about our current market and growth strategies?
Ray Betler: Sure, thank you Al. Good morning everyone. Before I talk about our freight and transit markets, Id like to take just a minute to talk about another market, the stock market. On Tuesday, Wabtec celebrated its 20th anniversary on the New York Stock Exchange. We have the honor of ringing and closing the bell on behalf of more than 13,000 Wabtec employees. We try to take a very humble approach in our daily jobs and in the public, but I would like to point out just a few numbers.  When Bill Kassling took this company public in 1995, the company had sales of $425 million, net income of $34 million and about 2,300 employees with most of our operations in the US. Under Bills leadership and Als strategic vision and leadership, our sales now exceed $3 billion. Our net income last year surpassed $350 million, with about half of our sales outside the US. And of course, many of you know that we are the only US company on any exchange whose year-end stock prices increased year-on-year for 14 consecutive years. So its been a good 20 years on the New York Stock Exchange and we look forward to many more.  Now, lets focus on freight rail. In NAFTA, freight rail traffic is flat so far this year as an increase of 3.5% in intermodal has been offset by 3.3% decrease in general merchandise and carloadings. We still expect OEM rolling stock deliveries in 2015 to be above the long-term average. We expect about 1,300 locomotives to be delivered this year compared to about 1,450 in 2014.  The freight car market remains strong with a more diverse backlog of car types than in recent years. Based on the second quarter deliveries of about 22,000 cars, the current backlog extends through the end of next year. Second quarter orders reached almost 20,000, about 25% higher than first quarter. So our assumption of 75,000 cars this year may prove to be conservative.  Globally, freight traffic is mixed, depending on the geographical market. For example, traffic is up in the UK and India, and down in Germany and Russia. We remain focused on increasing our global footprint and product offerings beyond our traditional NAFTA markets. And remember that about 75% of the installed base of locomotives and freight cars are outside of NAFTA.  Now, lets move to transit. In our transit market, stability remains the theme both in the US and abroad. In US and Canada, ridership was basically flat in the first quarter. UK and Germany saw increases, while Russia and India saw decreases. This year, were expecting North American car deliveries to be higher than last year. Bus deliveries should be about the same as last year. This year we booked some nice orders in Boston with MBTA, we booked $70 million order for brake shoes and couplers and with San Francisco Muni, we booked a $50 million order mainly for brakes.  Transit funding in the US is also stable at about $11 billion, slightly higher than last year. Senators Boxer and McConnell have agreed on a new six-year transportation plan, which would increase funding for our transit projects about 9% next year. This past Senate last night moves on to Congress, but its too soon to tell what the final bill will look like and whether they will even get it through. And then in the meantime, the House just passed extension, which allows funding to be supported through December of this year.  Just as with the Freight market, we are focused on global growth and increasing our product offerings because the markets are larger than NAFTA. We estimate the global installed base of transit vehicles to be about 330,000 with 95% of that fleet outside of NAFTA. We continue to focus on growth and also on cash generation. Our priorities for allocating free cash have not changed. First, we look to fund internal growth programs, which includes innovation and new product development along with capital expenditures. Second, we focus on acquisitions. And third, we return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. In May, we announced the dividend increase for the fifth consecutive year and we have about $173 million left on our $200 million buyback authorization. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing costs, by driving down working capital, and controlling capital expenditures. Our four corporate growth strategies remain the same; first, to focus on international and market expansion; second, aftermarket expansion; third, new product innovation, new product development; and fourth, acquisitions. Lets talk about progress in each of these key strategic areas.  First, our growth strategies; global and market expansion. In the quarter, sales outside of US were $403 million, about half of our total sales versus only one-third five years ago. Some markets are currently challenging due to low commodity prices, but we still continue to win orders around the world.  We won a large order in South Africa for PRASA, the Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa, which is for 600 trains, 3,600 vehicles, that represents about $160 million in revenue, mainly for brakes, also for air generation equipment and pantographs. That order will be delivered over a 10-year period. We also are winning bus door actuator orders in Brazil. We continue to supply SAC-1 equipment for freight cars in Russia and we have won an order in Saudi Arabia for various freight car components, including the ECP. On the aftermarket expansion side, overall aftermarket sales were $540 million, about 64% of our total sales. This growth is due to acquisitions and internal growth initiatives. Recent orders here include a transit car overhaul project in the UK, freight overhaul projects in Brazil, and we are working on PTC installations for several Class I railroads and we are negotiating now various service and long-term maintenance opportunities.  On the new product development strategic initiatives, we have many ongoing internal development projects. Positive train control has certainly been one of several growth drivers. PTC related sales came in a little over a $100 million in this quarter and are still on track to increase 15% to 20% for the full year depending on the pace of orders from railroads and transit agencies. In ECP, Electronically Controlled Pneumatic Braking, it's another new product that remains in the headlines. As you know, the FRA has announced new roles for tank cars including the use of ECP. The role is currently being appealed, so we will have to wait and see how that all plays out but I can tell you that we are receiving more enquires about ECP and those enquiries are coming from both U.S. customers as well as international customers. Heat exchangers, Tier 4 cooling systems and new intercooler for power generation are products that we're delivering and working on and we also finished developing and recently installed a new dispatch system for the Florida East Coast railway, a freight railroad that is 350 miles total network as a result of the new system, the FCE expects improvements to come in the form of greater safety, customer service and improved operational proficiency. On the acquisition side, our pipeline continues to be active and we're pleased with the opportunities that we're reviewing. So in the second quarter, we acquired a company called Metalocaucho, which is a specialty rubber products manufacturer based in Spain. That company represents a good strategic fit with our existing rubber product businesses and it will help strengthen our presence in key markets such as continental Europe, China and India. Annual sales of about $25 million, its products are primarily used for suspension and vibration control systems on high-speed trains, intercity and metro applications. The company's customers include both OEMs as well as transit agencies in key markets. When we see opportunities to grow Metalocaucho's business by integrating its products into our distribution channels, especially in North America and by leveraging existing customer relationships. And finally, I'd like to talk a little bit about Fandstan, an acquisition we completed a year ago. Fandstan has annual revenues of about $250 million and its operating margins were about 8% to 9% lower than our existing transit business when we bought it. A year later, we're very pleased with the integration process and the work that everyone has done and contributed to improving this business and its ongoing growth opportunities. We continue to integrate the Wabtec Performance System into their facilities and we've seen very good results from Kaizen and Value Stream Mapping activities that we've deployed. The employees seem to be generally interested in embracing the improvements that we've been able to make. The result is that Fandstan's margins today are at least a couple of hundred basis points higher than they were when we bought the Company and we believe there is still more room for improvement. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Pat to review the quarterly numbers.
Pat Dugan: Thank you Ray. Starting with our income statement, our sales for the second quarter were $847 million, 16% higher than last year's quarter; this includes the negative impact of about $45 million or about 5% from changes in foreign exchange rates when compared to the prior-year quarter. Of our recorded increase of sales for the quarter, about 25% was from organic growth. Excluding the impact of FX, sales growth would have been about 50/50 organic and from acquisitions. Looking at our segments, freight sales increased 30%, again excluding the impact of FX, it would have been about 33% increase, freight segment's sales growth was from increases in our electronics business, our freight car components, and from locomotive rebuilds and also from acquisitions. Transit segment sales decreased 2% as acquisitions mostly offset the negative impact and effective changes in the FX rate. When you exclude this FX impact, transit sales would have been up about 7%. For 2015, we expect to see revenues increase in our freight segment, while transit is expected to be flat due to the same FX impact. Looking at our operating income for the quarter, it was a record $156 million or 18.4% of sales. FX had a negative impact of about $6.4 million on EBIT, which reduced our reported operating margin by about 70 basis points. In 2014, our second quarter operating margin was 18.1% and we finished last year at 17.3%, so we have continued to find ways to improve despite these FX headwinds. Interest expense for the quarter was $4 million, slightly less than a year ago quarter. In our other expense and income, we had an expense of about $1.9 million in the quarter and that's mainly from non-cash foreign currency translation losses. For the most part, we have natural hedges for transactions and projects against currency fluctuations by selling and producing in local markets and to the extend we do have an exposure we may enter into a forward hedge. I also want to comment on the effect of FX on your guidance. We continue to have exposure due to the consolidation of our results. Today's guidance takes into account FX rate at current levels, further changes will affect our 2015 results. So using today's FX rate, our sales guidance for the rest of the year versus the original 2015 numbers we gave is negatively impacted by about $62 million with corresponding effect on earnings guidance. And looking at our effective tax rate, for the quarter, it was 32.3% versus 30.7% in the year ago quarter, this is higher mainly due to the greater mix of profits in the U.S. versus international locations, some of which have lower tax rates. We expect our annual rate to be about 32% for the year and remember that's an annual forecast subject to the timing of any discrete items, we continue to work on opportunities to improve this rate. When you look at our balance sheet, our balance sheet remains strong which provides financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. Our credit metrics remain strong providing continued positive outlook in all our debt markets. Working capital, trade -- at June 30, our trade and unbilled receivables were about $680 million, inventories were $535 million and payables were $378 million. Unbilled receivables which are in that number above are related to long-term contracts, its situations where we need to hit certain project milestones before were able to bill and collect for the work. Unbilled receivables ended the quarter at $174 million, down from previous quarters, I like to point out that offsetting that balance is a large portion of customer deposits which stood at $99 million at the end of the quarter. Cash at June 30 was $265 million, mostly outside the U.S., at March 31, it was $249 million. Debt at June 30 was $400 million and that's compared to $421 million at March 31. And we generated $67 million of cash from operations for the quarter, which brings us to $111 million for the first half of the year. Just a couple of miscellaneous items that I want to point that we always review. Our depreciation for the quarter was $10.9 million compared to $9.2 million in last year's quarter. Amortization expense $5.2 million compared to $5.1 million in the last year quarter. And our Capex for the quarter was $12.4 million versus $12 million in the comparable quarter last year. For the year, our budget for Capex, we expect to be around $60 million. Last thing I want to talk about is our backlog. At June 30, our multi-year backlog was $2.3 billion, which is 5% higher than the end of the first quarter. Transit had a backlog of $1.36 billion and freight about $940 million. Again, changes in FX rate reduced backlog numbers by about $69 million. Our rolling 12-month backlog which is a subset of the multi-year number was about $1.4 billion and that's about the same as it was at the first quarter. Transit was $604 million and freight was $830 million. The total backlog figures that I just gave you, do not include the $250 million of pending orders and contract options that are not counted in the backlog until the customer exercises them. So with that review I'd like to turn over back to Al.
Al Neupaver: Thanks Pat, and thanks Ray. Once again we had a good performance in the second quarter. As we look at the rest of the year, we see ongoing challenges including global economic uncertainty and FX headwinds. Based on our second quarter performance and performance year-to-date and our outlook for the rest of the year, we affirm our EPS guidance of about $4.10 on revenue growth of about 10%. That guidance implies that our second half will be better than our first. We are pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see. We continue to benefit from our strong team of employees and management, our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. With that we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo, please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi guys good morning.
Ray Betler: Hi Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Could you talk a little bit more about transit, it seems like there is a lot of puts and takes in the U.S. as well as internationally, was there a difference in terms of revenue growth this quarter or how you're looking out at the balance of the year between say U.S. versus international?
Ray Betler: I think in general Allison, the transit business is lumpy, you know that and we've said that all along, it's not going to change, it's lumpy in terms of its financing coming from projects, the time it takes to bring a project to the market, the time it takes to negotiate and win the project and execute it. So, we're winning our share of transit projects, I think we're doing reasonably well in the transit area, the Boston project is a nice win for us, the San Francisco Muni project, we haven't lost any big projects. So, I think what you're seeing is, is basically a reflection of the market. We can't change the market obviously, we just have to position ourselves to be able to respond to it.
Allison Poliniak: Thank you. Yeah. I guess, I mean, I think Pat you said 7% growth, I mean is the USLP saying, I mean, its a surprise that it was as strong as that on an organic basis?
Pat Dugan: Yeah. We have several businesses that are performing well. It's clearly -- it ends up looking more flat than reality, because of the impact to FX, a lot of these projects we have and the businesses underlying them are in international locations. So I think we continue to execute and do well and enjoy that business and growth in the area.
Al Neupaver: Yeah. And Allison, if I could add, I'll just give you some specific numbers here. If you look at Transit and compare 2014 second quarter to 2015 second quarter, the impact on revenues from FX in Transit was about $32 million negatively and acquisitions accounted for $46 million positively and I think what we're seeing is that exactly what Ray has said in that there are some projects that we're winning that these project revenues are probably -- they can be as much as 12 to 18 months out before we get them ramped up and I think were confident in the fact that our Transit business is on the right track. Were making progress, were winning contracts, but if you go back, I think if you took a look at a snapshot 12 to 18 months ago, there probably wasn't a lot of projects that we announced at that time and that's what we mean by lumpiness. The other thing that you find and that we really think is an important aspect of the business diversity that we have is the fact generally when the economy is well, it's the freight market that drives our growth. When you get into a recessionary type of period, it's those stainless packages and the investment in the infrastructure that generally drives growth and that's exactly what were seeing right now. So I think it's very predictable, the good news is these contract wins that we have coming down the road, I think if you take a look at the backlog, that backlog really grew from Transit, not necessarily freight new projects and 5% growth when I think, Pat, you said that we had a headwind of about $69 million from FX. So -- and you would add another 3%, 4% to that, that's a nice jump in backlog, its a record backlog in transit that we have right now. So were pretty positive about it, but stability is the main theme and progress is being made. I think that's the message were trying to send out today.
Allison Poliniak: That's helpful, thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier: Hey, thanks. Good morning. So question on Fandstan, youre growing the business for I think a little bit over a year now, just curious to hear your thoughts on -- if your thoughts have changed in terms of its potential earnings contribution in 15 and then also if your thoughts have changed in terms of its longer-term margin potential?
Al Neupaver: Let me just start out. I think when we acquired the business, what we said is our goal was to get this business up to what our average is in the Transit business and I think that what were reporting today is progress on that only after one year. Typically in an acquisition, we find to get to where we expect to be. It's a three-year program and I would say that right now, what Ray is important is that were really probably ahead of schedule right now. Ray, do you want to add a little to that?
Ray Betler: Yeah. I think, Matt, we've done a lot of -- I don't want to get into all the details, but we've done a lot of things in the Fandstan business. It's very international business. In Europe, weve leaned out a couple of the bigger operations, we've made a lot of progress there. We continue to do that, as we always do, continue to improve those plants and operations. On the Asian side, were consolidating and rationalizing facilities over there and focusing on those operations in parallel and were winning business in Asia on the Transit side through Fandstan that otherwise we would not have had the opportunity to do. So it's kind of a [indiscernible] in terms of a good story, were picking up business and were also improving our operating margins and as we all said, I definitely see continued improvement. We committed that we will get this business to at least Transit levels, but I think were going to get there quicker than we had hoped and I believe there is opportunity to even go beyond that down the road.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, that's great to hear. And then you mentioned PTC revenue in the quarter was about $100 million. Can you give us a little bit of color in terms of how that broke up between freight and Transit?
Ray Betler: Yeah. In this particular quarter, a majority of that was freight and probably about 60%, 65% was freight. Up to this point, we've seen that I think on an ongoing basis, we've reported that its about 50% Freight, 25% Transit and 25% international. This particular quarter was stronger in the freight category. Going forward, the MRS program, which is a majority of our international sales -- as that program is coming to an end, so youre going to see those percentages change as we go forward. So this is not unexpected.
Al Neupaver: So Matt, just let me may be pitch in a little -- a little story here makes our Head of Corporate Development look like a genius, Mark Cox. Yeah. We acquired RCL as you know. We have bid on four [ph] at East Coast, the PTC project there and we ended up winning  we bid through Xorail, our existing business. RCL has bid independently before we acquired them. We acquired them and we had an opportunity -- we lost that bid in Xorail, we had an opportunity to revisit the bid through RCL and we won that business. So it's those kinds of complementary wins that really have strengthened our business and continue to allow us to grow PTC sales.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then just given the first half of PTC revenue, given your unchanged kind of growth guidance for the year, it would imply that PTC sequentially is going to be down over the next two quarters. Just curious to hear if there is anything in particular driving that that's potentially and we know the freight rails are a little bit -- well ahead of schedule versus Transit. Just curious to see if there are any drivers or were just trying to be conservative?
Al Neupaver: I would not read into those numbers. I think that -- as normally, we try to be conservative and there are always some questions on when these expenditures come in PTC, some of them are project related, so theyre milestone related, and can you book it or can you not book it. We continue to think that revenues will continue to increase, growing year-on-year by 15%, 20%, that's a pretty healthy clip. So, I would not read into the actual calculation.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, excellent. Thank you for the time.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Group: So the Transit projects you're talking about, when do you expect the revenue in this to start ramping up?
Al Neupaver: Go ahead Ray. When is the revenue going to start ramping up on the projects, say the three that we mentioned today?
Ray Betler: Okay. So Boston and San Francisco Muni are new projects, Scott. So, normally the design period, we call COD, customer order development, that design period is about 18 months to two years. So we won't see that revenue until about two years out. On the cost of projects, which I mentioned 160 million in South Africa, that project actually is a project that we have mentioned several times in the past and we won that. We started working on that project probably three years ago, we won that project, we were selected for that project about, I dont know, about a year ago and kind of officially booked the project after that. That project, weve started to deliver in South Africa and again it will be extrapolated over a ten-year period, pretty even revenues after this first year.
Scott Group: Okay. So it feels like to me that maybe next year is a year where Transit accelerates and potentially freight at least on the rail car part has some pressure. Is that still an environment where you think you can see, from a consolidated standpoint, margin expansion and kind of this -- maintain this kind of good run rate of earnings growth? I know it's early, but just directionally curious on your thoughts.
Ray Betler: First of all, we probably are not in a position to give guidance for 2016. So we will not. However, any time that the mix changes where there is a greater percentage of Transit that has lower margins, then they would be under pressure. But keep in mind, the opportunity that we have for improving margins really come from Wabtec performance system, our budgeting process and even as you  some of this Transit business is from acquisitions, which gives us an opportunity for margin expansion. And if you go back to the last recession and the 2009, 2010 period, you would see that our Transit margins, I think, they went up as high as 15%. I don't know the exact number, but I think it went that high when in generally, I think we've reported earlier this year, probably in the 12% range. So I hope that answers your question, but we really can't give you any guidance into 16. We just haven't done that analysis at this point.
Scott Group: No, no, that makes sense. And then just last question maybe, Al, can you talk about the acquisition pipeline that you're seeing, is it growing, shrinking, bigger deals, smaller deals and kind of maybe your level of confidence and the ability to do a deal or two in the back half of the year?
Al Neupaver: Yeah. The pipeline is very active right now and what drives that a lot of times and these are ideal acquisition candidates because I think anyone would admit that things are pretty darn good and especially in the freight market right now. And that's primarily in North America and people that have a private business or a private equity business, I think that you will see that if they are going to put the business up for sale, it will generally come in this period where  Im not saying that there is a downturn ahead, I am just saying that business is pretty darn good and its hard to get much better in the freight markets. So there is a tremendous amount of activity thats going on. We are very active in looking at businesses and we feel strongly that we will get our share of businesses. And as weve always said, Scott, is that it makes us a little different than other businesses that do a lot of acquisitions. We have a balance sheet that puts us in a situation where we could be opportunistic. We are going to continue to look for those opportunities to utilize that balance sheet. 
Scott Group: Okay, thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
Ray Betler : Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Ray Betler: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Long: First question I wanted to ask, the North American rails have been scrambling or they were scrambling to add locomotives last year as volumes ramped. Now it seems like we are pulling back some of these locomotives into storage as volumes have softened. Can you talk about how this volatility and re-aligning resources is impacting your business? How much of a needle mover is all of that to your aftermarket revenue?
Al Neupaver: Its not a great  the OEM locomotive business, if you look at it, its not that much different than the railcar portion of our business which is probably in less than 10% of our total revenue. I think what you are saying is something that we are seeing, but we are not hearing about much cancellations related to those orders of locomotives and weve not seen a great reduction up to this point. When we went into the year we pretty well maintained the assumption and that assumption was that we would, from a peak of 1,400 locomotives, we would expect to see about 1,300 delivered. And what could drive some of that is the international opportunities. Maybe you want to comment, Ray.
Ray Betler: Yeah. And Justin, on the aftermarket side for locomotives, we do have the service business in our service centers and its pretty steady. We are not seeing now really any slowdown there and we have long term, not long term compared to transit contracts that we have long term aftermarket overhaul projects. So those projects are solid, they are not being cut back and thats a backlog business for us that is supporting businesses like motorparts.
Justin Long: Okay, great. Thats helpful. And, Ray, maybe along those same lines, you mentioned discussions regarding long term aftermarket contracts for service and maintenance. It sounded to me like that  those were maybe in North America, but could you just expand a little bit more on that opportunity and what the contract structure would look like?
Ray Betler: Yeah. We are negotiating long-term contracts with all the suppliers, starting that discussion where if there is phases of negotiation and thats being done in North America as well as internationally.
Justin Long: Okay. And maybe one last one to follow up on the question on acquisition, the balance sheet seems to be in a pretty healthy spot right now. Could you comment on where you would be willing to take leverage for the right deal? And are there big deals that you are looking at in that pipeline or would most of these transactions you are looking at would be smaller?
Ray Betler: Yeah, first of all, we really dont comment on any particulars that we cant, but I think weve always said that we are comfortable doing 2.5 times EBITDA type of leverage with the company which would be ideal. So thats probably is -- Pat, I dont know if you want comment at all.
Pat Dugan: This question we get asked an awful lot, especially in terms of our rating agencies, what our financial policy is. I think that that ratio would be a maximum amount that we would work towards making sure that we deleverage very quickly afterwards any opportunity that we would pursue.
Justin Long: Okay, great. I appreciate the time today, guys.
Pat Dugan: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Art Hatfield with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Art Hatfield: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hey, Pat, can you comment, you talked a lot about FX, but can you kind of give, if you can, a breakdown of where your currency exposure is like, say, is it 50% euro or whatnot? Do you have any 
Ray Betler: Yeah, I would say that a majority of it is, and Pat will give you specifics, but it is primarily euro and the pound.
Pat Dugan: Yeah, its  our largest kind of concentration of overseas business is in UK, so we have pound exposure and then weve expanded significantly in Europe with especially with like the acquisition of Fandstan. But we do have some, so thats euro, but we do have pretty healthy business groupings in Australia and in Brazil.
Al Neupaver: Yeah, if you look at the percentage of our revenues, we talk about 20% or so being in the UK and Europe and about 5%, less than 5% in Brazil, less than 5% in Australia and China, its even less than  so that gives you  if you look at the revenue, I think it will give you a percentage on how that shakes up. 
Art Hatfield: So revenue in those markets would be the same, its not that you have dollar denominated contracts in any of those markets that would change those?
Al Neupaver: No.
Art Hatfield: Thats fine. That clarifies that, then I can just look at the revenue numbers. I have that, but thank you for that. I didnt have a chance to look yet, but did you guys notice that there was and what the time frame was for a PTC extension in that Senate bill that passed last night?
Al Neupaver: Well, I dont know exactly what was passed, but what was agreed to between the two top people, I think it was Boxer and McConnell, it was three year. And I dont know if that got passed and we just dont know. And, boy, its a long way from -- Ill just warn you, sometimes weve seen this especially when the extension goes to December and there is no deadline, Id be real careful. 
Art Hatfield: Yeah, I know. Yeah, I am a Cubs fan, I see this stuff every year. Same stuff that always goes back. Just a couple other ones. I will take this one first on acquisitions. Any thoughts on maybe changing your stance and I honestly I havent talked about it in a while but using your equity as currency in the acquisition market?
Al Neupaver: Everything is on an individual basis and an opportunistic basis, so, no, there is nothing [indiscernible].
Art Hatfield: Okay. Just lastly, and looking at things and looking at SG&A, the growth in SG&A over the last couple of years, in 14 it was about 24%. It looks like its about in the first half of this year its ballpark 21% growth and both those numbers outpaced the revenue growth over the same time period. And I know thats, Al, you dont and Ray, I am sure you guys never want to see and I know Pat feel this way, want to see expenses growing faster than revenue. Can you comment, as we think about that growth in SG&A, how much of that was from adding infrastructure through acquisitions and how should we think about kind of this normal inflation in that and are there opportunities now that Fandstan is a year in that we start to see maybe reductions in SG&A or a real material slowdown in the growth of that number?
Al Neupaver: Why dont you take that, Pat?
Pat Dugan: Yeah, sure. So just couple of the numbers. When you look at the SG&A increase from the second quarter of last year, you see that the majority of the increase is related to acquisitions and so there is always opportunities to continue to look at these costs, lean them out, consolidate operations and get an improvement. But I think you will also have to kind of take a look at this in terms of quarter over quarter comparisons. There are some discrete items and some fluctuations. First quarter was better than the second quarter of 2015, but  and everything was better than the fourth quarter of 2014. So I think a normal kind of run rate on a go-forward is roughly equivalent to what we did here in the second quarter, absent any additional acquisitions and we are constantly looking at these things in order to improve our margin. And you can see that we have had that margin expansion over these years. 
Al Neupaver: Hey, Art, I will throw in some quick math here, some old statistics and I was a pretty good math student, so but dont hold me to these numbers, because if I go to the total operating expenses in 2007, I guess 13.9%. I go in 10, it was up to 16.3% because of the drop in revenues due to the session. I go to 13, I get 12.7% and if I go to 15, what are we talking about?
Pat Dugan: 13.2%
Al Neupaver: 13.2%.
Pat Dugan: Total operating expenses.
Art Hatfield: Yeah, total operating -- yeah, I am just looking at SG&A, Al. I get the total, you are doing a good job there, but I just wanted to kind of get  understand the SG&A and how much is acquisition related and how  once, if you go through a period where you dont make acquisitions kind of what is the good run rate. I think Pat did answer that for me.
Al Neupaver: Okay. As long as youre pleased with the answer, but we are pretty focused on that number and actually weve been accused at times of not supporting growth and an important aspect is that as we continue to grow, there are SG&A and there are engineering expenses that  and thats our number one use of our cash that we generate and we want internal growth. So but at the same time we want to manage that so that our contribution margin on incremental business is going to be increasing as we go forward.
Art Hatfield: Absolutely. No, I agree. I just wanted to make sure I was understanding SG&A correctly and I think I do that.
Al Neupaver: Okay, very good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristine Kubacki with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki: Hey, good morning, everybody. Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted, Ray, youve always been such a good insight into the market in China. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the dynamics of whats going on there, obviously consolidation in some of the competitors over there or actually customers. So I was wondering if you could give us kind of how you are feeling about that market given some of the slowdown in the macro as well.
Ray Betler: On China, Kristine, integration of CSR and CNR is finished. Its finished in the sense that its started. The new company is operating as an integrated company. The people and leadership positions are making decisions under the new company. There is two dynamics. One is inside China. Inside China, the overall market is I would say continues to be relatively flat. Its relatively slow compared to what its been in past years. We continue to pick up business through our joint ventures both inside and outside of China. We continue to focus on rationalizing and improving the operations there just like anywhere else in the world. The Boston project that we won was the project that the Chinese vehicle manufacturers out of CNR won. So, thats now under the new integrated CR organization. And were seeing more and more Id say action on the part of the Chinese industry to come out of China and compete internationally. So, they won business in the Middle East, they won business in the US, theyre pursuing business in Europe and they won business in Africa and South America. Were on -- were involved with projects on platforms in South America. Were now on the first order in North America and we will continue to try to work with them both inside and outside of China. It is a dynamic process. Industry is going to continue to evolve. I think what fundamentally were seeing is more aggressive approach by the Chinese to take over more and more of the market share in China from western companies.
Kristine Kubacki: Its very helpful. I appreciate the time, thank you guys.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cleo Zagrean with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Cleo Zagrean: Good morning and thank you. My first question relates to the North American market. Were coming back to this over and over, but can you help frame for us your exposure to this cycle in freight car orders and volume trends? How would you expose to volume versus just the sheer new pre-investment [ph] infrastructure? Could we see maybe a silver lining in that if railroads are focusing more on network efficiency, theyre spending more to offset weak volume trends, any help you can give us into how share volumes versus railroads focus on efficiency plays into your spending for direct sales or aftermarket would be very helpful.
Al Neupaver: Okay, Cleo, as you know, we stated time and time again that our focus as a corporation and really when you look at the 20-year history from back to 1991 when Company was taken private, the focus is on efficiency productivity and safety of the railroads. So, that emphasis by the railroads and globally we think is a compelling trend that will continue on our markets and we will benefit from that. When you look at the actual markets themselves, there is two aspects. One is the railcar build and the other is the volume and the volumes are basically flat and the backlog for railcars although if you look at the backlogs get down on it, 6000 cars, I think a high of 142 to 136 [ph], 100,000, there is a hefty backlog, its going to continue well into beyond 12 months. I dont know if you want to add anything to that Ray.
Ray Betler: I think we know how to manage through the cycle. Thats why we diversified our product brand and thats why we continue to look for opportunities to further diversify it. And operational efficiency is kind of our core focus. So, while customers are looking to improve their operational efficiencies, they reduce costs to leverage technologies. Our focus is to serve them and to support them in doing that. We have the ability to do that through a lot of the installed base that weve already delivered and were working on new product innovations that would be able to further support them. So, we realized, Cleo that you have to continue to improve. Our customers have to continue to improve and a lot of that improvement is cost improvement to reduce our cost structure. So, we -- you have opportunities in that overall initiative.
Cleo Zagrean: Thank you, and my second question relates to Europe. Rail infrastructure investment there trailed investment in roads. With overall infrastructure investments are showing some correlation with the crisis weakening in recent years, now do you expect that to continue like rail sort of betrayal or infrastructure to take a back seat given other political priorities there or can we actually see the opposite case where there is a need for catchup regardless of traffic trends? And if you could remind us the mix of your business between government and private sector railroads would be helpful. Thank you.
Ray Betler: Wow, okay. If you look at the investment in infrastructure, as weve said, there is always temporary Id say a period where you invest more or less but the compelling trend is that if you dont invest in the infrastructure, then the economy cant grow, no matter where its at. So, during crisis periods, you may see a little bit of [ph] pricing but over the long-term, which has always been our focus, youre going to see it grow. So, I think thats answer to your question. When we look at the amount of government spending versus private spending in the rail sector, its different in country to country from territory to territory, but in general, throughout the world, most of the transit businesses are funded by public -- I mean, by government money and municipalities. And I think that there is a similar investment in the freight business as well. Its infrastructure played by the government. I dont know if that answers all of your questions, but I think that generally is how we view those markets.
Cleo Zagrean: I was wondering most of the cities in Europe if we should look at public budgets rather than private traffic trends as the main driver for your opportunities to grow there -- for the market to grow. I know you have the share opportunity.
Ray Betler: I think you have to look at that. Thats the spending. Its not private, its generally public spending. However, again, you cant go very long without spending money on infrastructure. And if you do --
Cleo Zagrean: Appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Willard Milby with BBT Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Willard Milby: Hey, good morning everybody, thanks for taking my call. Just wanted to talk a little bit about I guess mix between freight and transit as we look at revenue growth here. Just kind of as I look at Q2 and Q1 with FX impact the transit, do we kind of expect that to be a good run rate for the second half of this year now that weve lost the Fandstan I guess bump that we saw last year with acquisitions?
Ray Betler: Yeah, I think the run rates is probably going to be indicative of the run rate that transit projects normally average about three years in length. So, you dont see a lot of perturbation on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Willard Milby: All right, great, thanks. And sorry one more here. Back to the SG&A, past several years, we kind of seen a bump in the Q4 SG&A. I didnt know if that was specific to each year having some acquisitions related cause in the matter or there is something else that we just kind of looking back three or four years, it always a pretty significant bump between Q3 and Q4 SG&A. Didnt know if youve had any comment around that.
Ray Betler: Yeah, I dont think there is any correlation that would be pertinent.
Pat Dugan: Yeah, just a little more feedback. I think you do have -- youll end up with full year -- full quarter impact of SG&A due to any kind of midyear acquisition, but we also tend to have some timing of discrete items. Coming to my mind right off the top of the head is some healthcare accruals will come through, things like that but it benefits. Its just really a handful of things that all kind of come through. And then our fourth quarter, we have couple of extra days on the quarter. So, it could be a lot of different things.
Willard Milby: All right, fair enough. And just looking at your organic growth here, I think it was 6.5% in Q1 and 4% this most recent quarter. Are we expecting that kind of low-single digit through remainder of this year or how should we think about organic growth in the remainder of this year as it adds to the 10% revenue target?
Ray Betler: I think on average though, still half of the -- at least half of the growth has come from organic. So, its probably -- and I think growth quarter-on-quarter, if you look at quarter-on-quarter, we were up almost 16%. On a year-to-year basis, I think that 50-50 is probably what well see going forward.
Willard Milby: Okay. So, its still in the upward single digit on that kind of in line with what we saw last year? No slowdown is a relative question.
Ray Betler: Right.
Willard Milby: Okay. All right, those are my questions. Thanks for the time.
Ray Betler: Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Okay, this concludes our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Al Neupaver for any closing remarks.
Al Neupaver: Thank you very much. Well talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wesley  Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Al Neupaver  Executive Chairman Raymond Betler  President and Chief Executive Officer Patrick Dugan  Chief Financial Officer John Mastalerz  Corporate Controller
Analysts: Allison Poliniak  Wells Fargo Justin Long  Stephens Matt Brooklier  Longbow Research Samuel Eisner  Goldman Sachs Scott Group  Wolfe Research Mike Baudendistel  Stifel Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners Tom Albrecht  BB&T Cleo Zagrean  Macquarie
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Wesley: Thank you, Ted, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our 2015 first quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the other Wabtec people on the call. We have Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman; Ray Betler, our President and CEO; our CFO, Pat Dugan; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. Well of course make our prepared remarks and then be happy to take your questions. During the call, we will make our forward-looking statements. So, please review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al, lets get started.
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. We had an excellent operating performance in the first quarter with sales of $819 million and record earnings of $0.99 per diluted share. Our operating margin continued to expand nicely and was at 18.1%. The business is performing well. Thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. Were optimistic and excited about the long-term opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets. These markets are large, theyre global and theyre growing, and we are positioned well to participate in them. Today, we also increased our 2015 guidance. We now expect full year earnings per diluted share to be about $4.10. This is based on sales growth of about 10% for the year. Our guidance has the following assumptions. Modest growth in the global economy, taking into account current conditions in all of our key markets. Top line growth coming mostly from our freight group with about half of that growth coming from organic initiatives. Most of the growth in our transit group will be offset by headwinds from foreign exchange rates. We expect continued operating margin expansion. Our assumption is, there will be no changes in foreign exchange from the current levels that they are today. Tax rate of about 31.5% for the year. As always, well be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost, focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and always ready to respond if market conditions changed. Ray, can you talk a little bit about our current markets and growth strategy.
Raymond Betler: Thanks, Al. Good morning, everyone. Its a pleasure to talk to you about our results and why were optimistic about Wabtecs future. I will start by talking about our freight rail markets. In NAFTA freight rail traffic is was up 1.5% so far this year. Its led by 2.2% increase in intermodal. Coal traffic is up about 3.6%, but all other major categories are increasing. Any growth is positive for our industry, but the growth rates are slower than they were in 2014. So well continue to monitor those for further changes this year. On the OEM side rolling stock deliveries in 2015 should be above the long-term average. We expect about 1300 locomotives to be delivered this year compared to the 1,450 in 2014. The freight car market itself remains strong with a backlog of 140,000 cars at year end, our plan assumes deliveries of about 75,000 this year and an increase of about 12%. Globally, freight traffic is a mix depending on geographical location. In India, were seeing some increases while commodity markets such as Australia and Brazil currently are challenged. We remain focused on increasing our global footprint and our product offerings beyond our traditional NAFTA market. Remember that about 75% of the installed base of locomotives and freight cars are outside of NAFTA. Now if we move to the transit market. In our transit market stability is still the same both here in the U.S. and abroad. In U.S. and Canada, ridership was up about 1% in fourth quarter and for the year. In UK ridership was actually up 6.7% in the most recent quarter and in Germany it was up almost 1% to a record level. This year, were expecting North America transit car deliveries to be higher than last year, while bus deliveries should be about the same as last year. Our pending orders in transit are up significantly, many of which are international. Transit funding in the U.S. is also stable at about $11 billion, thats slightly higher than $10.8 billion last year. And as many of you know, the Obama administration has proposed the six-year transportation bill with a very significant increase in transit funding. However, we dont expect the bill to pass in its present form. Just as with the Freight market, we are focused on global growth and increasing our product offerings because the markets are larger than NAFTA. We estimate the global installed base of transit cars to be about 330,000 with 95% of the fleet outside of NAFTA. Energy prices. As we have discussed on recent calls, we participate in several markets that are affected by oil and gas prices, and also drilling activities. Through acquisitions and organic growth, about 5% of our sales in 2014 were associated with the energy sector. With the price of oil uncertain and maybe more volatile this year, drilling activity has slowed. So we are seeing some headwinds in our markets, and our guidance takes that into account. And we will continue to monitor those market conditions. Long term, we continue to be optimistic about these markets and our opportunities in them. We continue to focus on growth and also cash generation. Our priorities for allocating free cash remain the same. First is to fund international growth programs including capital expense. Second is to fund acquisitions, third is to return money to the shareholders through both dividends and stock buybacks. We didnt purchase any additional shares in Q1 due to very small trading window. We have about $175 million left in our $200 million buyback authorization. We do remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing costs, by driving down working capital, and controlling capital expenditures. Our corporate strategic objectives, which are focused on growth remain the same, global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new product development, and acquisitions. So, lets talk about our progress in these four areas. Global and market expansion, in the quarter, sales outside of the U.S. were $401 million, about half of our total sales versus one-third five years ago. Some markets are currently challenged due to low commodity prices, but we continue to win orders outside of NAFTA. For instance, draft gears for freight in India; brake systems and relays for metro cars in China; in Saudi Arabia, various freight car components; shoe gear in Singapore through [indiscernible] and locomotive compressors and radiators in Africa. Aftermarket expansion. Overall, aftermarket sales were $517 million, about 63% of our total sales. This growth is due to acquisitions and also internal growth initiatives. Recent orders include Fandstan and one in order to overhaul current collection equipment with the London Underground. And we continue to explore various opportunities throughout the PTC market. In a new product development area, we have focused significantly on internal development projects. PTC is probably the one that is most familiar. PTC related sales came in a little bit over $90 million in this quarter with about $10 million of that from Railroad Controls, an acquisition we completed in early February. Our PTC sales this year could be about 15% to 20% on  depending on the phase pace of orders from railroads and transit agencies. Electronic-controlled braking is another new product in our  in the headlines recently. The FRA is expected to announce new roles for tank cars next month in ECP as they mentioned as a potential requirement. We certainly have the sufficient capacity and capability to respond any even that ECP would be mandated and were prepared to do so. Were seeing good initial results from our field test in oil-free compressor area. On the acquisition side, our pipeline continues to be active and were pleased with the opportunities weve been presented. During the first quarter, we acquired Railroad Controls, the integration of which is going extremely well and were already seeing some significant new project opportunities through RCL. Defense and integration also continues to progress well. We have many new revenue opportunities as a result of our combination with Fandstan and were working on programs to improve their cost structure. So with that, Ill turn it over to Pat for some comments on our quarterly results.
Patrick Dugan: Thanks, Ray and good morning, everybody. Sales for the first quarter were $819 million, which is 18% higher than last years quarter. This includes a negative impact from foreign exchange rates of roughly $39 million or about 5%. Of our reported increase for the quarter, 25% was organic growth. Looking at the segment sales, our freight sales increased 33%, mainly organic growth from increases in our electronics and our freight car components and also from acquisitions. Our Transit segment sales decreased 1% due to a number of elements, the changes in FX rates, the completion of certain locomotive contracts included in the Transit segment a year ago. If you excluded the impact of FX, the transit sales would have actually been up 8% mostly due to acquisitions. For 2015, we expect to see revenues increase in our Freight segment while the Transit segment is expected to be about flat again due to the dampening effect of FX offset by acquisition revenue. For the quarter, our operating income was a record $148 million or 18% sales. Again FX had a negative impact on the operating income of about $5 million, which  and that reduced our margin percentage by about 60 basis points. In 2014, our first quarter operating margin was 17.5% and we finished the year at 17.3%. So we have continued to find ways to improve despite these FX headwinds. Interest expense for the quarter was about $4.3 million and thats the same as the year ago quarter. I just wanted to take a minute and talk a little bit about how FX impacts our results and we have three areas that we review. The first is our transactions in projects, in foreign currencies. The second is the translational of non-cash foreign currency accounts and that impact is recorded in our other expense and income line of the income statement. And third, just a simple consolidation or translation of the results in foreign currencies into U.S. dollars. For this quarter included in the other expense and income line of the income statement is an expense of about $2.9 million for the quarter and that is non-cash foreign currency translation losses on balance sheet account. As for transactions and project exposure to foreign currency exchange, weve  we feel like, we have natural hedges in place and to the extent that we might have an exposure. Weve mitigated with forward hedges. And lastly, I just want to point out, that the consolidation of our local results in foreign currency. Weve considered that effect in our FX guidance and using todays FX rates our sales guidance for the rest of the year is negatively impacted by about $125 million and a corresponding effect on the earnings and this is all mainly due to the euro and the pound currency exchange. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.9% versus 31.7% in the year ago quarter. We expect the annual rate to be about 31.5%. And Ill just remind you everyone that, this is an annual forecast and the quarters will have some variability due timing of any discrete items. Moving to our balance sheet, our working capital  and we had a good result, the trade and unbilled receivables were $666 million. Our inventories were $516 million and payables were $381 million. The unbilled receivables components are related to long-term contracts, where we need to hit certain project milestones before we are able to bill for the work. During the quarter, we continued to reduce the unbilled receivables from $188 million at the end of 2014 to $170 million, and we expect to continue to improve and make progress this year. Also I want to point out that, there is offsetting this unbilled balance is a customer deposit balance was stood at a $107 million at the end of the quarter. Our cash at March was $249 million, mostly held outside the United States. At the end of the year of 2014, we have $426 million. Our debt at the end of March was $421 million compared to $521 million at year end. In our cash flow, we generated $44 million for the quarter compared to $26 million for the year ago quarter, and we expect that to continue as the year goes on. Just a couple of miscellaneous items just to help with your questions. Our depreciation for the quarter was $10.3 million, compared to $8.9 million in the year ago quarter. Amortization was $5.3 million, compared to $4.7 million, and our CapEx for the quarter was $8.5 million versus $6.3 million a year ago. For the year, we expect to have capital expenditures of roughly $60 million. Some backlog information, at March 31, our multi-year backlog was $2.2 billion, transit accounted for $1.3 billion and freight about $900 million. Some of the decrease in the year-end was due to changes in FX rates, which reduced the backlog by about $35 million. Our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multi-year backlog was about $1.4 billion, transit was about $610 million and freight about $823 million. The total backlog figures dont include about $375 million of contract options that are not counted in backlog until the customer exercises them. So with that, Ill turn it over to Al.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Were prepared to answer any questions you have, but to summarize before hand, once again, we had a good performance in the quarter. As we look at the rest of the year, we have ongoing challenges like everyone else that includes the global economic uncertainty and FX headwinds. But as we stated, based on our first quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the year, weve increased our guidance to $4.10 and on revenue growth of about 10%. We are extremely pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities that we see. As weve stated before, we continue to benefit from our strong team of employees and management, our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. With that again, well be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Our first question comes today from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Hi guys. Good morning.
Raymond Betler: Good morning, Al.
Patrick Dugan: Hey, Al.
Allison Poliniak: Just touching on the outlook, obviously EPS raise, you kept the revenue guidance the same, even though freight was much stronger. Should I just take into the account sort of the FX headwinds getting greater for you, is there something on the organic side there?
Raymond Betler: What we might do is, maybe Pat could explain how FX, FX are  our revenue and our results, but if you look at the rest of the year, its about a $125 million headwind as Pat said. And in the quarter, we had headwinds of about 39. So as you could see the, the amount going forward is still pretty large. Why dont you explain how you get averages that affects the current quarter and forward as were using the spot rate.
Patrick Dugan: Right. Well, just simply then  in the historical results, were using an average of the rates. And so, as youve seen these FX exchange rates decline throughout the quarter, we would have obviously reflect that in our top-line sales, in our results. So when we estimate going forward, were assuming that essentially today is the best guide of where well be for the remainder of the year. And so if you just simply take the revenue forecasts and plan for the rest of the year using todays exchange rate. Youre going to end up with a dampening effect from the top line and then obviously a reduced EBIT for the year.
Allison Poliniak: Okay, great. And then just on positive train control, it seems like you are increasing your outlook for growth in that area, but just any impact with the obvious potential extension here on the deadline, are people changing their buying habits there?
Raymond Betler: No. I think, Allison its  obviously the deadline wasnt going to be met. So, its  its  honestly, its pretty much business as usual. I think the Railroads are all trying to as hard as they can to implement BTC and there are some that are further ahead than others. Commuter agencies are still in very much in a catch up mode, some havent even started, because they dont have funding. Others are underway. And we have a little bit of what pickup here with RCL now. RCL was  will also generate BTC revenues and thats why we think well be up somewhere around 15% to 20% this year.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Long with Stephens.
Justin Long: Thanks. Good morning guys and congrats on the quarter.
Raymond Betler: Thank you.
Patrick Dugan: Thanks, Justin.
Justin Long: I wanted to follow up first on a question on PTC as well. At some point, PTC will be wholly installed in North America, but do you think that other PTC-related opportunities can help you avoid a cliff scenario in this revenue at some point down the line. I know youve talked about aftermarket, youve talked about international opportunities, but maybe if you could give some more color on the developments youve made with new products where youve made with new products where you could leverage that PTC installed base that would be helpful?
Raymond Betler: Let me take that. If you look at PTC and you try to estimate how much is done now today. And there is a report out that  I think its put out by the AAOR and it talks about where theyre at. And what they feel that theyve done, theyve spent about $5 million out of potentially $9 billion  $5 billion out of $9 billion of cost. And theyve only have equipped about 60% of the required locomotives with either a full PTC capability or partial. And from a revenue standpoint, that probably means theyre less than 50% along the way. Only half of the required wayside units have been deployed and about a third of the antennas and a third of the radios. So, the  for the freight railroads, there is a long way to go, and up to this point, weve reported revenues between $900 billion and a $1 billion, half of which was related to freight. So, theres still quite a ways for the freight to go. If you look at the transit market for PTC, theres only a few transit agencies that are really that far long. And out of the 20 plus agencies that are going to be required to have some form of PTC, theres only a few of them that have progressed that far and some of them were still not under firm contract with these agencies. So, theres potential there. On the international basis, we continue net  international represents about 25% of what weve  revenues that weve reported, the other 25 would be transit, but on the international front, we will be finishing up our MRS project in Brazil. Were talking to a number of railroads about the future potential projects, this project becomes I think a great example of what could be done with the railroad, and the advantages that theyre getting, I think other railroads that will  it will open up their eyes. And I think internationally, we still have a long way to go. And that said, thats just the implementations that were talking about. And as youve mentioned in your question, there is an opportunity, when we got a service this installed base. And as the installed base gets larger, I mean, some of these units have been out there since 2008. So were already upgrading and servicing some of this installed base that will create continuous revenue. The other thing that we focus on, we want to make this a total business over time and thats by taking what we now have is a computer onboard and using that computer to help with the, not only the safety, but also the efficiency and productivity of the railroads by adding enhancements. So whether that would be throttle control, fuel management, movement management, data acquisition, messaging, processing, interfacing with the dispatch and back-office servers, so using it for health monitoring of the trains. So there is just a merit myriad of things that were working on to grow this into a business model. I think that we have obviously have a business plan and a model, which we are really not ready to share other than the general statements I made, but this will be a continuous business and growth opportunity for us, as we go forward.
Justin Long: Thats really helpful Al, thats great color and I guess the follow-up on. Some of the items that you listed and products that you listed, you could integrate into the system. Given the rails are very focused right now in North America on improving velocity on the networks, getting service back to normal levels. Are you seeing more demand from the rails for those types of products and you listed a few things, but at what point should we expect to see a benefit from some of these products, that be integrated into the PTC system. Is this something, we could see this year, is it next year, some kind of timeframe might be helpful.
Raymond Betler: I think the  somewhere its already been done. And I know that a lot of the railroads are already applying throttle control and getting some  seeing some advantages there. Theres other work on other enhancements. We will not be the supplier of all enhancements. However the computer will be the central brain of that operation, so well have to have some kind of interface with some of these things and we are working on a number of these enhancements ourselves, I think the railroads are doing it as they can. They still have a monumental task to complete and get the safety plan approved by the FRA in the time period that theyre talking about. They are all honestly, earnestly working and as you know there is probably three versions or four versions of bills that are in the Senate that would extend the deadline. So we expect to, thats going to have to clear itself up by the end of the year. But I think everyones still working hard to try to get a complete and at the same time, if we could integrate some of these enhancements, I see a great willingness and openness to look and evaluate everyone of them by the Railroads.
Justin Long: Okay, great. And last question just to clarify something on the foreign exchange impact. Pat, you mentioned the $125 million revenue headwind this year. The EPS headwind you are assuming, I know before it was $0.10, is it fair to say thats closer to $0.12 to $0.13 now?
Patrick Dugan: Yeah, I think thats fair. Its been, you obviously  this  the exchange is month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter or it could  it will adjust. But thats probably about right.
Justin Long: Okay.
Timothy Wesley: And just to clarify, this is Tim. The 125, thats for the remainder of the year. So, we had 39 in the first quarter. 125 is for the remainder of the year. So the full year impact is larger than just 125.
Justin Long: Got it, thats helpful. But still the $0.12 to $0.13 EPS impacted fair for  is that for the full year or for the remainder of the year?
Raymond Betler: Thats going forward.
Timothy Wesley: Thats the remainder.
Raymond Betler: Yeah.
Justin Long: Okay. Okay, great. Thanks so much for the time today, guys.
Timothy Wesley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Longbow Research.
Matt Brooklier: Hey, thanks. Good morning. So I just wanted to circle back to transit and revenue being probably a little lighter than we had anticipated. Are you able to kind of rank during the quarter, what the headwinds, how much of the revenue, maybe shortfall was related to FX. How much of it was related to, I guess the timing of contracts and then if there is anything else in the quarter that may be was a greater headwind than you had anticipated. If you could give us some color on that?
Al Neupaver: Okay. As we reported, and I think both Pat and Ray, and maybe Ray you could add some color to the actual numbers here. But with Transit flat year-on-year basically is $3 million down. If you look at FX year-on-year about almost $30 million of that was negative. And from acquisitions was a plus 60. The other major impact was we had a large contract that we completed in the first quarter of 2014 for the locomotives that we delivered. I think Pat mentioned that in his comments. That was about the $50 million contract that we completed and difference between quarter-on-quarter. So, if you look at Transit year-on-year and you adjust it for all those impacts, we would have been down about 11%. And if you adjust for that contract, wed be slightly up. And thats why going forward, especially with the  and if you look at the 125 FX that were considering as a headwind going forward, a lot of that is in Transit because of the fact that this is a more  theyre more international than they are  than we are here in the States. So we except to see those headwinds continue. The other thing that we mentioned was  we have a larger pending order backlog than we had in our previous quarter and that back  pending backlogs probably higher by about a $100 million, and what that entails is some options that we cant include in the backlog and also some notices to proceed without a signed contract. And a lot of those are transit related. So I think, I gave some color maybe, Ray, you could talk a little bit of more about the transit markets.
Raymond Betler: Yeah. Without getting into too much detail, Matt. We have, really we have orders in transit and pending orders, as Al said around the world. We have a pretty significant order, we just picked-up, but it takes a while, you go from  the way it works in transit, normally you get a notice to proceed. You get a letter of intent before you get a final contract. So you basically get a notice to proceed to start working on the contract and for instance, just to give you an example. We have large order for a class of vehicles to overhaul class of vehicles in UK. We have a notice to proceed on that, were still, so were actually starting to work on that. Were investing some capital equipment to support that order. That order hasnt actually been signed yet, the final contract, and when it is, it will be booked and it will be a long-term order, like most of these three years, four years, five years. We have the similar situation in South Africa. We have one in Singapore. So there is a lot of orders that are in pipeline that are going to come to fruition. We are in a similar situation in China. I just got back from China and we have a couple of orders there that are in the same exact state. So, and all these have FX impacts. So I think in a transit side of the business, the transit market is five plus times bigger outside the U.S. than it is in international. Were picking up orders internationally as weve said in previous calls and were dealing with economic environment in those regions.
Raymond Betler: Yeah. Obviously Id like to add one of the things that weve always talked about the strength of our business model is the diversity of our business model. And that we feel that it is very important to have a good transit business, because we view it as being counter cyclic to demands. And right now, as everyone knows, there is a strong freight market and were definitely in position to take advantage of that opportunity. But at the same time, were also working hard to fill up our pipeline with projects on the transit side to support us, when were realistic, weve realized, there is going to be a downturn somewhere along the line. And were preparing our business model to support and work as best as we can through any change that happens.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, helpful. And then oil and gas exposure, I think, its about 5% of your total revenue. Just curious to hear your thoughts on kind of what you saw in the quarter and if the headwinds that you did experience, if that was also in line with your expectations or if that fluctuated from what you had anticipated as we went through first quarter?
Raymond Betler: Yeah. The oil and gas business impacts, our record business, it impacts to some extent our heat exchanger business. And were, as I said in my comments, were monitoring changes there, its not a big impact on our business and we kind of anticipate the business as usual in that market sector.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then just one last question, Al, of the $900 billion of PTC revenue that youve generated thus far, can you talk to how much of that right is being or has been derived from either aftermarket or services, and kind of your thoughts going forward on how much that could contribute?
Al Neupaver: Yeah. Keep in mind, a lot of  we cant really answer your question precisely. But whenever we put the PTC equipment on other than new locomotive, we do classify that as aftermarket, and we havent really quantified for you all what our aftermarket revenue generated today. Maybe thats something we could look at into the future. I think its important to point out that, of that $900 million to a $1 billion there, thats not  some of that is installation and not an installed base. So an installed base is some fraction of that number as well. And I think its important to point that out.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, helpful. I appreciate the time.
Operator: The next question comes from Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs.
Samuel Eisner: Yeah, good morning, everyone.
Raymond Betler: Good morning, Sam.
Samuel Eisner: On the 60 basis points of year-on-year margin expansion, is there a way to parse out what is the driver of this? Obviously freight is growing faster than transit. So it seems like there is a good amount of mix benefit there. But just want to understand productivity savings, pricing gains, anything of that nature that you can help us kind of bucket out these  the margin expansion on a year-on-year basis?
Al Neupaver: Yeah. One thing Sam though we only talk about mix when its negative. When its positive, we just take  we say, its because of our good operating capabilities. So, I think its across the Board. There is no specific item. I think its continued effort by Ray and his entire team to focus on margin improvement. As you point out though and you have more sales as a percentage in freight than in transit. Youre going to have the mix effect thats positive. So,  and I think that there is another positive that happens when you look at FX and more of the transit is affected more by FX. So, again, its a same thing with the margin. So there is a positive impact from that. But I think there is a lot more there to have that kind of margin improvement, really takes a focus on continues improvement, which were just not going to quit, were going to continue.
Raymond Betler: And maybe Sam just real quickly. So weve talked in the past about the different business counsels we have in all of our key business areas they are on process of consultancy across our corporation. So, there is productivity improvements, the continuous improvements that were focused on in each of our key business processes across the business. We also, across the corporations, we also have the continual portion or Wabtec Performance System, our lean process, so we have expectations for improvements, their cost efficiencies and we have the sourcing savings. We have the cost of core quality initiatives that we talked about in the past. Lets just take this [indiscernible] oil question and map them out a minute ago. So we anticipate the challenges in those businesses that I mentioned, the rubber business for instance. So we dont just let the downturn in the market happen and we react to it are proactive, we are taking costs out of our rubber businesses. So we have targeted initiatives that were addressing that put part of base in the market. So we have corporate wide uniform programs that were addressing overall productivity improvements, operational efficiency and costs and then very specific programs in the areas, that we anticipate is going to be changes downturns in our business. So restructuring headcount reductions, all those things, we are reacting in a proactive way as we anticipate that changes in the market.
Samuel Eisner: And just a follow-up on that, relating to Fandstan, I think for those that were able to that event. I think we saw, there was a lot of I guess opportunities within Fandstan. Can you just maybe give us an update of where potential improvements in working capital dynamics or even the cost structure of Fandstan stand?
Raymond Betler: Weve had already a lot of significant improvements in Fandstan business. Karl-Heinz, Colmer and Michael Bruneau who will lead that organization and Group Exec and Head of Fandstan have really done a tremendous job in those areas. Just bringing those business together to collaborate in product development areas as well as customer delivery areas. We also have initiatives in place to rationalize product lines to move production to lower cost countries, so there is, there was no commonality in the sourcing organization [indiscernible] for thats then put in place. So there is a lot of very specific actions that have been taken.
Samuel Eisner: Got it, thats helpful and then if you think about the backlog and I think if you breakdown the orders in that backlog, it seems as though that the freight orders for the past two quarters have actually declined on a sequential basis, so I was just curious if you can give some context behind what you are seeing on the ground within the freight segment in regards to your levels. On a sequential basis the backlog now is down from a $1 billion last quarter to now $900 million, its back to third quarter level. So I just want to understand how orders are trending within the freight segment?
Al Neupaver: Yeah, I think the freight segment, there is a lot of competition there, and, maybe there is a small change, but we dont anticipate at least in a short term any significant changes, were still picking up a lot of business on the freight side and there is lot of discussions going on the freight side so.
Raymond Betler: Yeah, and it might point out. We are seeing the, the headwinds from the international commodity pricing. So that is a negative impact and those typically have a longer lead time. So if you look at the U.S. freight market, we truly dont get a lot of visibility beyond couple of weeks to deliver something. So I think, the only change or impact that I think might be real is the fact that, as you know, the demand for commodities, iron ore, coal and such from Brazil, Australia, South Africa are down, and I think some of thats reflected in what youre seeing, Sam.
Samuel Eisner: I will hop back in queue. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Raymond Betler: Hi, Scott.
Scott Group: So, Im not sure you said this or not, but the 10% revenue growth for the year. Whats the latest thought on what freights up and what transits up within that?
Raymond Betler: Let me see whether if I understand your question. We said that freight was going to carry almost all of the 10% and half of that would be from acquisitions. The other half from internal growth. And if youre asking how much of the FX is associated with freight and transit, is that what youre asking, Scott? I did...
Scott Group: No, I guess  that would help too and youve kind of answered the first part of the question, but yes, you have  how much of that $120 million of FX from here is transit versus freight?
Raymond Betler: I dont have that in front of me, maybe someone else does, but I think a majority  by majority I mean greater than two thirds would be transit, the other third or so would be freight. Is that about right, Pat?
Patrick Dugan: I think thats right. I think youd have to do a little more analysis, but I think over two thirds of it is going to be in the transit segment.
Scott Group: Okay. So youve got currency a bigger headwind than we  than you thought initially and probably some of the energy markets and rail volumes doing worse than people thought, whats the offset here thats doing better than you thought to even keep the revenue guidance unchanged?
AlNeupaver: I think that our performance in the first quarter really is a strong reflection of our business model and that weve got a lot of tailwinds associated with the headwinds and the fact that we could manage our business because it is diverse and we keep focusing on the things that we could control. We cant control the FX, but we sure, we can control, how we fill the pipeline, how we fill the backlog. Right now, freight especially in North America is strong and there is a lot of activity around, trying to meet the deadline on the train control, which  that should continue as we progress forward. So I think that those kind of things are very positive and its really related to our business model and the diversity that we have.
Scott Group: Okay. And then maybe last question again for you, Al. So the currency is a headwind, but the weaker euro presents, present some opportunities, right, because you were to do acquisitions in Europe, theyre cheaper today than they would have been. Do you think about that as a driving factor of a deal that youd like to do that maybe makes more sense today than it did six months ago or a year ago?
Al Neupaver: Its not of the major factor. I mean, we look at deals on the basis of strategic fit and secondly we are  you got to be opportunistic. So, I think that it really doesnt change our view, being more aggressive or less aggressive. There is more activity in the acquisition area. The pipeline is pretty active right now and it is more competitive than it was a year, two years ago. So we continue to one of the opportunistic and keep our pipeline full and active in the acquisition arena.
Timothy Wesley: And sellers are smart enough to adjust for FX too, so, I am going to take that into account.
Scott Group: Okay. All right. Thank you, guys.
Timothy Wesley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Baudendistel with Stifel.
Mike Baudendistel: Thank you. I just wanted to ask you, I was intrigued by your comments that you have plenty of capacity on ECP to ramp that up if need be, if thats part of the safety regulations. If you had discussions with Tim, so that lead you to believe that there is going to be likely be part of the upcoming safety regulations?
Timothy Wesley: We have no indication, we dont  were in the total dark as to whats the regulation like probably everyone else at this point.
Mike Baudendistel: Okay.
Timothy Wesley: And from the capacity standpoint, I just want to remind everyone, I mean, last time I gave a little review on ECP, I just want to remind everyone, I mean, we have, there is greater than 40,000 units out there, that are operating around the world right now and those have been shipped over the years, so its not.
Raymond Betler: And Mike, we did not say that we expect ECP to be part of regulation, as a matter of fact we expect it not to be, and we havent anticipated in the guidance. So all were saying is, if a decision is made where a position effectively to support our customers, thats basically the message.
Mike Baudendistel: Great. Great. Thanks. Thanks for that clarity. And then also wanted to ask related to the other question on acquisition opportunities. Does the lower energy prices at all set up better acquisition prices around the world, just related to energy specifically?
Raymond Betler: We havent, I havent really thought about that and I havent measured it, but my guess would say that its probably has not created any opportunities, because its not, as you know, its only 5% of our business. I think not, but I didnt really have to think about that a little bit more.
Mike Baudendistel: Okay, great. Those are the only questions. Thank you.
Raymond Betler: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Liam Burke with Wunderlich.
Mike Baudendistel: Thank you. With the stronger dollar, are you seeing any pricing competition outside the U.S. on pending deals?
Raymond Betler: We havent seen much of it. I cant say that its non-existent, but it has not been a major factor up to this point.
Mike Baudendistel: Okay. And Pat, you highlighted the $60 million in CapEx this year. Are there any specific projects that you can highlight outside of PTC or ECP that are going to that are on the front burner for higher than average return?
Patrick Dugan: We have a couple  we have a couple really good projects going through right now. One is associated with expanding our friction business. The friction business, Ive talked a lot about is it relates to new technology, because sometimes people dont really think about that as a high tech area, but it really is, and so we have a very significant investment in Europe in that area as one example.
Mike Baudendistel: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Kristine Kubacki with Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Raymond Betler: Good morning.
Kristine Kubacki: Most of my questions have been answered, so on the fly. Ray you talked a little bit, that you just got back all the way from China and a little bit about a new order there. Can you talk a little bit about whats going on the ground there and whats, what your longer term strategy is in that market?
Raymond Betler: Yeah it depends on how much time you have Kristine for discussion. But let me give you just highlights. Its really pretty dynamic situation that China always is, but in particular right now because CNR and CSR are being merged together into a new sort of mega transportation organization called CRC. That company is being merged basically to be able to focus now internationally, to compete internationally. They already essentially dominate the entire market within China. We supply into them, in several different areas. We set up a JV for Brake Bright Systems for instance and the order I was referring to was, new order for metro rake system to be supplied through CRC. We also mentioned in an earlier call that the Chinese in this case, it will see NR1, in order, we are selected, little better, bigger for an order in Boston. We believe, we have a good opportunity to supply the major subsystems for that people, vehicles. We have couplers on vehicles that are being supplied into Brazil, Argentina. We have break systems that are being supplied for locomotives in China. Those are all companies associated with this mega Company CRC. So we met with obviously all of our businesses, but we also met with the customers over there. They have pretty aggressive strategies in place and plans to grow their share worldwide and I think it will be interesting to see how that evolves. There focus is, lets say on the [indiscernible] they are on other parts of the world.
Kristine Kubacki: Okay. Thats very helpful. And then just my last question, on the non-rail piece of the business, can you remind us what percentage of your total business that is and kind of ex-oil and gas that you talked about that at length, how is that business doing?
Raymond Betler: Our industrial business, we refer to our industrial businesses, nominal portion. Its about 15% of our overall business. And we are seeing headwinds from on the oil and gas, but the other parts of the business there kind of flat a little bit under pressure.
Kristine Kubacki: Okay. So, thats helpful. Thank you very much guys. I appreciate the time.
Raymond Betler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Albrecht with BB&T.
Thomas Albrecht: Hi, guys.
Raymond Betler: Hello.
Thomas Albrecht: Good morning, everyone. I wanted to just clarify a couple of questions from earlier on, I dont remember, if it was Pat or who, but when youre talking about organic growth was 25% of the total, I wasnt sure if that was 25% of your consolidated revenue growth or if you were talking about within freight, which grew 32% and 25% of that was organic and only 7% acquisitions, is that the way you meant that?
Patrick Dugan: Yes. The 25% was looking at the total  the total sales for the quarter and the 33% was in the specifics of the freight area. But then the rest of the change is going to be a net of acquisition and FX and other impacts.
Thomas Albrecht: So freight is much more organic, is that what youre saying?
Patrick Dugan: Yes the growth is from existing businesses and not  just when you go and do a comparison of period-over-period, you dont have as much of an impact of acquisitions in the freight area.
Raymond Betler: If you adjust for FX and acquisitions on freight...
Thomas Albrecht: Yes.
Raymond Betler: ...15, is plus 27%.
Thomas Albrecht: Okay, okay. And then Im assuming that the SG&A which was quite a bit lower than what I was looking for, is also impacted by the FX. But do you have some thoughts on that, just for the second quarter, Pat?
Patrick Dugan: Yes. So we were  when you do a comparison to the fourth quarter its lower than the fourth, but that really comes down to some discrete items. We have  we will have some items related to compensation or benefits that one quarter versus another will be a little higher, a little lower than they were in a comparison but when you look at a kind of run rate for your model, I think were right around that about an $88 million to $90 million per quarter and I think thats the guidance we gave the last call and I think thats a good number to work with going forward.
Thomas Albrecht: Okay. Yes thats what weve been modeling. So the discrete was just incredibly more discretionary I think is ultimately what youre saying.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. I mean we get impacted by like I said compensation, healthcare costs, those kind of go up and down but  so we tend to look at on a full year basis and I think that guidance would be good.
Thomas Albrecht: Okay. And let me see here, okay thats all Ive got. Thank you very much.
Patrick Dugan: Thanks, Tom.
Raymond Betler: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Cleo Zagrean with Macquarie.
Cleo Zagrean: Good morning, and thank you for your patience and also for your insight into project wins and the foreign currency impact. Im following up on the couple of prior questions. On currency  on Scotts question, can you help us understand again the drivers of your improved view ex-currency since last quarter, since youre able now to raise guidance despite the higher FX headwind, is it the areas hit by foreign exchange that are growing stronger than you expected at the end of last call  last quarter or is the U.S. thats performing above the expectations free transit, productivity improvement, anything you can help us understand and move on from here on a mix foreign currency basis? Thank you.
Raymond Betler: Cleo the  I think weve said and Ill reemphasize it a little bit here is that, the freight markets in North America are obviously strong and helping us drive that top line growth. We also are getting the benefit of growth in our new product area. Some of which, majority of it is PTC-related. And thirdly is the growth of the acquisitions, its accounted for, I think we just pointed out about 75% of the total growth for the quarter. So I think those are probably the best thing that we have going for is, from the growth standpoint, is that the answer to your question, Cleo?
Cleo Zagrean: Yes, yes, that is very helpful. To just focus us on the biggest drivers.
Raymond Betler: Right.
Cleo Zagrean: And to follow-up on acquisitions, you did mention and the pipeline remains active even as the competition is also intense, where do you see the most promising opportunities if you can go into any detail as to freight versus transit, U.S. versus ex-U.S., any detail to help us understand how...
Raymond Betler: Yes.
Cleo Zagrean:  [Indiscernible] at this point going forward?
Raymond Betler: Its the whole universe of opportunities that weve really  we must remain solid on what were working on, because none of which, nothing you cant on anything until its completed. And so what I will say is, were pretty active. Were very active right now on a number of areas and hopefully well be able to have something, we could report on to you shortly.
Al Neupaver: Yes. What we can say is, as we have opportunities in every one of our market sectors and there is more opportunities and we have capacity to pursue. So we have a very disciplined process that we go through to funnel those opportunities and prioritize on them and we have some really good ones, were focused on right now.
Cleo Zagrean: Can you go may be into a little bit of detail as to what creates these opportunities, I mean, is it that bigger companies looking to sell out of private equity, shops for just growth overall, what drives opportunities now versus lets say the prior year?
Raymond Betler: I think weve always had good opportunities anyway for  I have been with Wabtec almost seven years, Cleo and I dont  I mean it goes up and down a little bit, the strength of our pipeline, but I dont ever recall...
Patrick Dugan: The only factor that is just common sense, I mean, I think everyone realizes that people want to sell when things are good, and there is a list and a rising where they stay good otherwise they dont maximize the value of what theyre offering to the marketplace. So thats why you would see a peak in the middle of the recession on the downturn there obviously is less opportunities going to be presented at that time and what is presented at times are normally things that you wouldnt want because theyre in distress.
Cleo Zagrean: Appreciate it very much. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs.
Samuel Eisner: Hi, guys. Just a quick follow-up here on free cash flow. So it seems like you have pretty good free cash flow on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter. What is your expectation for free cash flow as a percentage of net income this year, and then if you could comment about free cash flow in the face of transactions, in particular are you looking at only proprietary or private transactions or is there anything in the public domain that has sparked your interest? Thanks.
Raymond Betler: Yes, the second question we cant answer. The first question is that obviously from a cash standpoint the one thing that were really focused on is having our cash flow generated from our operations to exceed our net income and thats something that I think that we are very focused on repeating that after last year we had a year-on-year. Obviously, come up a little short on that in the first quarter because some of the items  discrete items that it had some kind of seasonality with it, but the overall goal is still to do that.
Samuel Eisner: Thanks.
Raymond Betler: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Raymond Betler: Again, we want to thank you for your continued support, questions and we look forward to talking to you, again. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Wesley  Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Al Neupaver  Executive Chairman Ray Betler  Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Pat Dugan  Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Justin Long  Stephens Scott Group  Wolfe Research Matt Brooklier  Longbow Research Thom Albrecht  BB&T Capital Markets Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review Mike Baudendistel  Stifel Nicolaus Samuel Eisner  Goldman Sachs Liam Burke  Wunderlich Securities
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtecs Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our 2014 fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. Here with me are Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman, our President and CEO; Ray Betler, Pat Dugan, our CFO; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. Well make our prepared remarks as usual and then we will be happy to take your questions. During the call, of course, well make forward-looking statements. So we ask that you to please review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers. With that, Ill turn it over to Al?
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning everyone. We had an excellent operating performance in the fourth quarter with record sales, earnings and cash flow from operations. As a result of this strong finish to the year, we also posted full year records for those metrics, and we ended the year with a record backlog of about $2.3 billion. In particular, our cash generation was excellent in 2014 with cash flow from operations at $472 million for the year exceeding that income by a $120 million. We also continued a very important streak. Wabtec finished 2014 is the only company in North America and any exchange who is here in stock price has increased to 14 consecutive years. The business is performing well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives, our dedicated employees, and the power of our Wabtec performance system. We are optimistic and excited about the long-term growth opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets, which are being driven by compelling trends around the world. Today, we also issued our 2015 guidance. We expect full year earnings per diluted share to be about $4.5 with sales growth of about 10% for the year. This was driven by prior acquisitions and internal growth. Our EPS guidance is about 12% higher than our 2014 results. Our guidance assumes the following; modest growth in the global economy taking into account current conditions in all of our key markets. Top-line growth in both segments with freight growing a little faster than transit, our freight growth will come with about 50% of it from organic initiatives, while in transit about two-thirds of its growth will come from prior acquisitions. Our guidance also assumes continued operating margin expansion and it assumes no changes in foreign exchange rates from the current level. The impact on 2015 guidance from foreign exchange rates is about $100 million in revenue and that has an impact of about $0.10 on EPS. Our tax rate of about 31.5% for the year. We assume no major disruptions from the labor situation at the West Coast ports and it does include the acquisition of railroad controls which we just completed two weeks ago. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling costs. Were going to stay tremendously focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond if market conditions change. With that, Id like to turn it over to our President and CEO, Ray Betler. Ray?
Ray Betler: Good morning everyone. Its pleasure to talk to about our 2014 results and why we are optimistic about Wabtecs future. The optimism starts with our key markets, which remain compelling as these markets mainly freight, rail and passenger transit, are large, global and growing. According to the UNIFE study, the worldwide global addressable rail market exceeds $100 billion with annual growth of about 3%. One common theme around the world is that customers are focused on improving safety, productivity and efficiency and Wabtec plays an important role in all of these. The markets are also compelling because an efficient transit system and robust infrastructure are essential to global economic growth in both developed and emerging countries. Also driving global investment are secular trend such as urbanization, energy evolution and increase environmental awareness. In NAFTA, freight rail traffic was up 4.4% in 2014 that was led by a 5.4% increase in intermodal. And so far this year traffic is up 4.5%. So it still remains strong. In fact, all but one traffic category is up this year including crude by rail. As a result, OEM rolling stock deliveries in 2015 should be strong and above the long-term average. We expect about 1,300 locomotives to be delivered this year, compared to about 1,450 last year. And the freight car market our strategies to be strong with deliveries up about 70,000, 60,000 in 2014 and a backlog of more than 140,000 and our plans in 2015 assume 75,000. Globally, freight traffic is somewhat mixed, depending on the geographical market. With increases in countries such as India and Germany decreases in countries and regions like UK and Russia. As you know we are focused on increasing our global footprint and product offerings, where we see opportunities in markets that a larger than our traditional NAFTA markets. The global installed base for locomotives exceed 120,000, the global installed base for freight cars is more than 5 million with about 75% of those vehicles outside of NAFTA. Transit, stability is still the theme in our transit markets both in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S. ridership was up 1% in the third quarter and was up 1.4% in Canada, in the UK ridership was up 4.4%, in the most recent quarter or India sales slight decrease of about 1%. This year, were expecting North America transit car deliveries to be higher than they were last year and bus deliveries to be about the same. Transit funding in the U.S. is also stable at about $11 billion slightly higher than $7.8 billion last year. The Obama administration recently proposed a six year transportation bill with the segment that is focused on transit funding increases. But we dont expect to build to past discussed represented in its present form. Just as with freight, were focused on global growth and increasing our product offerings because the markets for outside of NAFTA larger. We estimate that the global installed base for transit cars, worldwide, to be about 330,000 with about 95% of those vehicles outside of NAFTA. Energy prices, we participate in share markets in our affective by oil and gas prices in drilling activities. Through, we are positions inorganic growth about 5% of our sales in 2014 or in the energy sector. With the price of oil much lower more about 2015, drilling activity has slowed and so we expect to see some headwinds in those markets. Todays guidance takes into our account that issue and we will monitor market conditions going forward. Long-term, we continue to see optimistic about these markets and our opportunities. We continue to focus on growth and cash generation within object. Our priorities for allocating free cash remaining the same, to fund internal growth progress including CapEx, to find acquisitions, to return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. In 2014, we repurchased 336,800 shares for about $27million. We have about $173 million left on our 200 million buyback authorization, during the year we increased our dividend on fourth consecutive year. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing costs, by driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. Our corporate growth strategies remain the same, global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new product development and acquisitions. Let me talk about each  we remain growth strategies related to global and market expansion. In 2014, sales outside the U.S. were about $1.5 billion, half of our total sales for excess about one quarter half of our total sales five years ago. We continue to expand our capabilities to market presence in various markets around the world. During the year, we grew our sales in China to more than $100 million for the first time. We increased our sales in the UK, to allow continental Europe and Brazil. And the common denominator in these markets is an ongoing need for transportation infrastructure, investment and maintenance. The area of aftermarket expense and our overall aftermarket sales were almost $1.9 billion, about 50% of our total sales. This growth is due to both acquisitions as well as internal growth initiatives. In the area of new product development, we continue to have tremendous focus on this, after which many internal development projects. Project train control has been one of the most significant growth drivers within Wabtec. PTC related sales came in about $290 million in 2014. Were expecting growth of about 10% in 2015 as we continue to work with railroads and other industry supplier to develop an interoperable system for freight and commuter railroads. Electronic breaking, or ECP, its another new product that has been in the headlines recently. New roles from the federal worldwide administration under consideration could require ECP on certain tank cars. The new roles are expected to be announced sometime around June. Acquisitions, our pipeline continues to be very active and were pleased with the opportunities which were reviewing. During 2014, we closed several acquisitions including Fandstan, Dia-Frag, C2CE, and we completed the acquisition of railroads controls which Al mentioned earlier. Weve talked about the three  the first three on prior calls, Id like to spend a minute on Railroad Controls. Railroad Controls is based in Texas and annual revenues of about $75 million. This company is a leading provider of railway signal construction services for both freight and transit customers. Capabilities include installation of grade crossing warning signals, wayside and interlocking signals, and PTC related equipment. But the majority of the revenues are in the aftermarket area in all revenues are in U.S. As you know in recent years, weve expanded our presence in signal design, engineering, project management and construction through both acquisitions and organic growth initiatives. Railroad Controls strengthens our turnkey capabilities in this key market sector and it also provides technical expertise that complements our existing electronics, signaling and train control offerings. Were confident in all of these recent acquisitions will be excellent additions to our overall portfolio within the Wabtec Corporation. And now, Id like to turn it over to Pat for a more detailed discussion about our numbers.
Pat Dugan: Thank you, Ray and good morning to everyone. Our sales for the fourth quarter were a record $821 million, which is 20% higher than a year ago quarter. Of this increase, little more than half was from acquisitions. As a reminder, we expect over the long-term about half of our growth will come from organic initiatives and half from acquisitions. Freight segment sales increased 24% or about $92 million. Only $19 million of that growth was from acquisitions. The majority of growth in the freight segment was organic. Transit segment sales increased 16% or $48 million. Acquisitions added $64 million to the trade segment sales which means that we were down a little bit organically, that decrease was due to the completion of certain locomotive projects which contributed significant revenues in 2013. Adjusting for these projects, organic revenue in the segment would have been up about 8%. Changes in foreign exchange rates, reduced sales by about $17 million in the quarter compared to the prior year quarter mostly in the transit segment. Operating income for the quarter was a record $137 million or 16.7% of sales compared to 16.3% in the year ago quarter. As expected, that operating margin was slightly lower than in certain prior quarters mainly due to the Fandstan acquisition, which occurred earlier in 2014. We have said that Fandstan will contribute significant revenues in the second half of 2014, but minimal earnings due to expenses from purchase price accounting and integration. In addition, its historical margins are lower than our transit segment margins. Now that weve had Fandstan in the fold for a few months, were confident that we can increase margins overtime and we expect our operating margins to improve over the long-term as well. That said its worth nothing that for our full year margin continue to increase up to 17.3% versus 17% for the full year of 2013. Our interest expense was up quarter about $4 million or about $600,000 lower than a year ago quarter. But other expense income lines had an expense of $1.8 million in the fourth quarter compared to income of about one million in the year ago quarter. This $2.8 million dollar change result in mainly from non-cash foreign currency translation losses in the current quarter. These are paper losses on from translation our certain balance sheet items. For the most part we have natural hedges for our transactions and our projects against currency fluctuations, but selling and producing in local markets and to extent that we do have an exposure we enter into a limited number of FX hedges. To reinforce will be said earlier, I want to make a few comments on the factor FX on guidance. We do have exposure due to the consolidation of our results. As Al mentioned, todays guidance takes into account the foreign exchange rates at current levels. The further changes could affect our 2015 results. But using todays FX rate our sales guidance negatively impacted by about $100 million with the corresponding effect on earnings. This is mainly due to the fluctuation of change in the euro and the pound currencies. The tax rate for the quarter was 29.4% versus 31.2% in year ago quarter. Its lower in the current quarter due to certain positive discrete items, including the effect of the R&D tax credit. We expect that the annual rate for 15 to be about 31.5% slightly higher than the prior year. Thats mostly due to the mix of earnings between U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. However I remind you that this is a main report and quarters will vary due to timing of any discrete items. We have strong working capital performance in the fourth quarter. Just to give some numbers at December 31st, our trade and unbilled receivables were $631 million, inventories were $511 million and accounts payable were about $400 million. For comparison at September 30, 2014, trade and unbilled receivables were $750 million, inventories were $489 million and accounts payable were $389 million. So while the inventory from payables were about the same, we had a significant decrease in receivables, both trade and unbilled, mainly due to hitting milestones on our major contracts and billing our customers for the work. As we promised during the quarter we reduced our unbilled receivables from about $240 million to a $188 million, we expect to continue to make progress on this in 2015. As a result our cash from operations was strong generated $242 million for the quarter and for the year we produced a record $472 million of cash from operations compared to net income of $352 million. At December 31, our cash on hand was $426 million as compared to $230 million at September 30, at December 31, our debt was about $520 million, which is about the same at the end of September to our net debt was less than $100 million of yearend. So just a few miscellaneous items that we always highlight for the group, our depreciation in the quarter was $10.4 million compared to $9.1 last years quarter. Our amortization expense $5.9 million compared to $5 million slightly up because of the increase due to acquisition. And our CapEx was $16.7 million compared to $17.6 last years quarter. For the year $48 million and last year, we had $41 million. We expect to see that go up in 2015. The backlog at the end of the year with a record multiyear backlog of $2.3 billion, transit had $1.3 billion and freight was about $1 billion. Of the increase from the third quarter about half came from acquisitions and half came from contracts for locomotive overhauls, freight car components and signaling projects. Our rolling 12-month backlog which is a subset of the multiyear backlog was a record $1.5 million. Transit held at $660 million and freight was $140 million. Total backlog figures do not include about $300 million of pending orders and options that are not counted in the backlog until the customer exercises those options or pending orders. With that, Ill turn it over to Al.
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Pat. Once again, we had a good performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Taking one final look back at 2014, revenues increased 19% to a record $3 billion. Income from operations increased 21% to a record $527 million. EPS increased 20% to a record $3.62 and our backlog ended the year at a record $2.3 billion. Looking ahead to 2015, were anticipating another record year with EPS guidance of about $4.05 on revenue growth of about 10%. We are very pleased with our strategic progress and long-term growth opportunities we see. Countries around the world continue to invest in freight rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and our Wabtec performance system which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduced costs. We have an experienced management team and a dedicated group of employees that are poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in market conditions. With that, well be more than happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Justin Long with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long: Thanks, good morning guys and congrats on a quarter.
Ray Betler: Thanks, Justin.
Justin Long: You alluded to this in the prepared remarks, but theres been some press recently about ECP potentially getting included in the final tank car regulations. I wanted to ask couple of questions on that topic. First, in your experience with ECP brakes, have you found statistical support that it reduces the chances of a derailment?
Ray Betler: Obviously, weve been working with electronic controlled pneumatic breaking for a long while and some of the original interests related to it dates well back into the early 2000. So thus far globally, those installations well over 40,000 cars that had ECP breaking on it. Most of those cars are in Australia, some in the Middle East and South Africa. So, it is a technology that has been adopted around the world. There have been pilot trains that have been run here in the states since 2006. I think it was in 2008 when we outfitted a few trains here in the U.S. The thing that ECP does is it does provide shorter stopping distances. Those stopping distances can be reduced anywhere from 40 to 60 or even a little higher depending on the size of the train. ECP allows for what is called graduated release. That means right now, Im just a pneumatic brake you either have brakes that are fully applied and fully released. What it does is it lessens the in train forces because you are able to gradually put the brakes on and release them. They also allow for what would be faster recovery time for the air system. It uses less air therefore the air pressure is not depleted during the break application. That eliminates the potential of not having enough air to apply to brakes. Having electricity or power throughout the train creates an opportunity for adding sensors and diagnostic guide tools. It can be tied into the train control system. The train is equipped with positive train control. So I think that answer your question has statistically been proven, I think that these advantages have improved in and these advantages are being seen and proven primarily along the world so answer your question
Justin Long: Thanks out. Yeah, that did. Thank you, thats all very helpful color and as a follow-up to that question, we are of course trying to estimate the cost that ECP could present for the industry. I guess we can look at the cars inflammable service and its a little bit easier to run the math on the cost to add ECP there. I wanted to ask about the locomotive. Obviously you have to upset some of these locomotives, but do you think this is a situation where the rails what update all locomotives and service the 20,000 units or so, where do you think they will focus more on a subset of the population thats dedicated to moving inflammable commodities, if we did see this regulation get past?
Ray Betler: First of all, I think we are realized that there was administration group that was set up the pipeline add this materials and safety administration and this group was tasked with making recommendation as far as the proposed rulemaking for safer transport of crude oil. We have at this point there is no verification, that this particular technology will be approved or not approved. I wanted to make sure that you understand that. When you look at  if it was part of this rulemaking which I believe is right now being reviewed by the White House office of information and regulatory affairs, if it was part of the regulation ECP, the actual unit on the cars, the cost of those ranges anywhere from 4,000 to 6,000, it depends because the technology that is offered is in two forms. One is what we call standalone ECP unit. That would actually require every car on the train to have that unit and that way you would also need the locomotive and thats part of your question and Ill get to that. But we also offer alternative. So that there is a unit which we call on overlay that could be used that could be switch back and forth to an ECP train or a regular pneumatic train. So thats the reason for some type of range of cost and it could be anywhere from $4,000 to $6,000 depending on which way you choose that there is also wiring required and installation, cost associate with that. If the locomotive in order for the train to operate with ECP, the locomotive also has to be fitted with electronic brakes and have been adapted to also accept and transmit the signals for ECP. The estimate of cost on the locomotive could be dependent on whether you are putting a new electronic braking on or just adapting it. That price could be anywhere from 30,000 to 50,000, I think when you look at a train I dont know the number of locomotives in general that I think there is at least three locomotives on a train that might be 100 cars or so. So you could usual calculations from that information I believe.
Justin Long: Okay. Thats great detail Al and I will sneak one more in and pass it along. But you gave the updated backlog numbers. I was curious how much of the backlog right now is PTC related and is this possible could you comment on the level of PTC related backlog thats allocated for this year versus future years.
Al Neupaver: Okay. We have about $100 million of backlog and the PTC related products. I also want to go back to ECP just for a second and Im not sure  that we have none of the ECP regulation requirements in our guidance for ECP, multiyear. But as far as PTC, the backlog is about $100 million.
Justin Long: Okay, perfect, Ill leave it at that. Thanks so much for the time.
Al Neupaver: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Thanks, good morning guys.
Ray Betler: Good morning.
Scott Group: Just a couple of quick follow-ups on ECP. Are we correct that you guys have  you guys would have the technology for both the car and the locomotive and I think both in the U.S. and Canada? And then if you could just clarify there is anyone else in the market that has this technology currently?
Ray Betler: Yeah, Scott. We have both the technology for the locomotive and the car and our major competitor in breaking is nor air break and they have the technology as well.
Scott Group: Okay, perfect. In terms of PTC, what are you guys expecting in terms of any aftermarket this year and when is a realistic timeframe for when the aftermarket kicks in I dont know if weve talked about this before? Is it  once its fully installed or some of the aftermarket start sooner?
Ray Betler: Yeah, Scott, this is Ray. So aftermarket really doesnt affect the warranty period is finished. So, warranty is normally a year on these contracts and that warranty period, as far as  it goes into effect once the products in service. So, the aftermarket is going to be developed overtime as were not going to see a lot of aftermarket revenue this year where obviously focused on developing those agreements and the opportunity in MRS is maybe the best example of where revenue will be realized in the near medium term because that contract is almost complete the project, that will be finished up this year and the vehicles are in service. They had been in service. They are being phased and the entire project will be closed out, so well transition over into a service agreement. So we look for annual release of about anywhere from 5% to 10% depending on the volume in the particular customer technology and we think well start to realize those after the warranty period is finished, which obviously is going to be in future years and not this year.
Scott Group: Okay, thats really helpful and just last question, so the guidance for 10% revenue and like 12% earnings, it doesnt imply much for margin expansion, if youre buying back some stock, but I think Al, you mentioned that you do expect margin expansion this year so maybe just help us think about.
Al Neupaver: You answer that question consistently. We strive for continuous improvement and one of the areas that we will continue to focus on, Ray and his team have done a tremendous job in 14 and in 15 we expect that margin to expand again.
Scott Group: Okay, alright, thank you guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier: Hey, thanks, good morning. So I had a follow-up PTC question that the 10% growth youre expecting for 15, can you talk to how much of that is going to come from freight and how much of that growth is going to come from transit PTC?
Ray Betler: Thats its really  if you look at you probably thats fine, based on historical  its about 50% is trade and the other 50 is split between almost equally between transit and international. So we anticipate that will pretty much typify this years revenues.
Matt Brooklier: Okay, thats helpful. And then you talked oil and gas your exposure I think about 5% of the revenue. Can you remind us of broadly what products that you have that our impacted from by the oil and gas industry and then whats in your guidance, if you are assuming that contribution from those products revenue EBIT perspective thats expected to be I guess down this year, is it flat. Maybe be just give a little bit more color on that.
Pat Dugan: So in terms of  Ill address the product area. In terms of products its basically calling system, heat exchanger systems that are used in drill hedge and drilling wells and for the power systems, the power of those products. And some of the products so with some other products that are used in oil and gas well that we talked about, is that product line we acquired when we acquired onward that, so those are the products.
Ray Betler: On the guidance, we have included basically what we do the current market conditions are into our guidance. So that has been put into the guidance that you received the impact from the energy business that we have.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then could you just  can you touch upon how much then stand earnings contribution, is also anticipated in the 15 guide. We know it was the big part of the revenue contribution in 14. But we didnt contribute much for the bottom-line. Im just trying to get a feel for how much Fandstan incremental earnings you guys are making into the 15 guide.
Ray Betler: Fandstan there is two negative factors that basically behind us and thats the amortization related to inventory and our backlog so those behind so we will see that improvement. But you will also see is that the synergies of the acquisition and the profit improvement program is built into the guidance. We really that want to break up this specific numbers at this point, but I think that really make some comments the way  that we think this acquisition has gone as we plan and expected to about eventually get to margins that there about the average for the transit group.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. I appreciate the time.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Thom Albrecht with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Thom Albrecht: Hi guys, good morning. Congratulations on another nice year and another nice quarter. I wanted to square way couple of things for my model. So maybe these first couple of questions are for Pat that in the last quarter your SG&A guidance was $85 million to $86 million and came in at $93 million. Im just wondering why there was such a big variance.
Pat Dugan: We had number of discrete items came through. We had some engineering costs and we had some other  Im just some cleanup and some of the corporate items, including incentive and other benefits that really our acquisition related. So I think in the end whats really driving that is our run rate is going forward. Were really thinking its going to be somewhere around $89 million to $90 million in a quarter.
Thom Albrecht: Okay, could you say incentive comp came into play to or is that incentive tied to burnouts?
Pat Dugan: Yeah, so when do you have number of incentive programs and so we added with Fandstan and with the performance we had drove up and we had more people in the plans and so some there was some additional money that we set aside [indiscernible].
Thom Albrecht: And then you did allude to be amortization but that still about 2 million bucks thats higher than what you guys commented on is the $18.3 million kind of the run rate going forward or would that also be a little bit lower?
Pat Dugan: I expect that the time to come back a little bit because you have PPA and other items that are frontend loaded in any of these acquisitions, but of course weve added RCL and well continue to have an active acquisition program, so we tend to bounce around a little bit there on the amortization and the depreciation lines.
Thom Albrecht: Okay. And then on the other income/expense, it was a $7 million actual expense, a lot of time sets relatively a small deal, but it was about a $2.6 million swing year-over-year adversely. What was in that figure?
Pat Dugan: Its mostly translational losses. And with a big move in currency, we do a pretty good job of balancing that exposure, but we did have because of such a dramatic move in certain exchange rates we did have a negative impact and we expect that to moderate. Short of course more volatility in the FX markets, but I think were  thats an unusual.
Al Neupaver: Yeah, if you look at the year 13 and 14, you know 13 had a net plus minus of negative 882, 14 was 1680 and I think as Pat pointed out, I think the FX changes, drilled mostly that change and those are the things that really hung up on the balance sheet in a company issues that cant be wash through in a given period.
Thom Albrecht: Okay, I appreciate that color. And then when I back out the revenues from acquisitions which you gave for the quarter, Im showing organic growth of 8.3% is that correct or do I need to make some sort of adjustments for the fourth quarter of 13? I took out the $19 million and then $64 million just from this years fourth quarter, but did make any adjustment to Q4 of 13.
Pat Dugan: Thats it. Thats the right number, 19 and 64 total. And thats the 57% of a total change.
Thom Albrecht: Okay, good. Thank you. And my last question would be when I look at your revenue guidance for the year and we never know exactly how acquisitions are performing, but when we factor in the 10% growth target for PTC plus what we think, you got with acquisitions and we try to pro rate of that based upon the month you acquired it. Were showing  youve already got about 7% or the 10% revenue target, so are you expecting organic growth to slow, I mean, it seems like it really had a nice solid phase throughout 14.
Pat Dugan: Yeah, I think that you have to play in the impact of FX. You put that in and weve talked about in our guidance the impact of the price of oil. In a long-term, we still feel strongly that we get half of our growth internally and half from acquisitions.
Thom Albrecht: So that $100 million revenue impact from FX and that would have been versus zero in 14, what was your revenue impact from a full year for FX?
Pat Dugan: In 14, it was actually positive by about, I think $11 million, so it was in the quarter-to-quarter was down $17 million. Keep in mind if you look at that FX, thats 3% growth.
Thom Albrecht: Im just trying to think of it the right way.
Pat Dugan: Its fine. I think its good to point that out.
Thom Albrecht: Okay, thats all I had guys. Thank you for the clarification.
Pat Dugan: Okay, thanks Thom.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: Hello, just getting back to the PTC guidance, a 10%, Im wondering if you could talk a little bit about your assumptions in that growth figure and what factor what could potentially just upside there.
Ray Betler: I mean the assumptions are that people at the platforms are going to continue to pursue aggressively the installation and commissioning or you probably are aware the status and industry of the stuff is probably ahead of the other class ones that all the class ones are working earnestly to try to get their systems installed and commission as close as possible to 2015 deadline day. We also had assumptions in there that will finish MRS this year. We had assumptions in there that will continue support and when transit opportunities we are assuming that probably about third of those transit opportunities will generate revenue this year and reason its only a third is that some of those transit authorities still havent received funding to support their PTC specification writing that process and ultimately implementation.
Pat Dugan: Its very difficult thing to project. A lot of it depends on the progress made and again the funding on the transit authorities still up in the air and more depend heavily on those new transportation bill.
Jason Rodgers: Okay, could you talk a little bit about the tier for locomotives and the demand trends there?
Ray Betler: [Indiscernible] locomotive current status is GE has an improved set for locomotive. A lot of class ones have done this  back forward for their going through rehab processes rehabilitation process existing locomotives. GEs forecast is pretty substantial for this year, and obviously [indiscernible] its going to be tough it and they intends to be industry this year GE has been about two years qualifying and we participated within on it.
Jason Rodgers: And then finally, looking at the percentage of new products over the past five years, do you have an updated figure just going through the end of 2014.
Ray Betler: About 38%.
Jason Rodgers: Thanks a lot.
Ray Betler: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Baudendistel.
Mike Baudendistel: Thank you. [Indiscernible] using your balance sheet acquisition. Do anticipate having to borrow it all going forward. Youve been completing with cash on the balance sheet?
Ray Betler: We really drive the position and we are in. We got extremely strong balance sheet, I think even through our priorities that we wanted to do that balance sheet and we will continue to apply for those priorities. So I think the beauty of it is that the opportunity came about we have room to acquired large companies continue to do the build on and I think that its a great position to be in especially compared to other companies dont do a lot of acquisitions. They may not have that luxury that we do that.
Mike Baudendistel: Could you give us a sense for how much your cash is held overseas? How many future acquisitions could potentially
Pat Dugan: [Indiscernible] year on the total cash of 425
Ray Betler: I would say roughly 60%, 65% total cash we had on hand was and that foreign jurisdictions and we had some cash here in U.S. that we used right after yearend and closing and buying RCL.
Mike Baudendistel: Okay, great. Those are all my questions. Thank you.
Ray Betler: Thanks and I appreciate.
Operator: The next question comes from Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel Eisner: Yeah, thanks, good morning everyone. Just on the RCLs transaction its about $75 million in LTM revenue. Do you have any kind of indication with the margin profile is about business and you also let us know what percentage of the revenue are between the segment it seems as though it.
Ray Betler: Well the margin is very similar to whats the overall margins and freight margins and we enjoyed overall despite the PTC release. Despite, the type of work, is that the question you are asking?
Samuel Eisner: Of the $75 million  I guess of the $75 million of revenues, how much is
Ray Betler: So the majority of the sales are on freight side, yeah, almost all of the sales are in freight side.
Samuel Eisner: Got it, and then, so perhaps moving to the incrementals implied in your guidance, I think if you kind of back into them, the round 20% contribution margins that you guys have got into, and you know this past year, you did around 19% with a lot of moving pieces in SG&A while integrating the Fandstan transaction. So I just want to understand you know is there anything else that were missing in the implied kind of contribution margins for next year. It just seems as though you have somewhat easing comps throughout the year, the course of the year, so just help me understand that please.
Ray Betler: Well I said that we really to begin the year that has the uncertainty that this year has related to oil pricing, foreign exchange rates, just you know the amount of internal growth that we could count on, I think our number is probably what we have normally got at this point, and it is conservative, we will obviously be looking for opportunities to improve on that contribution as we go forward.
Samuel Eisner: Great, and then you mentioned that FX is I guess as of today, can you just let us know what rates you are using for the Euro and the pound going forward throughout the course of the year thats implied in your guidance.
Ray Betler: Okay, yeah I would just look at todays spot rate and use that as a benchmark for how we quantified the impact of FX, of course, when you get into the accounting, use the weighted average rate, so it ends up being a little bit tough to take a jump off point and do some comparisons, but I think if you look at todays rates for the euros and pounds, those are our big exposures, and thats what we based on now in the call.
Samuel Eisner: Great, and then just lastly, obviously with a lot of cash on hand, Al you were commenting before about acquisitions but can you talk about the five of the acquisitions within your funnel, have they  now that you have effectively more cash on hand, does that mean that you are looking at large transactions, or are you still kind of looking at these you know $100 million sweet spot type transactions.
Pat Dugan: We continue to be opportunistic, in the end we have the ability to do a large acquisition, but as in the past if you look at the 30 plus acquisitions we had most of them were more in the $50 million to $100 million range and thats what we mostly see. There is a lot less that of those larger acquisitions thereafter.
Samuel Eisner: Great, I will hop back in queue, thanks.
Pat Dugan: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Liam Burke with Wunderlich Securities. Please go ahead.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Outside of PTC and ECP you highlighted on your product development, are there any products that you see in the near term that will help fuel growth?
Ray Betler: Yeah, basically in Q4 we just talked about that there are global are certainly more, we have a lot of products in across [indiscernible] and we will talk a lot about the friction products, if it comes to market we just qualify to replace the shoes with the composite shoes. We have oil free compressors that will be qualified in and sold in, both transit and freight markets. So if you go across our business there is products in every business unit, its a major strategic focus of ours, and we invest in every business unit and product development.
Liam Burke: Okay, thanks. And then on markets, do you see any particular market this year that provides near term opportunity and conversely do you see any challenges out there.
Ray Betler: We face challenges every day, I guarantee that, well you could comment about the market.
Ray Betler: There is opportunity, obviously we are watching very closely the freight kind of product moving, that can go either way, we are very hopeful that it is going to continue to go in a positive direction as the U.S. as the economy is going to hold up and that there is not going to be improvisations because oil prices or other issues, geopolitical issues or whatever else might affect us. So freight market certainly is a good opportunity for us, where longer term, we start to invest in international markets like in more substantial way in like India where we have entered into a joint venture with Texmaco, one of the largest freight car builder in India, so there is opportunities in Europe, the economy is sluggish maybe we certainly have great opportunities there because we are a small player in a big market. So all those are opportunities that we are excited about.
Liam Burke: Great thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from [indiscernible] with Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning and thank you. My first question relates to the long term EPS growth trends, as you just pointed out earlier, on a constant currency basis, EPS growth support 15, its about 15%, so could you please comment how that may differ from the long term trend that you are seeing maybe highlighting puts and takes this year versus the long term outlook. Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Okay, I think you got to go back to really take a look at what our, what we establish as kind of our vision, our goal, and that is to have double digits per share earnings growth through the business cycle. And so if you go back to 2006 to today, that growth has been almost 19% over that period. We did better when there was enough tick in the economy and obviously in down turn we do worse, so as we look forward, we are just extremely excited about our future, and we have lot of opportunity, we are a small player in the global market, especially in Transit, we have new technology that is focused on the safety, efficiency and productivity of the rail road, so with that excitement as we look forward, we hope that we could continue our track record. However, we are also realistic, you are going to have challenges, ups and downs, not only from the economy but also the marketplace. So I think if we stay focused on these growth initiatives we have, that we will continue to have track record.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much. And my second question, try to go to a little bit of detail on that, in the North American markets, and namely could you share with us what is your outlook freight car deliveries in the U.S. that you are counting on for your EPS growth target and help us then how that delivery outlook feeds into EPS growth.
Pat Dugan: The freight car assumption is 75,000 vehicles this year, thats the assumption we have
Unidentified Analyst: In the longer term, I am sorry, longer term, beyond this year.
Pat Dugan: We really dont provide any long term growth rates, I think that if you look at the backlog you got 142,000 car backlog which bodes well for freight car builds, however that could be impacted by a lot of things. I think the backlog that is there, is sound and good, the point is how we will flow out, as anyone could estimate that, I think that you have to look at history when you look at rail car builds, and understand that its a cyclic business, its the reason why we diversified our business model, and right now, OEM car build, you know is less than 10% of our total business, at one point it was more or like 30% or 40%. So I think the backlog bodes well, but the economy is really going to drive the cyclicality of that business.
Unidentified Analyst: Very, very helpful, thank you. And my last question relates to Europe. I know that your growth is just ramping up after many years of efforts of getting established in the market and you just made a few comments to that. Can you give us a little more detail about the main initiatives or opportunities that you are excited about for this year, maybe the year after that?
Ray Betler: Yeah we are pursuing with all major car builders in Europe opportunities that Continental Europe those car builders not only have products and systems that new cars that we are building for European markets but also internationally. So if you look at car builders like Alstom, Siemens, Bombardier, Alstom is a huge contract for instance in South Africa; Bombardier has a large contract over in India. We are talking to those car builders about opportunities inside and outside of Europe, and there is a good opportunities for us also in the UK, thats in the overhaul market, also with the Roscoes, the main rolling stock companies that operate over there, and we are probably in a leading market share position there, it contains several major contracts in the UK.
Unidentified Analyst: Very much, I appreciate it.
Operator: Now we have a follow-up question from Scott Group. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey guys, thanks for the follow-ups. So in terms of the Q4, has your content for loco changed with that and any difference between GE and then eventually Cadam on your content?
Pat Dugan: Yes, so there is a bit of a premium that we get for the Q4 but it may be reflected but it was made into the development that its they are in the same position with their local models. I dont think that there is a difference between GE, their forecast in about two years 2017 before we [indiscernible]
Scott Group: Okay, and then just lastly on the PTC, what percent of the locos now have the computer system and what kind of delay are you assuming is going to be coming?
Pat Dugan: We think its about 50% overall which includes more complicated because some have complete case, some have provision case but overall on average its a little bit more than 50% installed as far as locos. Relative to the delays, we really can anticipate workload fall short, finding it through the deadline dates, you know the PTC system is a lot more accepted, just on board computer yet 45 equipment, that offers different CAD systems, yet the overall network, and so that will stock in, and so to be honest, we just do everything we can to support our customers, everything in the area [indiscernible] comments are in compliance with 2015.
Scott Group: That would have been the guidance for this year, what is that assumed you go from 50% of locomotives to what percent of locomotives?
Pat Dugan: I will probably cant really give you the color right now, I would just assume that 10% growth is the right number and you could apply that to on board computer, basically, we have given you 50% of the freight is freight, 25% trans and 25% international, so.
Scott Group: Okay perfect. Thank you, guys, I appreciate it.
Operator: The next follow-up comes from Thom Albrecht. Please go ahead.
Thom Albrecht: Yeah just a simple question, I guess for Al. On the 1300 locomotive forecast for 2015, is that all freight locomotives, and given cash position I am assuming, is that all GE or there is some switch in locomotives in that number.
Ray Betler: Its just mostly freight, Tom, we do some locomotives, but its mostly freight and its both GE and E&B because I think its international.
Thom Albrecht: Okay alright that helps. Okay, thank you.
Pat Dugan: Thank you. Hello. Hey, any other questions? Hello?
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Rodgers.
Jason Rodgers: Thanks, thanks for taking the follow-up, just looking for a few balance sheet numbers, total assets, equity, and then if you could repeat the accounts receivable number that would be great. Thank you.
Pat Dugan: Okay, so the total assets are $3.3 billion. I will give you the exact number, $3.308206 billion or shareholders equity is total is $1.808298 and sorry what was the last one.
Jason Rodgers: You said it before but if you could repeat the accounts receivable.
Pat Dugan: Okay the total accounts receivable including unbilled is [indiscernible] okay anything else. Alright, great thank you.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: With nobody else on the queue this concludes our question-and-answer session, and Id like to turn the conference back over to Al Neupaver for closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Al Neupaver: Okay, thanks a lot. Look forward to talk to you again in April. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Al Neupaver - Executive Chairman Ray Betler - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Pat Dugan - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Justin Long - Stephens Inc. Scott Group - Wolfe Research Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Liam Burke - Wunderlich Securities Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to Wabtec's third quarter earnings conference call this morning. Let me introduce the other Wabtec people who are here with me: Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman; Ray Betler, our President and CEO; our CFO, Pat Dugan; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. We will first make our prepared remarks and then well be happy to take your questions. We will make forward-looking statements during the call, so please review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. We had an excellent operating performance in the third quarter with record sales of almost $800 million and record earnings of $0.93 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations was also strong as we generated $93 million, exceeding net income. Our backlog now stands at a record $2.18 billion. The overall business is performing well thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. Were optimistic and excited about the long-term opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets. These markets are large, global and growing and we are positioned well to participate in them. Today, we increased our 2014 guidance. We now expect full year earnings per diluted share to be between $3.58 and $3.62. That is based on a sales growth of about 18% for the year. We have some assumptions in our guidance; continued modest growth in the global economy; the assumption that the U.S. and European transit markets will remain stable with the emerging markets driving growth. The U.S. freight rail traffic continues to grow with OEM locomotive and car builds also growing. So far this year, freight rail traffic is up about 4%. Were assuming no major changes in foreign exchange rates and a tax rate of about 31% to 31.5% for this year. Our guidance includes the three acquisitions we completed so far this year. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost. Well be focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities, and always ready to respond if market conditions change. Now Id like to turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ray Betler.
Ray Betler:  Thanks, Al. One of the reasons were optimistic about Wabtecs future is that were involved in very compelling markets. Those markets, mainly freight rail and passenger transit, are large, global and growing. According to a UNIFE study, the worldwide adjustable rail market exceeds $100 billion with an annual growth of about 3%. One common theme around the world is that customers are focusing on improving safety, productivity and efficiency and Wabtec plays an important role in all of those efforts. The markets are also compelling because an efficient transit system and transportation network and robust infrastructure are essential to global economic growth in both developed and emerging countries. Also driving global investment are secular trends in urbanization, energy evolution and increased environmental awareness. In NAFTA on the freight rail side, freight traffic is up 4.2% so far this year. Its led by an increase of 5.7% in intermodal. OEM rolling stock deliveries this year are strong. We expect more than 1,200 locomotives to be delivered compared to 1,000 last year. The freight car market continues to be strong with third quarter deliveries up about 18,000, orders of 43,000, which puts the backlog at about 124,000, another record high. Full year delivery should hit in excess of 67,000. Globally freight traffic is somewhat mixed. In Brazil, MRS had a record first half with traffic up 8%. India saw growth of about 5% while traffic decreased about 1% in Russia, Germany was up about 1.5%, UK was down about 2%. As you know, were focused on increasing our global footprint in our product offerings where we see opportunities in markets that are larger than our traditional NAFTA model. The global installed base of locomotives exceeds 100,000. The global installed base of freight cars is more than 5 million with about 75% of those vehicles being outside of NAFTA. On the transit side, stability is still the theme both in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S. and Canada ridership was up slightly in second quarter, in the UK ridership was up 3.7%, in the most recent quarter in Germany it was also slightly up. This year were expecting North America transit car deliveries to be about 1,000 and bus deliveries about 4,500. Both numbers are about the same as 2013. Transit funding in the U.S. is also stable at about 10 billion and thats where it's been for the past several years. The current two-year transportation bill expired recently, but it was extended a few months as expected. Congress doesnt seem to be focused or interested on long-term funding bill right now. Just as with freight, were focused on global growth and increasing our product offerings because the markets for transit are larger than NAFTA globally. We estimate that the global installed base of transit cars is around 300,000 with about 95% of those vehicles outside of NAFTA. Now lets focus on growth and cash generation. Our priorities for allocating free cash remain the same, to fund internal growth including CapEx, to focus on acquisitions, to return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. In the third quarter we repurchased 124,600 shares for about $10 million. So we have about $175 million left on our 200 million buyback authorization. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital and controlling our capital expenditures. Our corporate growth strategies remain the same, global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new product development and technologies and acquisitions. So lets talk about our progress in these areas. On the global and market expansion side, in the third quarter sales outside the U.S. were 416 million, a little more than half of our total sales and about one third of our sales five years ago. We continue to expand our capabilities and our market presence in various markets around the world. During the quarter we won a signaling project with a new customer in Brazil. We continue to have opportunities in places like Europe, China, India and South Africa. The common denominator in these markets is an ongoing need for transportation infrastructure, investment and maintenance. On the aftermarket expansion side, overall, our aftermarket sales were 497 million in the third quarter. Thats about 60% of our total sales and up from 358 million a year ago. This growth is due to acquisitions and also internal growth initiatives. Regarding new products, we continue to have tremendous focus in this area and it's driving much of our internal development projects for new technologies. Train control has certainly been one of several growth drivers and their sales came in at about 235 million in 2013 based. On our year-to-date numbers, we remain on track for PTC sales of about 25% this year as we continue to work with railroads and other industries to develop an interoperable solution. On the acquisition side, our pipeline continues to be very active and were pleased with the opportunities were reviewing. During the third quarter we closed on two acquisitions Dia-Frag and C2CE. So I would like to brief you a minute on those. Dia-Frag is based in Brazil and has revenues of about $45 million. It expands our friction product offerings in the niche market, motorcycle, brake pads and other highly differentiated products with a strong intellectual property content and technology. Dia-Frag also offers margins that are better than our corporate average and the company has a large installed base which provides recurring aftermarket revenue. Dia-Frag also offers us the potential to manufacture other products within their facilities for the Brazilian and South American market. C2CE, it's a company based in Australia and offers revenues of about 35 million. It provides turnkey train control signaling and communications solutions for us in that part of the world which include design, project management and installation. Those are very complementary capabilities with our Xorail business in Jacksonville. C2CE serves as a regional market provider. It allows us to address the Australian and South East Asia market. Those markets are large and growing and C2CE has a good installed base with strong customers like Rio Tinto and Queensland Rail. C2CE also has an excellent management team and technical staff with significant breadth and depth of experience in train control solutions. So were very confident in these companies along with Fandstan and we know that they'll be an excellent addition to our overall portfolio. Now, Id like to turn it over to Pat Dugan for more details on the numbers.
Pat Dugan:  Good morning, everybody. Our sales for the second quarter were a record $797 million, which is 26% higher than a year ago quarter. Of this increase, about half was from organic growth and half from acquisitions. That remains consistent with our long-term expectation. In the Freight segment, our sales increased 33% or about 112 million. Only 29 million of that increase was from acquisitions. Therefore, the majority of the growth was organic from locomotive and freight car components, electronics and radiator, heat exchanger businesses. The transit segment sales increased 18% or about 53 million. 57 million increase was from acquisitions, so were essentially flat organically amongst all the other businesses. And the reason for that is that we had completed certain locomotive projects in prior quarters which contributed revenues. Adjusting for these projects, the organic revenue in the segment would have been up about 35 million or about 14%. Operating income for the quarter was a record 136 million or 17.1% of sales. As expected, that operating margin is slightly lower than prior quarters mainly due to the acquisition of Fandstan earlier in the year. During our second quarter call, you might remember that we said that Fandstan will contribute significant revenues in the second half of the year, but minimal earnings mostly due to expenses from purchase price accounting and from integration. In addition, its historical margins are currently lower than our transit margins. Now that we've had Fandstan in the fold for a few months, were confident that we can increase margins overtime and we continue to expect our corporate operating margin to improve over the long-term as well. Interest expense for the quarter was 4.6 million or about 800,000 higher than a year ago quarter and thats because of increased borrowings for our acquisition program. Our tax rate for the quarter was 31.3% versus 29.2% in the year ago quarter. In the prior year we had a benefit from a tax law change in the UK. We expect our annual rate to be about 31% to 31.5% in 2014, but the quarters will vary due to timings of any discrete tax items. Working capital at September 30, 2014, we had a trade and unbilled receivables were around 715 million, inventories were 489 million and accounts payable were 389 million. At June 30th of this year, trade and unbilled receivables were 717 million, inventories were 482 million and payables were 397 million. As we discussed is prior quarters, our unbilled receivables are related to our portfolio of long-term contracts. By hitting certain project milestones, were able to bill for that work, so it would shift from unbilled receivables to trade receivables and be collected. During the quarter, we reduced that number from 252 million to 240 million and we expect to make further progress by year end. In the quarter, the company generated 93 million of cash from operations which we feel is a strong result. So far this year weve produced 231 million of cash from operations, which is a nine-month measure, and when you compare that to the prior year, for the full year results we generated about the same amount in 2012 and 2013. Cash on hand at September 30th was 213 million, mostly held outside of the U.S. We had 226 million on hand at June 30th. And our debt balances at September 30th were 522 million, which increased from 501 million at June 30th due in part to the acquisitions of Dia-Frag and C2CE. Couple of miscellaneous items we always point out. Our depreciation expense for the quarter was 10.3 million compared to 8.2 million in last years quarter. Our amortization expense was 6.7 million compared to 3.9 million in last years quarter. Thats up because of PPA and amortization from the acquisitions. CapEx was 13 million versus 9 million in the last years quarter. So far year-to-date our capital expenditures were 31 million and thats compared to a budget of roughly $50 million. And backlog information. At the end of the third quarter, we had a record multiyear backlog of $2.18 billion. We split that in our segments; transit backlog was 1.3 billion and freight 886 million; the increase from the second quarter, about half gained from acquisitions and half gained from contracts for locomotive overhauls, freight car components and singling projects; a rolling 12 month backlog which is a subset of the multiyear backlog was 1.4 billion and you split that again; 641 million for transit and 736 million for freight. Ill point out that the total backlog figures that we just quoted do not include about 220 million of contract options. We dont count them in backlog until a customer actually exercises the options. With that report, I'll turn it over back to Al.
Al Neupaver:  Thanks, Pat. Once again we had a strong performance in the third quarter with record sales and earnings, strong cash flow and a record backlog. We expect to close out 2014 with another record year and weve increased our EPS guidance from $3.58 to $3.62 on revenue growth of about 18%. We are happy with our strategic progress and our long-term growth opportunities we see as countries around the world continue to invest in freight, rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced and extremely dedicated management team that has taken advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in market conditions. With that, well be more than happy to answer your questions.
Operator:  We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo:  The global growth strategy, you continue to execute well there. Can you maybe discuss areas or regions that you think you are gaining the greatest traction, maybe better than expected and then maybe conversely areas that you feel you're still a bit challenged in?
Al Neupaver:  I think overall you're correct, we are making great progress when you look at our international expansion with a third of our business outside of the U.S. just a few years ago and today were over 50% of our business. If you look at freight and transit individually, our freight sales, 43% were outside of the U.S., where in transit it was up around 65%. So, one of the areas that I think we continue to make progress in is transit. As we explained to you all over time that were a small player in a large market in both the European and the Asian areas. So we continue to focus on those areas and I think our acquisitions that weve targeted have helped that transition as well. When you look from a location globally where are we getting a better footing, I think its -- I would almost say almost everywhere else and I dont know of an area that were not making progress in. We actually have entered some transit orders in Russia that was a target market for us. Were getting a larger position in Europe. We have opportunities that we think that were going to be able to take advantage of in South Africa. If you look at the freight markets in Brazil and Australia, we continue to make progress and gain market share and continue to offer new products in those areas. Even with the shutdown of -- not the shutdown, but the slowdown in China, we still see a lot of activity in the infrastructure area. I think one of the things that Ray mentioned that is extremely important is that we did get another, not a large, but a small signaling project from a new customer in Brazil. I think thats a great sign that our efforts at MRS are being noticed and I think that that hopefully will give us the momentum to continue its growth in that area as well as Australia after our acquisition with C2CE. So, I think internationally, we expect to continue to grow and were making progress around the world.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: And then Pat, I just want to clarify. I think you said transit organic adjusting for the locomotive was up 14%. Was that the right number?
Pat Dugan:  Thats right. Yes, so we had -- if you go a year ago quarter, we had a couple of projects that are now completed. So if you were to compare the sales, we would end up with about $35 million in improvements and thats about 14%.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: And whats driving that? It sounds like you had sort of flat funding. I mean is it your execution outside the U.S. thats driving that organic higher?
Ray Betler:  So the order sales are large in the new locomotive area and they're lumpy. There's not continuous orders in the transit commuter market. So we had a couple of large orders, one in New York City that we finished out, one in NBTA that we're about to finish out. So were going to deliver all those locomotives this year. So its really the unique size of the orders in this area. But I think what your question was, where is the strength coming from transit globally and the answer is globally. Were getting -- were having some success in new markets that we have been working on for years.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Justin Long with Stephens.
Justin Long - Stephens Inc.:  I wanted to ask first about the organic growth profile of the business. Just given the tightness in the North American freight rail market, PTC, what youre seeing globally, do you believe the organic growth rate that youre seeing in the business today is sustainable? How do you look out over the next several quarters?
Al Neupaver:  Weve said in the past and I think that this will continue to hold true, we think that organically we could grow our businesses mid single-digit rate. And if we want to sustain the top-line growth that weve experienced over the last five to 10 years, we'll then have to supplement that with acquisitions as well. Realizing that when we look at these acquisitions, were trying to make sure that we have acquisitions that are strategic. By strategic means means that we could grow and we can improve that profitability. So I think that when we put together our strategic plan, which we just presented to the Board just last month, we feel that we could very well hit that target of at least mid-single digits internal growth into the planning period.
Justin Long - Stephens Inc.: And as a second question, its obviously been a very good year for PTC and the related revenue growth, but I wanted to get an update on your early expectations for 2015. Do you think that PTC related revenue can continue to increase next year just based on your current contracts and the discussions youre having with customers?
Al Neupaver:  Without really talking about 2015, because were right in the middle of our planning process for our budget Ray and his team are putting that together. I may just -- maybe Ray if you want to give an update on -- there was a nice report that we saw that was put out by the Association of American Railroads that kind of gives a summary on where theyre at and I think that will give you an indication on what you might see into the future.
Ray Betler: So Justin, for '15 we feel pretty good about '15 and the reason is if you look at the report that Al has referenced and Tim can send it to you, it basically says that about 50% of the spend has been executed today, so that's 4 billion out of 8 billion. About 50% of locomotives have been equipped either fully or partially, about a third of the wayside equipment. So there is still a significant amount of revenue opportunity for the base business. And again, as we have elaborated several times, there will be follow-on opportunities associated with the aftermarket and enhancement. So there is still a lot of work to do. The railroads are working very hard to install and develop the qualification process and submit their safety cases. Theyre all in different states of accomplishment there and we feel pretty good about '15.
Justin Long - Stephens Inc.:  Ill sneak one last one in kind of along those lines. One of the items that was brought up at the Investor Day was the potential to integrate new productivity related products into the PTC on-board technology in an effort to leverage that system. Could you provide some more color on what some of those products might look like and maybe a realistic timeframe for starting to make progress on that opportunity?
Al Neupaver:  I think that progress has already been made on a lot of that. I think youll see that the railroads are using not necessarily autopilot but throttle control and a similar mechanism is cruise control so that they can maximize their fuel efficiencies. There is also products that are related to planning on where some of these trains are moved, when theyre moved and how theyre moved, I think efficiencies related to sensor technology that would monitor the health of a particular locomotive. There are probably a myriad of enhancements that are being looked at and worked on, some of which are already being implemented. Are these going to deliver $8 billion of savings? No. But now that the railroads, the class ones and other railroads are going to have a computer on-board, its critical that were talking about how do we better utilize that computer to help with the productivity, efficiency and safety of the railroad and thats exactly what were doing. Ray and the team are out there talking to the various railroads exactly about that and trying to pick the easier ones first and well continue to work on this as we go forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: So, just want to follow up on the PTC question. How much of the revenue this year includes some aftermarket opportunity? And is there -- when do you think the aftermarket starts coming? And any way to put some context on how big that could be, is the first part on PTC? And then any update on how far along you are on the transit side with PTC?
Al Neupaver: Okay. First question is related to, has the aftermarket really kicked in. And as you define aftermarket, the answer to that is, not extensively. I think that we have some service agreements that fall in that category, but were really focused right now on, especially in the U.S., on getting the pilots running, the field testing done. And once all this equipment has been commissioned, I think thats when you start turning over to more of the aftermarket. Were closer to that with our MRS project down in Brazil where we should be able to get some aftermarket business in 2015. Your second question was related to where do we stand on the transit. Up to this point weve announced five or six transit authorities that we have contracts with. Thats out of a potential 21. Those contracts we announced, you could go back and add them up, its probably $150 million to $170 million. So, that will give you an indication of where that is. Its hard to predict the size of the projects because in some cases we may be the program manager or maybe a turnkey, in other cases we may just be supplying the on-board computer. So, I think that gives you a fair indication about where were at in the transit PTC. I think also in the transit arena, the aftermarket and service portion probably is a good opportunity as well, because most of those organizations do not have a large signaling department or people that are capable of maintaining that system going forward.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: We hear from freight rail, locomotives are really really tight. Whats your -- how do you think about the locomotive market entering next year? Do you have a better relationship with one versus the other OEM on that side? Does that matter if one of the OEMs is leaving the market? How do you think about how is Wabtec positioned with this tight locomotive market?
Al Neupaver: We work very hard to have a good relationship with all potential customers. And I think the market right now because of the requirement of Tier 4 requirements on which one of the producers is now offering a product and my understanding is that they have a good backlog that goes out a couple of years related to that. But you must keep in mind that the locomotive market is not just for the U.S., there is a lot of locomotives being sold worldwide. And I think both the major U.S. producers are taking advantage of that international market trends that although were not sure we havent really looked to 2015 to the point where we could talk about it, but we think that the demand for locomotives is going to continue as long as the economy continues to push and there is demands. I think that there might be a tightness of availability, but I dont see a big drop coming in '15 because of the regulation change as long as the economy keeps the demand up.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Just last question maybe for Pat or Al or whoever on the margin side. So the margins were down, year-over-year operating margins, and yet the Fandstan mix impact. Should we think that the next three quarters have a similar cosmetic margin pressure or is it -- are there enough other things going on in the business or improvements coming in Fandstan where we can start to see margin expansion again in a quarter or two?
Ray Betler: What happened in the third quarter when you look at all the acquisitions together, we had less than a 10% contribution margin from those increase in sales where the rest of the business was really operating where it should be. Some of that are just price accounting that is one time. Those onetime charges usually flow out between six to nine months and a little tail but not much of an impact. So I would think there would be some impact going into the first quarter of 2015. But also though after about three to six months we expect some of our synergies start kicking in as well to hopefully offset that.
Operator: The next question comes from Arthur Hatfield with Raymond James.
Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  If I could kind of follow-up on that a little bit, based on kind of how I'm modeling fourth quarter due to your guidance that you gave for the rest of the year. I am kind of coming up with an SG&A number for the year that is growing a little bit above 20%. And I understand that could move around based on what actually happens with Q4. But I cant even recollect, but it appears that thats the first time that thats going to outpace revenue growth in a very long time. And I understand that PPA is probably having an impact there. I know you don't want to get too much in the detail on '15, but should we think about that SG&A kind of flattening from here now that you have got these acquisitions installed or is there opportunity to reduce that number as we go forward?
Ray Betler:  We are always going to be doing acquisitions, so that isnt going to slow down. But I think Pat has taken a good look at the SG&A, engineering and amortization and maybe Pat you can address that.
Pat Dugan:  Right. So if you look at the SG&A, we're roughly for the quarter 88 million. We have some acquisition cost and some other that when you take a full quarter it might increase that a little bit, but some other onetime expenses that are more related to PPA and professional fees. And so I think our run rate is going to end up being in the range of 85 million to 86 million per quarter for SG&A.
Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  And thats exclusive of any further acquisitions I would assume?
Pat Dugan:  Thats right. And then when you look at engineering, I think our engineering is going to be relatively flat for the quarter. And then our amortization expense is a little high. We have some onetime acquisition amortization in there and thats going to then be offset by ongoing amortization of intangibles and other cost. So I think the best number for your model would be somewhere around $5.8 million to $6 million.
Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Also just as I think -- I have been trying to figure this out and I dont know if my numbers are right because I am not going to share. But when I think about the acquisitions that you've made this year, and lets just assume that there is no growth to the companies after you acquired them for that first 12 months, kind of how much acquisition revenue do you already have embedded for 2015?
Al Neupaver:  The only thing I would recommend you do is go back to the announcements related to each of the acquisitions and relatively when they were acquired. I think you could get a pretty good feel from that.
Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Okay. So you are basically telling me my numbers are probably right?
Al Neupaver:  I did not say that. I dont know your numbers.
Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Thats why I asked you, Al. And did you guys say how much of a detrimental impact Fandstan had on margins in the quarter?
Al Neupaver:  The only I have mentioned is that the contribution margin related to all the acquisitions was 10%.
Operator:  The next question comes from Liam Burke with Wunderlich Securities.
Liam Burke - Wunderlich Securities:  Al, you talked about lots of opportunity on the transport side. You've had a fair amount of runway being the third player -- roughly the third player in the market. Are you seeing any competitive pushback here?
Al Neupaver:  Obviously our competitors are very aware of our presence in the marketplace. We have got excellent competitors and we have been in some tough battles along the way. And keep in mind that one of the things that we really like about the rail market is the barriers to entry. And just as we are able to protect our base pretty good, they do a good job of protecting their base as well. So as we do make progress, the one thing that you could be assured is that you've got to earn your ability to keep it. But if you do a good job, there is barriers for others to enter. So we do see some tough competition there.
Liam Burke - Wunderlich Securities: And with the tight locomotive market you announced or you mentioned a servicing contract on the locomotives heading the backlog. Do you need to beef up that area of the business or invest any additional funds there?
Al Neupaver:  We have received some orders that -- the railroads have some choices on whether or not they buy locomotives or they could actually take and repower or upgrade their existing locomotives as long. As long as they improve, they don't have to reach Tier 4, but they do have to improve on the emissions. And some of the railroads are doing that and we're taking advantage of that. In order to take advantage of that, we do not need to spend any capital at all. We have the capability at our locomotive plant out in Boise, Idaho as well as we've put in -- I think weve established three if not four -- how many, Ray?
Ray Betler:  Three, currently.
Al Neupaver:  Yeah. Three current locomotive overhaul service centers around the country.
Operator:  The next question comes from Scott Blumenthal with Emerald Advisors.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors:  Al, the business showed very, very strong organic growth. I think we all have a good idea as to the pulse of domestic rail activity and the freight railcar business is strong with record backlogs. Can you maybe discuss some of the other business and markets that were particularly strong and contributed to the organic growth?
Al Neupaver:  I'll pass it on to Ray here.
Ray Betler:  In general across the board we have new product development that were introducing, Scott, throughout the worldwide market. We have a lot of examples that add, on the transit side, new brake systems, new calipers, new disks, new electronics thats generated -- resulted in incremental revenue and future orders. On the locomotive side Al just talked about Tier 4 heat exchangers, we have developed for that application on the new locomotives for NAFTA. Locomotives internationally we have new products that were selling as complete brake systems. There is incremental growth organically through some of the acquisitions, Fandstan in particular has new technologies that theyre introducing thats contributed to organic growth. So both on the freight and the transit side and a part of it is the diversified international markets that we have focused on and that focus has been both in product development and in certification. There is a tremendous effort in cost thats required to participate in these international markets. And we, again slowly, shortly, incrementally are focused on getting that product certified so that we can sell into these international markets. Al mentioned Russia, Russia is a good example. We were on platform for locomotives in Kazakhstan. We took those products and we focused, like changes needed to be made in Russia and made those changes and over the last two years have gotten certification for a whole plethora of products in Russia. So those are some examples that I can give you.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Ray, you did bring up the heat exchanger business. Obviously there are multiple applications for those things and youve been benefiting recently from some of the strength in the oil and gas business. Wondering if the recent downturn in oil prices concerns you and if you've heard anything either directly or anecdotally from some of the customers that maybe give you a little bit of concern there?
Ray Betler:  I would say in general, we are pleased, but are concerned about everything. So there is a lot of speculation about whats going to happen on a micro and a macro basis in terms of changing oil prices. But we havent seen an impact at this point. And I think in general the heat exchanger business, both on power generation side as well as on the locomotive side, has been really good for us this year and we anticipate growth next year.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: And one last one if I may. Al mentioned the signaling project with a new customer in Brazil. Im assuming that the new customer is separate from the MRS project which was the PTC project and I was also wondering if that represented the bulk of the -- or a larger portion of the backlog growth sequentially.
Al Neupaver:  As I said, its not a large order. Its just an important order because it gives is more creditability in the marketplace.
Operator: 
.: 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  Relative to Scotts question, that signal project, that I presume is a PTC project, correct?
Al Neupaver:  Yes. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  And just one other housekeeping. Do you have the equity number at the end of the quarter?
Pat Dugan:  Yes. Its 1,789,609. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: I know you guys are big in WPS, so thats good to hear. Actually that answers what I had. Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs:  Just to start off here, it looks like gross margin was up about 120 bps year-on-year and was definitely ahead of our expectations here. So its continuing to inch up. Im just curious what specifically is driving that. Is that mix, is that WPS? Just want to understand again just on the gross margin line whats driving that.
Al Neupaver: Okay. I think some of it is mix. Thats a term were not allowed to use internally, because thats usually an excuse not a plus. But I think the other thing is we continue to drive our margins through our Wabtec Performance System. I think Ray and the team have done a tremendous job staying focused on increasing the productivity efficiency, getting advantages from sourcing. He started a new initiative on cost quality. I think thats what's driving it. There's only so much leverage that you have on your SG&A and operating cost. So, thats the reason youre seeing and hopefully well be able to continue that.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: And then transitioning to the backlog here, I think if our numbers are right, orders increased sequentially in freight over $300 million, transit is up over almost nearly $200 million. So, I mean can you maybe breakdown what the real drivers are of that significant quarter-on-quarter order strength?
Al Neupaver: Sam, we've got to admit there's -- we were not totally complete analyzing the Fandstan backlog at the end of the second quarter when we fine tune that backlog that contributed to the part of the difference between second and third quarter. If you take that into account, that backlog about 50% to 55% of the backlog gain is from acquisitions, the balance was internal orders from which we talked about, freight car components, the locomotive overhaul. And I think that we feel that the internal growth rate is about 13%. We did some work on it.
Pat Dugan: Yeah. Even if you adjust, I think it was about 100 million that the second quarter backlog was light. And even if you adjust for that, the third quarter backlog was still up by 13% over the second quarter. That's still a pretty strong increase.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: I guess I can follow up offline regarding the actual numbers here. And then just lastly thinking about the railcar cycle, you mentioned that 67,000 expectation for 2014, initial view of the 2015, up, down, sideways, how are you thinking about that?
Al Neupaver: Well, I think that again were in our planning process right now for next year. I know in my nine years in the industry Ive never seen a backlog at 124,000, that's the only thing I could tell you. But there is capacity constraints, especially on certain types of cars that were aware of, especially tank cars which makes up 50% of the backlog.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Longbow Research.
Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research: So wanted to follow up on PTC, if I could. Do you have total PTC revenue contribution for third quarter and how that broke up between freight and transit?
Al Neupaver: We think the sales were around 75 million and its still hanging in there, about half is freight, about 25% is transit and 25% international. So it is still around those percentages.
Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research: And I think, Ray earlier on the call talked to kind of the upper end of PTC growth, revenue growth, the range that you had provided at the end of second quarter. Just trying to get a feel for or A, confirm that and B, get a feel for why potentially you have more conviction in that bigger number.
Ray Betler: Maybe I didnt articulate it properly, Matt. But it was up 25% growth this year over last year.
Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research: Okay.
Ray Betler: Is that what youre asking?
Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research: Yeah. I think that the former range -- Im probably getting a little bit too nitpicky here. But the former range was like 20% to 25% growth for this year and you talked to that 25% number. So I was just curious if...
Al Neupaver: The reason for the range is that a lot of the orders right now -- and I think we might have explained this in the past  are tied to field testing and the field testing continues. If its moved up and there is no issues, you tend to see more orders than you would if there is  if they come in with an issue or when it gets slowed down for any reason. So, that was the reason for our conservatism and projecting last quarter.
Ray Betler: And the other issue that Al mentioned, Matt, is the transit authorities continue struggle with this funding issue. So we cant predict when theyre going to receive their funding and release order. So, were involved with all the transit authorities at various stages of business development. But a lot of their spending decisions are dependent on funding.
Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research:  And then this new signaling contract in Brazil that it sounds like it is a PTC work. Are you able to provide a little bit more color on that contract, who potentially you are doing the work for? How much this could grow or maybe you're a little bit -- you are not able to give that color at this point?
Al Neupaver:  We are not able to give the color any further than basically what we say and it is PTC related work. And its a new customer and its a small amount. But the important thing is we are getting looks from other people and thats one of the things we have talked about in the past. We just wanted to give you an indication of it. But we are not capable of saying anything else at this point.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for any closing remarks.
Tim Wesley:  Okay. Thanks, everybody. We will talk to you at the end of February when we have our fourth quarter report. Have a great day.
Al Neupaver:  Thank you.
Operator:  The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - Executive Chairman Raymond T. Betler - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Patrick D. Dugan - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Justin Long - Stephens Inc., Research Division Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Willard P. Milby - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Wabtec's Second Quarter Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thank you, Theresa. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I'll introduce the people who are here with me: Our Executive Chairman, Al Neupaver; Ray Betler, our President and CEO; our CFO, Pat Dugan; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. As usual, we will make our prepared remarks, and then we'll take your questions. During the call, as always, we'll make forward-looking statements, so please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Before I hand it over to Al, I would like to remind you that we've set the dates for our Annual Investor Conference. This year, it's going to be held October 1 and 2 at 2 of our plants in Germany, including 1 of the Fandstan locations. And we'll be sending more details over the next week or so, but feel free to contact me in the meantime if you'd like more information. Al?
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Tim, and good morning. We had an excellent operating performance in the second quarter with record sales of $731 million and record earnings of $0.91 per diluted share. Our operating margin continued to expand nicely and was at a record 18.1%. Cash flow from operations was strong as we generated $111 million for the quarter. Our backlog increased during the quarter and now stands at a record $1.8 billion. From these statistics, you, obviously, can see that the business is performing well. And that's thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. We are optimistic and excited about our long-term opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets. These markets are large, they're global and they're growing. And we are positioned well to participate in all of them. Today, we increased our 2014 guidance. We now expect full year earnings per diluted share to be about $3.52. This is based on a sales growth of about 15% for the year. Our guidance assumes the following: continued modest growth in the global economy; the U.S. and European transit markets remain stable with the emerging markets driving growth; U.S. freight traffic will continue to grow modestly with OEM locomotive and car builds growing. So far this year, traffic -- freight traffic's up about 4%. We're assuming no major change in -- changes in foreign exchange rates. We're assuming a tax rate of about 31.5% in total for the year. It's worth noting that this guidance includes the now-completed Fandstan acquisition as did our previous guidance. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost. We're going to stay focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities, and we will always be ready to respond if market conditions change. Now I'd like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ray Betler.
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks, Al. Near the end of the quarter, we closed on a very significant and strategic acquisition, Fandstan Electric, with annual sales of about $245 million. Fandstan makes highly engineered components, mainly pantographs and third-rail shoe gear, and it has strong IP, good engineering technical capabilities, and about 60% of its business in Transit, 40% in industrial and energy sectors. It meets all of our strategic criteria: new products, there's no product overlap; aftermarket, 30% of the sales are in the aftermarket area; it has products installed in over 100 countries; global expansion, 50% of their business is in Continental Europe, 20% in the U.K., 20% in Asia Pacific, and 10% in the U.S. The integration process for Fandstan is already underway. It'll take time and lots of effort to complete, but we've made good progress. We visited the countries, all the country and company operations, each of the key facilities. We've talked to key management people on all the employees. We've mapped out initial plans for integrating functions such as accounting and IT, and we are beginning to introduce Wabtec's lean and sourcing activities into Fandstan. We continue to be confident that there are significant opportunities to improve Fandstan's margins, which are slowly -- slightly lower than our current Transit margins. So in 2014, we'll see significant sales from Fandstan but minimum earnings accretion due to the integration cost and the purchase-price accounting charges. We're very confident that Fandstan will be an excellent addition to our overall portfolio. Compelling markets. One of the reasons we're optimistic about Wabtec's future is that we are involved in a very compelling market. Our markets, mainly freight and passenger transit, are large, they're global and they're growing. According to a UNIFE study, the worldwide adjustable rail supply market exceeds $100 billion. It has an annual growth of about 3%. Western Europe, Asia Pacific and NAFTA are the largest geographical markets. Rolling stock is the largest product segment, and outsourced services is the fastest-growing segment. We have opportunities in both. All of the markets are focused on improving safety and efficiency, and that's where Wabtec plays a very important role. The markets are also compelling because an efficient transportation system and robust infrastructure are essential to the global economies, their growth in both developed and emerging countries. And finally, secular trends also drive investment: awareness of environmental issues and benefits, urbanization, and energy evolution. Let's talk about the freight rail sector. In NAFTA, freight rail traffic is up 4.2% so far this year, led by a 6% increase in intermodal. OEM rolling stock deliveries this year will be higher than in 2013. We expect approximately 65,000 freight cars and about 1,200 locomotives to be delivered this year. That compares to 53,000 last year and about 1,000 locomotives. Globally, freight traffic is generally growing with Germany and U.K. posting increases of 4% and 6%, respectively. As you know, we are focused on increasing our global footprint and product offerings. We see opportunities in markets that are larger than our traditional NAFTA market. So for example, the global installed base of locomotives is about 110,000 with about 35% of that fleet in Asia Pacific and only about 20% in the U.S. The global installed base of freight cars is about $5.2 million. About 30% of that is found in the U.S. and about 20% in Asia Pacific. Now if we move to Transit. Stability is still the theme of our transit markets, both in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S. and Canada, ridership was basically flat in the first quarter, no doubt affected by weather. But in the U.K., ridership was up 7% in the most recent quarter, and in Germany, it was also slightly up. In 2013, North America transit car deliveries were about 1,000, bus deliveries were about 4,500, and we expect about the same volume this year. Transit funding in the U.S. is also stable at about $10 billion. That's about where it's been over the past several years, and currently, there's a 2-year transportation bill, which expires later this year, that we expect will be extended because it doesn't appear that Congress will be interested in passing a longer-term bill. Just as with freight, we're focused on global growth and increasing our product offerings because the markets are larger overseas than in NAFTA. We estimate the installed base, globally, of transit cars to be about 330,000 with about 5% of that base in our NAFTA market. We continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Our priorities for allocating free cash remain the same: first is it -- to fund internal growth programs, including capital expenditures; second, acquisitions; and our third focus is to return money to shareholders through a combination of dividend and stock buybacks. So in second quarter, we repurchased 194,700 shares for about $14 million. That means that we still have $184 million left on our $200 million buyback authorization. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing our cost, by driving down our working capital and by controlling our capital expenditures. Our growth strategies also remain the same. There's four: global market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new product development and acquisitions. So let's talk about our progress in some of these strategic areas. Growth strategies. On the global and market expansion front, in the second quarter, sales outside the U.S. were about $350 million, just under half of the total sales versus -- about 1/3 five years ago. So we're making great progress here. We continued to expand our capabilities and market presence in various markets around the world. In particular, we have opportunities in places such as Europe, China and South Africa. On the aftermarket expansion side, sales were about $450 million in second quarter, about 60% of our total sales, and up from about $350 million 1 year ago quarter. This growth is due to acquisitions and also internal growth initiatives. On the new product side, we continue to have tremendous focus on this effort also. Many internal development projects, such as electronic braking, our oil-free compressors and locomotive services area has focused our spending in this area. And positive train control continues to be one of our major growth drivers. PTC-related sales came in at about $235 million in 2013, and based on our first half 2014 numbers, we're on track for PTC sales growth of about 20% to 25% this year as we continue to work with railroads and other industry suppliers to develop an interoperable system. And as you know, railroads and transit authorities have said that meeting the December 2015 deadline for PTC is not possible, and that could lead to an extension of that deadline. We've analyzed this, and we don't believe it will have a meaningful impact on our total PTC opportunity. Acquisitions. Our pipeline continues to be very active, and we're pleased with the opportunities that we have in front of us. And now I'd like to turn it over to Pat, who will provide some details on the financials.
Patrick D. Dugan: Okay. Thanks, Ray, and good morning to everybody. I just want to highlight certain aspects of our quarterly results in the next few minutes. Sales for the second quarter were a record $731 million, which is 15% higher than last year. In our Freight segment, sales increased 16%. Of that increase, $24 million came from acquisitions, and the remaining growth in that -- in our freight car -- remaining growth in that segment is from our freight car components and our electronics businesses. In the Transit segment, our sales increased 13%. $16 million of that increase is from acquisitions, and the remaining growth is from the transit side of our electronics business and from our U.K. and European aftermarket. For 2014, we expect to see revenues increase in both of these segments with freight probably growing at a little bit faster rate. When you look at other elements of the income statement, I mentioned that the operating income was a record $132 million or about 18.1% of sales. That operating margin in the second quarter of -- the operating margin in the second quarter of 2013 was 17.6%. So we continue to find ways to improve. Our interest expense for the quarter was $4.5 million. That's a bit higher than compared to 1 year ago quarter, and that's because of the additional borrowings related to the acquisitions. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.7% versus 32% 1 year ago. We expect that our annual rate will remain similar for the rest of 2014, but the quarters may vary due to the timing of any discrete tax items that may occur. When you shift to the balance sheet, in terms of working capital, at the end of June, our trade and unbilled receivables were $717 million, inventories were $482 million and accounts payable were $397 million. Compared to March 31, 2014, the trade and unbilled receivables were $637 million, inventories were $420 million, and payables were $345 million. The increases in this balance are due mainly to the acquisition of Fandstan, which contributed about $95 million of working capital, and the remaining growth is due to our growth through the quarters. An important element of AR, unbilled receivables are included in the AR balance, and they are related to long-term contracts. And the collection of those unbilled receivables are driven by the -- our projects meeting certain key milestones. As our business becomes more global, that expanded footprint affects our working capital requirements and long-term contracts as billings based on projects milestones will also -- will be a big factor. Our cash from operations had a strong result. We generated $111 million for the quarter. Our cash on hand at June 30 was $226 million, mostly outside of the U.S. As a comparison, we had $295 million on hand at March 31. Our debt balances at June 30 were $501 million, which has increased from $451 million at March 31. Both cash and debt balances, of course, were affected by the acquisition of Fandstan during the quarter. Of the $220 million purchase price for Fandstan, about half was funded with cash on hand in foreign locations, and the other half was borrowed. A couple miscellaneous items that we always point out. Our depreciation for the quarter was $9.2 million compared to $8.9 million in last year. Amortization expense was $5.1 million compared to $5.2 million in the last year. And our capital expenditures were $12 million versus $8 million. For the year, we expect our total CapEx to be about 5 -- $50 million, excuse me, $50 million, and that includes Fandstan. Backlog. We have a record multiyear backlog of about $1.8 billion, which is about 7% higher than at the end of March. Included in this number was about $95 million from Fandstan. When you split up the backlog, $1.3 million (sic) [billion] is for our Transit segment and $590 million is for Freight. Our rolling 12-month backlog, which is a subset of the multiyear, was $1.2 billion, which is a 9% increase from March. When you split that again, $662 million is in Transit and $513 million for Freight. These figures do not include about $250 million of contract options. We don't count them in backlog until our customer exercises those options. With that, I'm happy to turn it back to Al for his summary comments.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Pat and Ray. Once again, we had a strong performance in this last quarter. Record sales, record earnings, record margins, strong cash flow and a record backlog. For 2014, we anticipate another record year and increase or -- and we increased our EPS guidance to about $3.52 on a revenue growth of about 15%. We're happy with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see as countries around the world continue to invest in freight rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced and dedicated management team that is taking advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in market conditions. With that, we'd be more than happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On -- so the past few days, obviously, a lot of noise with crude by rail and the tank car safety, and electronic braking, both in Canada and the U.S., is really getting some thought. Can you just give us your thoughts on it and how we should be thinking about it? Obviously, it wouldn't be something until, let's say, 2016 or so. Just curious.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, Allison. It has been -- it hit the news, as you know, I think it was yesterday. And we've taken a look at what's out there. Obviously, it's way early to try to understand, really, what the final specification's going to be. And we're talking about a 60-day comment period, and then they could actually extend that another 90 days for a review. I think that the fact that the railroads are looking at being able to transport crude oil in a safer manner is critical to the industry. I think that the rules with their proposal, and obviously, provides quite a bit of flexibility, and it's hard to really make any statements related to how it might impact Wabtec today or even 2, 3 years down the road. One thing I can do, and we didn't have this in our prepared remarks, but I can give you a little bit of some color related to ECP. Today, if you look at worldwide, there's over 40,000 cars that are equipped with ECP around the world. Most of the ECP adoption has been in regions such as Australia, South Africa and the Middle East. There's also ECPs being looked at in some of the other freight-dominant markets around the world. Some of the positive advantages of ECP is that it does provide shorter stopping distances, anywhere from 40% to 60%. ECP allows graduated release. Today, the engineer either has the brakes fully engaged or they could release them. They're either fully engaged or fully released. And they use dynamic stopping as a way to regulate the speed of a train, especially on grades -- steep grades. ECP uses less air, which means that there is -- if you needed another release in a quick period of time, there would be more air available. It provides an opportunity for diagnostics. You have electric built in to every car, therefore, you could very easily put smart sensors and be able to use it to provide information about the health of the train. It does create some fuel savings. I think that it's been documented and reported that there are some fuel savings related to -- I think in one case, it was up to almost 13% over conventional braking. In an emergency situation, you get shorter stopping distances. You get a faster recovery time of the air pressure and the pipeline. And it also -- it gives you less in-train forces, and the forces that are created by the emergency stop, obviously, can lead to other problems down the road. So those are some of the advantages. It is adopted around the world. What the -- how this will be impacted by the latest discussions around crude by rail, it's just way too early to say. So I think is always the one thing that we've stated and we state again, I mean, our reason for existence is to work on the -- in helping the railroads improve their productivity, their efficiency and safety. And I think we're one of the few companies in the world that is totally focused on that.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No, that's great color. And then just the second question. In terms of your outlook for the year and keeping revenue, it implies somewhat of EBIT pressure in the back half. Should I assume that a big part of that is coming from Fandstan, from the acquisition?
Raymond T. Betler: Fandstan, Allison, as we said, is going to add significant revenue for the year. But relative to the operating result, we have the purchase-price accounting that will offset profit opportunities, and we, obviously, have some integration costs associated with it. So it will add to our overall revenue mix and performance for the year, but you won't see significant impact on the result.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Group from Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: So all the rails are taking up CapEx guidance for cars and locomotives, and looks like you guys raised your expectations for those markets, too. I'm wondering, why keep the revenue guidance at 15%? It feels like we're already kind of on that run rate before Fandstan. Is there something offsetting that's getting worse that's going to pressure the revenue growth? Or is there upside to that 15%?
Albert J. Neupaver: At this point, you have to look at the markets and you got to say, it's good. The rail business is good right now. There's no doubt about it. And I think that as we look into the second half of the year, it's easy to calculate that our revenue growth is almost all acquisitions related to Fandstan, and thus, as Ray just explained, that, that would have an impact on the margins because of the statements that he just made. Are we going to see the car build and locomotive build get better in the second half? I think we're kind of looking at a little bit of a conservative approach on the -- on those particular market factors. The other thing that plays into our look in the second half, we typically get a little bit of seasonality in the third quarter. And that's always a little hard to predict. So yes, things are good in the marketplace right now. There's no doubt about it.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. That makes sense. In terms of the margins, I think the negative mix of Fandstan for the rest of '14 makes sense. But, Al, I know you guys talk about continuous margin improvement, but is there a point where you say, "You know what? I don't think this is a business that can do a 20% operating margin?" Or is there a level where you say, "You know what, this is as good as it can get?" Or does a 20% margin number, at some point in the future, not seem unrealistic?
Albert J. Neupaver: I can tell you -- and I'd like Ray to answer this as well, but I could tell you that you will never hear me make the statement that we can't get better. And as a matter of fact, one of the initiatives that Ray and the management team has come up with in the last year is that we really had not focused on the cost of poor quality. And now we're looking at adding this as the -- one of those areas that we focus on year-to-year that would give us incremental improvement. I think there's always room for improvement. I think that it also can be driven just by the -- how you look at your strategy related to your acquisition program. Are we going to be looking for businesses that are accretive or dilutive when it comes to margins? So I think there's always room for improvement. And Ray, maybe you can talk a little bit about this cost-of-quality initiative that you started that I am super impressed with.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. So Scott, I agree 100% with Al. Our focus is simply on continuing to improve in every area of the business, which, hopefully, leads to profitability improvement. And we've talked before about corporate counsels that we have in place that address every key business process area. There's 8 of those now. We just put 1 in place for project management. But quality counsel has put a, basically, a metric process in place where we measure total cost of poor quality. We always had quality metrics, obviously, but this is a more robust, comprehensive measurement process that tries to, really, identify and itemize every specific contributor to poor-quality cost. So why do we want to address poor-quality cost? Because those are opportunities to bring money to the bottom line, and it also represents significant opportunities to do a better job in the customer service and customer satisfaction area. So we're going to put a target in place. We've talked about 2% improvement year-on-year as one of our requirements in the budget process. That 2% focused on strategic sourcing. It focused on our lean process. And it focused on pricing. We're going to add incrementally to that objective, that requirement and include an improvement on cost of poor quality for every business next year. So that's not the only initiative, but it's an example of the initiatives that we have in place across the corporation.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: That's good, Scott. And just last question, just a follow-up on the ECP brakes. Can you just remind us -- and I think we understand you guys have the patent. Are there competitors with similar patents on the ECP brakes? And what's your latest estimate on the revenue per car for you guys? Because it does feel like it's coming in Canada and, who knows, maybe in the U.S.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Right now, there's 2 suppliers of electronic controlled pneumatic braking: ourselves and New York Air Brake, which is a U.S. division of Knorr, which is our competitor in Germany. It's privately held. The ECP, when you look at what the costs are for an EP -- ECP system, it's really pretty variable on what you order. We offer what is called an overlay ECP. Now an overlay system allows you to operate that brake valve in a conventional manner or in an electronic manner. You also have the option of putting on a brake. The brakes are made up of 2 different parts: There's a service part and there's an emergency part to the brake. And there's a pipe bracket that combine these 2. You -- if you put on ECP and you wanted to give up the option to use it conventionally, you could eliminate the service portion of the brake and only use ECP. So that's an option. You could also take an existing brake and add a pipe bracket as well as ECP to it. So it's a range of costs that really could be a few thousand up to $7,000 or $8000 to outfit a railcar. You also have to have -- in order to work, you have to outfit the locomotive with compatibility with the particular cars. And that adds another cost to the particular implementation.
Operator: Our next question is from Sam Eisner from Goldman Sachs.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just going to the comments on cash flow. I think through the first half of the year, operating cash flow was about $137 million -- $140 million versus about $45 million last year. So just curious what's driving the strength in cash flow for this year.
Patrick D. Dugan: The second quarter -- this is Pat, by the way. The second quarter was particularly strong. We -- our earnings were good for the quarter. Our working capital remained fairly stable compared to our sales growth. And so -- and then, the acquisition of Fandstan, it -- we explained that does drive up some of the working capital elements. But it's, obviously, acquired through the deal. The combination of all those things gave us a really good "cash flow from operations" result in Q2. And in Q1 and then in the first half of 2013, you had projects and revenue growth that were really driving up working capital.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then just to follow up on that. I mean, is the expectation for this year that free cash will be in excess of net income? I know that the last 2 years, we haven't reached that bogey. So just curious how you guys are thinking about that.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yes, it's always been our goal -- our stated goal. And we plan to execute...
Albert J. Neupaver: We expect to do that.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yes.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then on PTC, it seems as though you guys are updating your expectations for PTC for 2014. I believe last quarter was only about $275 million -- or $270 million, for that matter. So just curious why -- you're basically implying $280 million or $290 million. Curious what you're seeing in the marketplace from a PTC standpoint. And then what is the expectation, potentially, for 2015 on PTC?
Raymond T. Betler: I think that PTC, Sam, is -- what we're seeing in marketplace is, to some extent, probably people trying to do their best to meet the deadline. Even though people have announced that they're not going to be able to do that, I think people are trying in earnest to do the best they can to expedite PTC implementation where possible. I think, you also have some make-up, catch-up that is a result of the suspension that existed because of the Native Indian burial grounds that's resolved, and people are probably trying to do some catch-up there. So I think, overall, it's a healthy situation, and it's going to continue into 2015.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just lastly on the nonrail business, there wasn't a lot of commentary on that on your prepared remarks. Just curious how that business is faring. I believe it's about 15% of the total company. So just curious how you guys are seeing that. Is there accelerating through the back half of the year? How was it in the first half of the year? Just any kind of comments there would be helpful.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, it actually is improving as we go forward. We're seeing a lot more activity out of our customers in that particular area, especially when you look at the heat exchanger business. It is tied to the oil and gas exploration, the frac-ing business. That is really coming back very strong for us. And that's globally. And we also, as you know, about 40 -- I think, about 40% of Fandstan is really outside of the rail business and focused primarily on seaports as well as energy as well. So we should continue to see growth in our industrial businesses.
Operator: Our next question is from Justin Long of Stephens.
Justin Long - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So we have the Tier 4 locomotive requirements on the horizon, and I was wondering if you could talk about how you expect that to impact your business over the next year or so. Could this be a near-term tailwind due to a prebuy and then a headwind in 2015 if builds are a little bit weaker? What's the best way to think about that?
Albert J. Neupaver: As we view it right now, there could be a prebuy. I think that if you go back in time, you step back 18 months, 2 years ago, many of the Class 1 railroads are saying they weren't going to need locomotives for a number of years. Obviously, that's changed because of the pressures they're seeing. Velocities went down, the demand's gone up and the economy, the volumes for the railroads, as we stated earlier, are very good. So I think there was a natural need for locomotives that they hadn't anticipated. Some of that are prebuy, and I know there's some stuff in print related to one of the suppliers being ready to supply a Tier 4-compliant locomotive. Will that have an impact? Will there be more attention given to rebuilds or overhauls? That's some of the things we'll see. The one thing I can tell you is the demand for locomotives internationally is very strong right now. And that really would offset some, if not all, of the potential prebuy. The other thing that's happened on the Tier 4 -- maybe, Ray, you could comment about what business we've seen from the need to supply Tier 4 motors in some of the specialty markets.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. I think, Justin, we're going to -- we're well positioned to address the Tier 4 opportunities. As a matter of fact, we have a group of people meet with one of the locomotive builders today just on that topic. So we've done a lot of work to prequalify our equipment, heat exchangers for instance, and respond to those opportunities. We've mentioned before that we also will likely be the first Tier 4-compliant commuter or locomotive provider in NAFTA with our gold transit opportunities. So both in the rail sector and outside of the rail sector, we've done our work to position ourselves and have qualified our products. So we'll be able to support and respond to our customers' needs as it's related to that regulation.
Justin Long - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great, and that's helpful. And as a follow-up to that question, if you look at the 1,200 North American locomotive builds expected this year, what portion of that are you expecting in the second half? And do you have a projection, an industry projection on 2015 right now?
Albert J. Neupaver: We have no accurate projection in '15. So we won't really provide you one. I think that the rate of the locomotive build, as we see it, is pretty constant right now. So I would think that second half's going to be very similar to the first half. But I wouldn't make a forecast into '15 yet.
Justin Long - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And last question. As you're looking at M&A opportunities, have you seen any major changes to valuation multiples in the market? I know if you go back historically, the average EBITDA multiple you've paid, especially on a post-synergy basis, is pretty impressive. I'm just curious if you still think you can get deals done around that historical multiple you've paid.
Albert J. Neupaver: I guess, there is one word for the M&A market rate today, and that word would be "hot." And whenever that market is hot, obviously, there's an upward push on pricing. We will remain disciplined in our approach, and the relative price we pay, obviously, has to reflect what the market is and is directly -- can be directly correlative to how strongly we feel it's a strategic fit.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Brooklier from Longbow Research.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Just curious if you have the number for PTC revenue contribution for second quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. It was $74 million. About $74 million.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And how did that break up roughly between the Freight and the Transit business?
Albert J. Neupaver: It's staying pretty consistent what we've seen in the past with about 50% in Freight, 25% in Transit and about 25% in international. We'll probably see, as we wind down on the MRS program, probably, that number would -- that percentage will start declining into 2015. But right now, as our projections, that's pretty accurate.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then, I think, per Ray's commentary on PTC, it sounds like the -- I guess, the pickup in growth expectations for this year is partially due to a little bit of delay in the marketplace with respect to getting PTC installed. And now that we have this pickup, is there a fear, though, that we play catch-up and then potentially, you could see a slowing of spend -- if the end of '15 and that mandate deadline, if that starts to get pushed out, and the marketplace is more comfortable with not making that potential deadline?
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. I think, people are trying in earnest, Matt, to do everything they can to come as close to the deadline as possible. You have several Class 1s that are running pilot tests right now, field tests with PTC-equipped segments of their railroad. So what we see are -- everybody is doing their best, I think, to try to implement PTC and respond to the mandate, and we're doing our best to support -- the testing that's being done on the railroads, thus far, has gone well. So I think you're going to continue to see significant progress over the next couple years.
Operator: Our next question is from Kristine Kubacki from Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to try to -- not to beat a dead horse on this ECP, but just wanted talk a little bit about the opportunity there. Reading through the document that they put out yesterday, it's pretty lengthy, I know, but the government estimates that it's going to be between $50,000 and $79,000 for a locomotive to be implemented with ECP and then about $3,000 to $5,000 per car depending on whether it's new or retrofit. Do those numbers sound about right to you? And can I infer that what's your exposure to both the locomotive retrofit as well as the car?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, Kristine. There's so many variables, as I tried to explain earlier, as to are you going to equip it with a ECP-only product? Are you going to have the, what we call, the overlay? Are we talking about new cars? Are we talking about taking an existing car and upgrading it? So it's really hard to put a number and try to say, if they chose Option 1, which, I think, one of the Option 1 included the 9/16-inch thick steel with ECP. But you got to realize, there's other technologies that are involved in what they're talking about in getting enhanced braking. Utilizing distributive power gives you some of the benefits that you would get from the ECP. Probably not the full benefits, but some of it. What is meant by distributive power is they literally take locomotives and put it in the middle of a train, and thus, you've got braking being generated and promulgated from the front and to the middle of the train to the back and communicating with the end-of-train device. So you could get quite a few of those benefits that exist. So I think it's really premature, without knowing exactly what option's going to happen and what some of the pluses and minuses are to get overly -- I'd hate to get down the road on a potential that really is very iffy at this point. So what I thought best to do was just try to explain at least our view what we think the advantages are and how we see the market. We've been very encouraged about the adoption as well as the performance of this technology on a global basis. So I don't know if -- I apologize for not totally answering your question, but I just feel it's a little premature.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: I was going to say, you're not giving me the answer I wanted, Al. I'll try again later. Just a quick question on the ...
Albert J. Neupaver: [indiscernible]
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: All right. A question on the highway bill. Obviously, we're probably kicking the can down the road. Is there any watchouts or any behavior we're seeing, changes on any -- on particularly any transit projects here in the near future?
Raymond T. Betler: No. Kristine, it's pretty much the same as it's been over the last several years. The people that run these transit authorities seem to be pretty resilient and use this kind of behavior. And they find a way to continue to manage, operate and also to manage the capital equipment requirements for new projects. So we really haven't seen anything. The pipeline is good. The projects that are underway have not been stalled, and the new projects are coming to the market. So we really haven't seen any disruption. It's a little bit unfortunate. Sure, it's difficult to manage a business without knowing where your funding is coming from, but they've managed to do it pretty well.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: That's great color. I appreciate that. And just one final question. On the PTC side, can you remind us, is Brazil MRS, is that completed? And I assume that option is still out there. And can your remind us how much that is? And I assume that's part of the option that was mentioned earlier.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Right now, we think that the program will actually be turning the project over to the customer, probably early in 2015, at least first half. Right now, we've got one section of railroad that is running with our assistance in what we would call a pilot program. We're working on implementing it on another section of the railroad. The option, I think, is going to be delayed. That's worth probably another $80 million because of the demand for iron ore driven by the growth in China. It will happen some point, but right now, it's not on the table to be implemented immediately. That could change depending on -- keep in mind that this wasn't done because of the mandate. It wasn't done because of, actually, safety reasons. This was done for productivity. They had a older signaling system, and they wanted to go to the state-of-the-art signaling system. And so they're really doing it for productivity reasons. And I think, if they see the end result, once this thing is up and running without the minor glitches that we have, you don't know what they're going to do. But right now, that is off to table, as far as I'm -- as far as I understand.
Operator: Our next question is from Art Hatfield from Raymond James.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Obviously, I'm going to ask some of the same questions, but it's all I got for you today. On the 40,000 cars globally that are equipped with ECP, what percent of those are equipped with Wabtec systems?
Albert J. Neupaver: I would -- I don't know the exact number, but I would think that we probably have more share. And most of them are overlay.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Well, and that's my next question. Are you constricted based on your product to only selling in full-unit train?
Albert J. Neupaver: No, that's what I was trying to explain. You could actually -- first of all, you could sell a brake valve that has the pipe bracket, which allows for a single car automatic testing. And you could put an ECP valve on that -- the overlay one, which you could either have it operate using electronic signals or pneumatic signals, which means it would work in the conventional way without paying the extra money. So you -- it could be used on either train. It's just that it would have the ECP capability.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And going back to that market share, is it -- not -- I don't want to push you on something you may not know off the top of your head, but is it -- when you say a larger market share, would you think it's closer to 60% or 90% share?
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't know.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's fair enough. Just looking at the quarter and the operating margin. I know you discussed this earlier, and I appreciate your comments about the impact from Fandstan. But excluding -- if you hadn't acquired Fandstan, would it be fair to say that Q2 would be representative of what you could do from a margin standpoint for the rest of the year? Or were there certain things in the quarter that really helped that quarter specifically?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think, quarter 2 is pretty representative of this. And keep in mind, we had about almost $18 million of Fandstan. And with the PPA and the other thing, I doubt if it contributed any margin whatsoever. So -- and we typically have these onetime pluses and minuses that we try not to -- they're small, and we don't spend a lot of time on them, normally, unless they make an impact. So we had a typical plus-and-minus type quarter, I think. Pat, was there anything out of the ordinary?
Patrick D. Dugan: No. I don't think there was anything worth really noting that's unusual from quarter-to-quarter. I mean, it's an improvement over the first quarter of '14 and an improvement over the quarter of '13. So I think it's a good operating margin.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Last question, and I appreciate your comments about your desire to continue to grow margin. But what do you do as a company to prohibit yourself from -- with that mindset to going after cost opportunities that don't generate the returns necessary? I -- given the culture that you have about continuous improvement, and I think ray alluded to this in some of his comments related to this earlier, but what kind of things do you have in place that say, "Look, that's just not an opportunity that we can generate a return on?"
Raymond T. Betler: Art, I don't -- I'm trying to think of opportunities we can generate a return on. There's almost no area, certainly, that we're working on purposefully that doesn't, in one way or another, impact our ability to improve our margins or improve our overall profitability. So...
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Well, I get that right now, obviously, you've been able to evaluate. And -- but in the future, how -- what do you have in place that says, "Look, as opposed to spending 20 basis of margin, we don't want to spend 20 basis points in margin to get a 10 basis point improvement." I -- what...
Raymond T. Betler: We have a pretty rigorous business case assessment process that we go through to just make those kind of decisions. Those kind of decisions are made on capital equipment, they're made on product development programs, they're made on acquisitions, and we have plenty of those. We have plenty examples of that -- where we've gone through, assessed various opportunities because it comes down to management capacity and resource capacity. And there's many places where we've made decisions not to do things and prioritized better opportunities over those. But there's no areas that I'm aware of that we have made decisions to go ahead that we don't have opportunities for margin improvement.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So -- and that being the case now, have you ever had something in the past that it didn't work out the way you had hoped? And what do you do in that instance, if you had one, to kind of cut the program off?
Albert J. Neupaver: [indiscernible] we have them every month. Probably every day, we do something that we aren't totally pleased with. And the biggest thing we do is, one, we do look in the mirror and face the brutal facts about things. And we work awful hard about lessons learned. As a matter of fact, we had a board meeting just yesterday and a couple of the group execs had to stand up and explain. We reviewed major cost initiatives with the board. And we basically showed 2 of which were not performing where it should've been. And part of that presentations was lessons learned. It's part of the culture. It's part of continuous improvement. And that -- those really become the opportunities. Those are the things that you have to do because the next time you're in that same situation, you got to be able to approve it. And I think our team realizes it. And when you put an up-and-coming executive that wants to impress someone, he's got to explain to the Board of Directors why we didn't hit the numbers we were supposed to hit. It has a meaningful impact on culture.
Raymond T. Betler: And Art, I know we've talked to you before about restructuring programs we've had in place. So maybe more specifically, to answer your question, if we see problems in business units -- every business unit isn't great. Al has told you, we have some business units that are much better than others, which means that some are much worse than others. So we'll put restructuring programs in place. And again, we have a very rigorous process and expectations for the group execs and business leaders to deliver on those restructuring programs. And they're difficult. They're not easy discussions. You're talking about cutting people, cutting capital costs, certainly, any variable costs we can take out, discretionary costs. So we do that on a regular basis.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I actually was just trying to get educated, and I hope -- I've got some other companies I hope are listening to what to you were saying there.
Operator: Our next question is from Liam Burke from Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Ray, near term, you saw nice traffic volume and CapEx numbers from the rails. Long term, you've got safety and fuel-efficiency issues. Is there anything that you saw in the first half of the year you see going forward that's giving you any kind of caution or concern?
Raymond T. Betler: I'm always concerned, Liam. But no. I think that we're very fortunate. It's a blessing to be in this situation we're in right now relative to the market. It comes down to our ability to perform.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And Pat, do you have a first-half CapEx number?
Patrick D. Dugan: I do. Hold on.
Albert J. Neupaver: First half.
Patrick D. Dugan: First half, year -- so year-to-date number for CapEx would be about $18 million.
Operator: Our next question is from Willard Milby from BB&T Capital Markets.
Willard P. Milby - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Just first off, I was hoping you could give us a sense of where SG&A was going to fall in Q3 and Q4 now that Fandstan's deal is done?
Patrick D. Dugan: Yes. Our SG&A for the current quarter was roughly $73 million. And in that quarter, we had some deal expense, and we only had a partial Fandstan. So we think that for -- the run rate for going forward would be about $75 million.
Willard P. Milby - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: All right. Also, just looking at gross margin, I think 30.7% is a high watermark over the past couple years. And historically, you've been moving it up the past 2 or 3 years. And I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what's behind this growth or improvement, rather.
Patrick D. Dugan: So I think that it goes back to a lot of the same conversation we had about operating margin and our drive to push costs out of our business units. We're, obviously, having some good growth in our Freight segment, which tends to have a little bit better margin than our Transit market. So I think all of those things contribute to us getting the gross margin over 30% and our operating margin at 18%.
Willard P. Milby - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: All right. Great. And I think you mentioned that you expected Freight growth to outpace Transit for the remainder of this year. Was that comment for the remainder of this year or for -- or into 2015 as well?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. We won't give any guidance on 2015 just yet.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Barger from KeyBanc.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I'm going to try one more margin question. Ray, I thought your comments on cost of quality were great. You guys have been very effective at driving operating margin expansion over the past couple of years. You averaged about 120 basis points in '11, '12 and '13. So 2 questions: First, how -- can you quantify how much of that came from the Wabtec improvement system versus how much came from mix tailwinds like PTC or anything else that may have been a positive for you?
Albert J. Neupaver: Let me just help with that a little bit because Ray's looking at me and saying, "I don't know." I don't think we have an exact number.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: But what I can tell you, when we put together a budget goal for a division, they'll put together action items that add up to around 2% improvement. There's a certain percentage that's related to WPS and average about 25% of that -- the 75% of that number is related to Wabtec Performance System. Now how much gets to the bottom line is very difficult to measure. I mean, we identify programs and give you that amount of savings. Does it all get there? Does half? But what normally happens on that 2% goal, only about 0.5% improvement ends up at the end of the day. So if you look at it from a target standpoint, we're probably saying anywhere from 25% to 35%, 40% of our improvement could be driven by Wabtec Performance System at the end of the day. But we're also the first to admit that good mix hides everything. It has problems, and it's very difficult to sit here and say that we actually delivered all that. But I must tell you that we do calculate the savings on a specific-item basis. We call it priority deployment, and it's what drives individual calculations for their incentive on achieving those particular individual increases. So there is some accountability to it, but it's really, really difficult to quantify.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. Well -- and so I'll follow up with the 2%. I think the comment was targeting 2% annual improvement. Is that on a consolidated basis? Or is that specific projects as you go through the budgeting process that give you a net positive but somewhere below 2% in terms of where you're targeting?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it's on a divisional basis. Division comes in and they'll manage their own projects. What you hope to always do is push down this culture to the lowest-possible level and our ability to manage now because of the -- just the size of the company. We have individual reviews with the division, but that division may be made up of 4, 5 plants where they've got to drive that priority deployment all the way down to the lowest common denominator.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then last question. Ray and Al, you guys have a lot on your plate with the Fandstan integration that's coming up. But for Ray, specifically, as you look around the world at all the untapped opportunities that you guys see, what are the first couple of things that you may want to attack in terms of expanding market share, improving profitability? You talked about sourcing initiatives, maybe just -- where are you 6 months [ph] or 1 year from now, in terms of how you see your plan of attack proceeding?
Raymond T. Betler: As far as acquisition, Steve, we have acquisitions right behind the one we'd just completed. So there's an -- a very active pipeline in place. Mark Cox, the Head of our Corporate Development Group, is working 24 hours a day on those things and is making great progress. Our focus, we would love to continue to grow our electronics business, to grow our friction business. So from an acquisition point of view, there are specific targets that we've prioritized -- certainly, opportunities to continue to expand our Transit business are interesting to us. So those are the areas that we're focused on today, and we're making good progress in those.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Well, since you have that poor guy working 24 hours a day, has he found deals of the same size as Fandstan? Or are they more like some of the other deals that you did earlier in 2013 that were more smaller or bolt on?
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. We have a whole mix of opportunities. So the smaller ones have to be more strategic. The larger ones, if they fit our strategy. We were fortunate to find Fandstan on one hand, but it's something that I think we shared with you, we started working on 4, 5 years ago. So certainly, to benefit -- to be able to acquire a company that hits all of our corporate strategic objectives, has operations in 7 continents, the size that Fandstan is, was a significant accomplishment. But we don't anticipate that everyone's going to be like that nor do we neglect the strategic ones that are smaller.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Baudendistel from Stifel.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a question on locomotive repair and rebuilds. One of the Class 1s this week was talking about rebuilding older locomotives in order to make up for some of the volume gains and some of the service disruptions. Have you seen any big pickup in those types of activity?
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. We have opportunities, certainly, Mike, for overhauls. There's -- some of our customers have focused on addressing the Tier 4 requirement that way. So you know that that's good business for us, is the overhaul business as well as the new OEM business on locomotive sector. MotivePower does complete overhauls. We do subsystem overhauls in many of our businesses, and we have a global services business with 1/2 dozen major service shops throughout North America. So yes, we've seen some of it, and we've continued to pursue it.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Good. And one last one on the proposed regulations yesterday. I mean, there was really a lot that didn't have -- a lot in there that didn't have a lot to do with the brakes, things like better valves, top fitting protection, et cetera. Do you envision yourself competing for any of those other safety-related features?
Albert J. Neupaver: We -- the only thing that we would see if -- on the overhaul, if they're to overhaul a particular railcar, tank car, they may decide to upgrade some of the other things, but we're not involved in the -- with the overhaul where -- the valves, we're not involved nor the thickness. So I don't see anything other than, possibly, the braking or -- systems or anything else they might do in conjunction with, but not necessarily anything discussed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Neupaver for any closing remarks.
Albert J. Neupaver: No. Thank you very much, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the third quarter. And we really would like to see you before that at our investor conference over in Germany at our Fandstan Stemmann plant. We'll also be visiting BECORIT division, which makes friction products for worldwide market. Thank you.
Raymond T. Betler: Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Wesley - VP of Investor Relations Al Neupaver - Chairman and CEO Ray Betler - President and COO Pat Dugan - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Scott Group - Wolfe Research Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research Thom Albrecht - BB&T Justin Long - Stephens Steve Barger - KeyBanc Art Hatfield - Raymond James Liam Burke - Janney Capital Markets Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisers 
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec First Quarter 2014 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions). Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the Wabtec people who are here with me, Al Neupaver, our Chairman and CEO; Ray Betler, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Pat Dugan our CFO; and our Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz. And well make our prepared remarks first and then we will be happy to take your questions. And we will certainly make some forward-looking statements during the call. So we ask that you to please review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Al Neupaver: Thanks Tim. Good morning. We had an excellent operating performance in the first quarter with record sales of $695 million and record earnings of $0.83 per diluted share. Our operating margin continued to expand nicely and was at 17.5%. Our backlog increased during the quarter and now stands at a record $1.72 billion. The business is performing well; thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. Were very optimistic and excited about the long-term opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets. These markets are large, they are global, and they are growing, and we are positioned well to participate in them. Today we affirmed our 2014 guidance. We expect full year earnings per diluted share to be about $3.45 based on sales growth of about 15% for the year. This guidance as it did in February, includes the acquisition of Fandstan Electric Group which we now expect will close during the second quarter. Our guidance also assumes the following: Continued modest growth in the global economy; the U.S. and European transit markets remain stable with the emerging markets driving growth; U.S. freight rail traffic grows modestly with OEM locomotive and freight car builds also growing. So far this year, rail traffic is up almost 2%.We assume no major changes in foreign exchange rates and that our tax rate will be about 31.5% for the year. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost, we will be focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond if market conditions change. Ray, can you talk a little bit about our current market situation?
Ray Betler: Thank you, Al. One of the reasons we are optimistic about Wabtecs future is that we are involved in very compelling markets. These markets as you know are mainly freight and passenger transit. They are large, they are global, and theyre growing. According to the UNIFE study, worldwide addressable rail supply markets exceed $100 billion, with an annual growth rate of about 3%. Western Europe, Asia-Pacific and NAFTA represent about 75% of that overall market. Rolling stock is the largest segment and outsourced services is the fastest growing segment and we play in both of these areas. All the markets are focused on improving safety, productivity and efficiency and thats where Wabtec plays an important role. The markets are also compelling because inefficient transportation system and a robust infrastructure are essential to effective global economic growth in both developed and also emerging countries. Finally, secular trends are also driving investment. Areas like environmental, responsibility, urbanization and energy evolution. On the freight side, in NAFTA, traffic is up almost 2% so far this year led by a 4.3% increase in intermodal. Thats despite all the weather issues that our customers have to deal within the first few months of this year. OEM rolling stock deliveries this year are still expected to be higher in [2000] than they were in 2013. We expect them to be around 60,000 freight cars this year and around 1,100 locomotives. This compares to 53,000 freight cars and 1,000 locomotives delivered last year. Globally freight traffic is also growing, although Chinas lower growth rate has had some ripple effect in the mining countries like Australia, Brazil and South Africa. As you know, we are focused on increasing our global footprint and also our product offerings where we see opportunities in markets that are larger than our traditional NAFTA market. For example, the global installed base of locomotives is about 110,000 worldwide with about 35% of that fleet being in Asia-Pacific and only 20% in the U.S. The global installed base of freight cars is about $5.2 million, with 30% in each of the U.S. and Russian markets and about 20% in Asia-Pacific. On the transit side, stability is still the same in the transit markets both in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S., ridership was up about 4% in the fourth quarter and 1% for the year. In the UK, ridership was up about 2.8% in the most recent quarter. And in Germany, estimates show a slight increase. In 2013, North American transit car deliveries were about 1,000 and bus deliveries about 4,500 and we expect about the same number of deliveries this year. Transit funding in the U.S. is also stable, its about $10 billion thats where its been the last several years. The current two year transportation bill expires this year and we expect it to be extended because it really doesnt look like Congress will pass a lower term bill. So, the level of funding will probably remain about the same. Just as with the freight market, we're focused on global growth in transit also in increasing our product offerings because again the markets outside of NAFTA are larger than our home market. We estimate that global installed base of transit cars to be about 330,000 with about 55% in Asia-Pacific; 20% in Europe; and only about 5% in NAFTA. And even in these larger more established markets investment remained strong. For example, there is cases like in Munich where S-Bahn announced doubling of spending this year to modernize their infrastructure and transportation systems. Al?
Al Neupaver: Thanks a lot Ray. As we go forward at Wabtec, we really want to continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Our priorities for allocating free cash remain the same. First priority is to fund internal growth programs that includes capital expenditures; second priority would be acquisitions; and then thirdly, return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. We had a very small window for buying stock in the first quarter and did repurchase 27,500 shares for about $2 million. So, we have about a $198 million left on our approved $200 million buyback authorization. We expect to be active during the year. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital, and controlling capital expenditures. Our growth strategies also remain the same, global and market expansion; aftermarket expansion; new products and technologies; acquisitions. Lets talk a bit about the progress that weve made on these strategies. In the global and market expansion area, our sales outside of the U.S. during the first quarter were $314 million, thats 4% higher than last years quarter and about 45% of total sales versus if you look back five years ago that number would be about a third. We continue to expand our capabilities and market presence in various markets around the world. In particular, we have taken advantage of opportunities in Europe, China and South Africa. The aftermarket expansion strategy: Overall aftermarket sales were $414 million in the quarter. Thats a 16% growth over year ago quarter and it represents 60% of our total sales. This growth is due in part to acquisitions and internal growth initiatives. We are very focused on expanding our service offerings globally. As for new products, we continue to have tremendous focus on this area with many internal development projects. To name just a few electronic braking, oil free compressors, locomotive services, and an integrated brake system for the European freight market, and of course, positive train control. PTC related sales come in at about $235 million during 2013. Based on our first quarter 2014 numbers, we are on track for PTC sales growth of about 10% to 15% this year as we continue to work with the railroads and other industry suppliers to develop an interoperable system. Recently we announced two contracts, one contract was with the Alaskan Railroad; the other with Sound Transit in Seattle. We expect to announce others as the year goes on. As you know, the railroads and transit authorities have said that meeting the December 15 PTC deadline is not possible which could lead to an extension of the deadline. We have analyzed this and do not feel that it would have a meaningful impact on our business. In the area of acquisitions we completed three transactions last year and have already announced one this year and thats Fandstan Electric which we expect to close in the second quarter, as we work through some final regulatory issues. Lets talk a little bit about Fandstan Electric, I mentioned this on our last call but it makes highly engineered components, those are pantographs or third rail shoe gears that has excellent IP and strong engineering and technical capabilities. About 60% of that business is associated with transit and 40% industrial and energy. It meets all of our strategic criteria, new products, no product overlap whatsoever with Wabtec. It has aftermarket component of about 30%, it has an installed base in more than 100 different countries. It meets global expansion in the sense that it has sales of about 50% in the Continent of Europe, 20% in the UK, 20% in Asia, and 10% in the U.S. It has a strong management team that will continue with the business. The annual revenues are about $235 million with margins slightly less than our current transit margins. We see significant opportunities to improve the margins, using our lean and sourcing activities, but this will take time and lots of hard work. In 2014, we expect to see significant sales from Fandstan, but minimal earnings accretion due to integration cost and purchase price accounting charges. Long-term, we think Fandstan will be an excellent addition to our portfolio. With that I will turn it over to Pat to talk a little bit about our numbers.
Pat Dugan:  Thanks Al, good morning everybody and thanks for joining us on the call. Just some highlights from our financial results for Q1. Our sales for the first quarter were a record $695 million which is 13% higher than last year. Of this increase about three quarters was from organic growth. Our freight segment sales increased 23%. That increase was due to acquisitions and organic growth from increases in the area of electronics and freight car components. Transit segment sales increased 3%. For 2014, we expect to see revenues increase in both of our operating segments with freight probably growing at a faster rate. Our operating income for the quarter was a record $122 million which is about 17.5% of sales. The first quarter operating margin in 2013, a year ago was 16.8% and we finished the full year at 17%. So we continue to have slight improvement. Our interest expense for the quarter was $4.5 million which is a bit higher than a year ago and thats due to some increased borrowings related to acquisitions that we completed in 2013. Our effective tax rate was 31.7% and it was 30% last year. You have to remember that last year in first quarter 2013, we had a one-time tax benefit due to changes in legislation and especially the extension of the R&D tax credit which is a first quarter discrete item. We expect to see the annual rate for 2014 to be about 31.5%. We could have some variability due to timing of any discrete tax items throughout the quarters in 2014. In terms of working capital our trade and unbilled receivables were $637 million. Inventories were $420 million and payables were $345 million, the unbilled receivables are related to the long term contracts where we need to hit certain project milestones before we're able to build for the work. As our businesses become more global and as we expand our sourcing programs into other low cost countries that will affect our working capital requirements. Cash, with $295 million in cash mostly in the U.S., Im sorry mostly outside of the U.S. $286 million was in hit at December 31st. When we close Fandstan, we expect to fund the acquisition with both cash and debt, so those numbers will change accordingly. Our debt at March 31st was $451 million and thats very similar to year-end. In terms of cash generated from operations were generated $26 million for the quarter and we expect that to continue as the year goes on. Couple of miscellaneous items just some of the things that we always point out for the call, our depreciation for the quarter was $8.8 million compared to $7.6 million in last years quarter thats higher mostly due to the acquisitions we closed in 2013. So we have a full year as worth of depreciation from those acquisitions that were not in the first quarter of last year. Amortization expense was $4.7 million compared to $3.6 million in last years quarter same reasoning, its increased due to the ongoing amortization from last years acquisitions. Our CapEx for the quarter was $6.3 million, a year ago it was $6.4 million. Our expectations for the full year for CapEx to be about $50 million which includes some of the expenditures that will come from the acquisition of Fandstan. For backlog we reached a record multi-year backlog of $1.72 billion, which is about 1.5% higher than at year end December 31st. You break that down, $1.2 billion for our transit segment and $531 million for our freight segment. Our rolling 12 month backlog which is a subset of the multiyear backlog was $1.1 billion which is about the same as it was at year end. You break that down transit was $660 million and freight $467 million. Those backlog numbers Ive just pointed out do not include about $250 million of contract options. We don't count those in the backlog numbers until the customer exercise with the options. So, with that I'm happy to turn the call back over to Al for his closing comments.
Al Neupaver: Thanks Pat. In summary, we had an excellent performance in the first quarter with record sales and earnings and a record backlog. As we look forward to 2014, we are anticipating another record year and affirm our EPS guidance of about $3.45 on revenue growth of about 15%. We are pleased with our strategic progress and excited about the long-term growth opportunities we see. As countries around the world continue to invest in freight, rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that is poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in market conditions. With that, we'd be more than happy to answer your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: So, first just in terms of the delay in closing the Fandstan acquisition, maybe if you just have any color on whats going on there? And how does that impact the guidance? I know no change to the guidance, but Fandstan closing a little bit later. Does that imply some, the rest of the business maybe doing a little bit better than your thought, I just want to understand that?
Al Neupaver: Okay. First question was related to Fandstan in closing of the business. So, as we have explained, Fandstan is a very global business with businesses in over 100 different countries and some complex business models. And we are going through some anticipated regulatory steps that we need to take in order to be able to close. So, we are confident that we will be able to work through those and close in the second quarter at this point. Any change to that, obviously we would keep everyone informed. If, the second question is related to did we actually see the rest of our business perform a little better than expectations? Since we had anticipated, we would have closed the Fandstan business in the first quarter. The anticipation was that we would not close it until late in the first quarter. However there was impact that we have build into the guidance related to revenues. And your assumption and your statement is partially correct. There is some strength that we saw in the first quarter that was not anticipated or build into our guidance. I think that we had stronger sales related to freight car products and a lot of that had to do with the severe winter that we had. We also saw the advantage that we had from our electronic product line and some of the growth was through the acquisitions that we had last year and the results were a little better in those acquisitions. We typically dont see some of the growth in acquisition right out of the [shoe]. So, in total we saw a little more strength than would have been reflected in our guidance. And hopefully that will be sustained going forward.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay, great. And just a second question; most of the rails have raised CapEx guidance particularly for locomotives for the year and I think you guys are sticking with your guidance in terms of locomotive deliveries, maybe whats the disconnect there? And can you give some color, I dont know if youve talked in the past about your content opportunity on locomotives and if that changes at all when the new Tier 4 locomotives kick in I guess next year?
Pat Dugan:  Okay. Our guidance on the locomotives if you would have gone back to the fourth quarter last year as we saw we expect that actually locomotive business may have been flat to down. And I think that we reported in February and again this year that we actually think of its going to be up a bit at about 1,100 to about 10% increase. We continue to see strength in that area whether those could be delivered or not in 2014 still needs to be seen. So yes, I think were pretty consistent with whats happened in the marketplace on locomotives. Your second part of the question was related to the content. The content on a locomotive varies greatly. I think if we were to have every product that we possibly make on a locomotive, we could be upwards of around $200,000 per locomotive and that creates a good opportunity for us. As far as Tier 4 that doesnt create anymore products for us, but it does require redesign of many of our products to be Tier 4 compliant, one of which is as youre aware, we make heat exchangers and that heat exchanger now has to have different thermal management conditions in order to help meet that Tier 4 requirement by the customers. Also some of the emission control equipment we have also needs to be designed to help meet the Tier 4. So, it does create an opportunity, but it doesnt really broaden our offering package.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay. Thanks for time guys. Ill get back in queue.
Al Neupaver:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Hi guys, good morning.
Al Neupaver: Good morning Allison.
Pat Dugan: Good morning Allison.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Al, on your new product [come] in a topic you mentioned electronic braking and yesterday the NPSB [listening] some hearings and the concept of electronic braking was a big discussion. Just want to get your sense with all those crude-by-rail safety and sort of the appetite out there; I know its probably very early stages. But do you think this could be a real opportunity as you move forward, I know there has been some challenges historically?
Al Neupaver: Yes. I think that there is a lot of challenges for the utilization of electronic control pneumatic braking by the freight railroads. And primarily it comes into the fact that you need a unit train and a unit train is one that would travel from point A to point B and back and forth and not be changing the cars, because every railcar has to be equipped with ECP in order for it to be effective. And as you know most trains could have tank car, a hopper and a flatcar or whatever or even an auto rack all mixed in one train and that makes for it to be very difficult. I think that crude-by-rail creates a potential opportunity that they may be able to use this concept to help electronic control pneumatic braking. It allows for shorter stopping distances, it allows for electronic control of each of the cars. So there are some advantages, obviously you could get some of those benefits used in other technology such as distributive power and I think that a lot of railroads get some of the benefit from doing that. So, I think there is a lot that still has to be overcome. We continued to have good success in the international markets primarily in the mining area where unit trains is the standard, Australia, Brazil, South Africa. So, I think that there is other complication in the U.S. as well and thats related to, if you lease the car, you own it, who pays for it, who gets the benefit. All those things really need to be worked through. We see it as an opportunity not an immediate one, but long-term. This technology is good technology that adds value, it helps in the safety efficiency and the productivity of the railroads and it will be adopted overtime is our opinion.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Great. And then Ray, you commented on transit obviously federal funding, I think your view makes sense that almost likely to just go on sort of a stable funding pattern for a little while until we can get Congress to move. But how should we be thinking about that in terms of orders? It's sort of that was -- is that what transit assuming at this point and can we just keep going forward from here or could we see an acceleration once it sort of clarifies?
Ray Betler: So, I think Allison that we have a very strong backlog in transit to transit project sort of three to five years in nature. So, I think a stable trending toward increasing or slightly increasing funding stream is very good for us. We have a pretty good share on the orders that we win. And we have lot of ongoing projects. So, those projects are going to sustain our ability to grow our market. If you look at it on an international basis, we have a strong foundation in North America. And our goal is to increase our market share in Europe and other places in the world. So, if the funding stream remains the same, it's a good thing for us. If it increases, obviously it's better. But we're in a very good position and the opportunities really are international in the transit market for us.
Allison Poliniak - Wells Fargo: Okay, perfect. Thanks guys.
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Allison.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Brooklier of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research: So, just kind of a higher level question for you, there has been obviously more talk of potential PTC delay here. You guys reaffirmed your guidance. I guess the question is what gives you convection that you are able to potentially hit this guidance with incremental potential complications or delays on the PTC side. I mean what kind of differentiates, what you are doing in the market versus other, who are involved?
Al Neupaver: Yes. When you think about the delay on positive train control, what the delay is, is the full implementation of PTC on all the designated routes and designated locomotives. That delay does not indicate this and truly we see it, there is any delay effort to try to get to that, still that same deadline and lot of work continues. And were part of all that work trying to develop and interoperable system with PTC. So any delay, I dont think they are going to stop spend money because I think that what they are trying to say is hey, we cannot meet the deadline but we are still going to work toward trying to, and we are going to get it done as soon as possible. I think thats more of the message than we are going to stop and wait and continue. I think the work will continue.
Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research: Okay. And are you able to provide some color on what total PTC sales in first quarter and how that broke out between the freight and the transit divisions?
Al Neupaver: Yes. Our first quarter sales were about 72 million in PTC related products, about half of that was freight, about a quarter of it was international and about a quarter of it was transit. And thats pretty much, if you look at the total spend up to this day in that area, thats about where the percentages are at.
Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research: Okay, thats helpful. And just last question, you mentioned seeing some benefit from weather on the maintenance side, is there any carry forward into second quarter and then if there was any negative weather impact maybe you could talk to that?
Al Neupaver:  Yes. Obviously the weather impact, the negative part of it would have been just the railroads probably didnt get the loads carried that they would have normally had. They did not have the weather impact. So there might have been more activity but the severe weather is very tough on the equipment which I think we saw some added sales related to that. As we look forward, during the quarter the deliveries I think were actually down fourth quarter of 13 to first quarter, almost 2,000 cars. We would expect with the backlog gone up to 82,000 which is I think the second highest in recent years, I think 2006 it might have peaked out at 88,000 or something like that. And so, I would think that deliveries should actually increase going forward into the second, third, fourth quarter based on that backlog. That would be a plus that we would obviously see.
Matt Brooklier - Longbow Research: Okay, good color. I appreciate the time.
Al Neupaver:  Thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from Thom Albrecht of BB&T. Please go ahead.
Thom Albrecht - BB&T:  Hey guys, couple of questions here. So, just in your guidance, it looks like youre calling for probably 8% -- 7% to 8% organic growth. I want to see if youre comfortable with that because as I went through your 10-K your organic growth last year was less than 1%.
Al Neupaver: Yes. Right now thats about wed expect to get half of our growth this year from internal growth and about half from acquisitions. Your math is pretty good, Thom.
Thom Albrecht - BB&T: Okay. So, on this weather issue, I am just trying to picture it a little bit more specifically than couple of other questions. I actually picture that weather probably created, maybe not in the beginning but the second half for the quarter, some repair opportunities in freight but maybe was more of a hindrance to transit and that that might lead to more repair work in the second quarter. Is that possible, or am I just over thinking it?
Al Neupaver: Yes, I think youre over analyzing it a little bit, Thom. I dont think its going to carry over into transit. And I think most of the weather type things are behind us now. The only thing that you see in transit sometimes is delayed spending based on budgets or money available. But we dont know of anything that happened that way. Last year, during 2013 hurricane Sandy had a major impact on the transit lines, and there was a lot of aftermarket that happened from that and we saw that. But I dont anticipate any little pop in transit or freight into the second quarter related to that weather. I think the biggest thing will be that hopefully traffic will continue to improve as weve seen in last few weeks and that we would also expect that OEM delivery, the freight cars going up into the second quarter.
Thom Albrecht - BB&T: And then the other question is in recent years, usually the first quarter EBITDA margin is the low point for the year, but you had a very impressive 17.5% margin, do you think that could be the low point for this year as well?
Al Neupaver: Were probably not going to comment on that, but I can, I would like to congratulate Ray Betler and the entire team of really operating that peak performance which I think that we always stride for, we are working for incremental improvement. I think it was a lot of questions in the last call related to the any improved margins and I think that we said with confidence were going to continue to try to do that and thats our goal and well continue to do that going forward.
Ray Betler:  Thom, I want to thank you very much for a certain expectations from it.
Thom Albrecht - BB&T: Nothing like (inaudible). And Ill get out, get back in queue in a moment, but I think Pat said the organic growth was about 75% in the first quarter, so that means your organic growth was just under 10%; is that a correct figure?
Pat Dugan:  Yes, our organic growth was exactly three quarters of the total. Thats right.
Thom Albrecht - BB&T: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Pat Dugan:  Thank you, Thom.
Al Neupaver:  Thanks Thom.
Operator: The next question comes from Justin Long of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long - Stephens: Thanks. Good morning and congrats on the quarter.
Al Neupaver:  Thank you.
Justin Long - Stephens: I saw that the 1,000 unit locomotive order in South Africa youve been talking about was placed, it looks like with four builders. So I was wondering if you could talk about the bidding process for components associated with those locomotive. Whats the potential opportunity and timing around winning some of this business? And then also just longer term, could you remind us of the additional locomotive and freight cars that are currently being discussed as potential orders in South Africa?
Al Neupaver: Okay. In South Africa, you are correct. There was 4 builders were selected, they split up the electric locomotives and the diesel locomotives. Right now, the locomotive builders are going through the bidding process. I can tell you, in the last month, weve made trips to South Africa, weve made trips to China and we visited with the other people here in the North America. That bidding process is going on right now. We hope to have some success in our bids, we wont know for a little bit of time and whenever we do know, well announce it. But, were trying to get some content from all the builders. Related to the transit vehicles, I think its 3,600, Ray?
Ray Betler:  Yes.
Al Neupaver: They have laid out a contract to Austin. Again were aggressively talking to Austin about our participation in that project. Were not in a position where we could announce anything at this point. But again, well keep you informed. There are nice opportunities. We were pretty impressed with our South African operation and our General Manager in that area is doing a fine job and creating, a lot of requirements are going to be that you have to have localization of the manufactory in order to participates, so our visit was timely and important.
Justin Long - Stephens: Great, thats a helpful update. It sounds like there is a lot of activity. And I guess as a follow up one thing, I wanted to touch on with PTC and kind of follow up on an earlier question and your guidance. How much of your backlog today is PTC related, I am just trying to get a sense for how much visibility you have to that 10% to 15% increase in PTC revenue, youve guided for this year. Is that already in the backlog today or do you need to win additional contracts to hit that target?
Al Neupaver: There is about $150 million in the backlog with PTC and its spread out over a long period of time. Typically we do not get a large backlog on the onboard computer, the only way we get some backlog is signing some of these transit contracts, but when we look at the freight railroads, where we are doing contract we are (inaudible) work as well as the onboard computer those usually coming in on the purchase order on the short delivery and we are able to support that.
Justin Long - Stephens: Okay, great. Thats helpful color. I will leave it at that. I appreciate the time today.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc: Hi, good morning.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc: A couple of Fandstan questions. You talked about having an installed base or they have an installed base in 100 countries, whats the dollar basis of the installed base if you know? And does that base track the revenue mix of 60% transit and 40% industrial?
Al Neupaver: I dont have the dollar value of the installed base, and I tell you why, Fandstan was a company that started in the UK. And their when we did meet with their CEO it was amazing that their strategy was very similar to ours, he named the same -- and I know a lot of companies have the same strategies, but he named the same but he also did a lot of the growth related to acquisitions of companies around the world. So I would imagine that installed base is excellent, but keep in mind its only a 30% aftermarket business. So we think there is some opportunity there to grow that. Some of the products they installed though even installment though they are for 30, 40 years and thats they make a conductor rail, a third rail product that actually make the rail with -- its a [clouded] material with aluminum that the electricity is transmitted on and that product doesnt really have an aftermarket. So there is some products that create an opportunity for us and there is others that probably you are just not going to get in aftermarket with.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc: I got it. And that actually sagged into the next question, in terms of the useful life on transit or industrial, is more of the aftermarket focused on the industrial side and typically for the aftermarket that you are serving, are these types of products where customers can push out or defer CapEx or do they have a more predictable replacement cycle?
Al Neupaver:  On Fandstan if you look at the pantograph, the pantograph is the -- how do I explain it, its on top of the -- if you ever look at a street car or a transit car on top of it you see this thing that kind of [scissors] up some up and down on springs and that has a good aftermarket and I knew that a carbon shoes up there that need to touch the wire thats hot. Also on the third rail shoe gear that wears as well because they sale the actual component that goes between the vehicle and the third rail. And some of the other industrial products which are large induction lines they import, they have C ports where they make these big wheels in festoons, some of those have some aftermarket, not a lot less than normal. So its actually more on the transit has the aftermarket in my opinion than the industrial. I dont Ray you may have a comment on that.
Ray Betler: Yes, I agree 100% what your assessment are. And I think that high maintenance where products are just what I will explain the pantograph is by far to top of list in terms of opportunities.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc: Got it. Historically speaking can you give us the growth rate for Fandstan?
Al Neupaver: It probably wont -- intrinsic I would think its probably in the 3% to 5% range, but if you look at it historically theyve had acquisitions over the year, so its grown rapidly.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc: So you think that 3% to 5% is the organic plus or minus?
Ray Betler: Thats what our assumption is, yes.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc: And I know its going to be not contribute much on the EBITDA line this year, but as you look out and you just look at this family of products where do you think the Fandstan transit and industrial margins can go, if you want to (inaudible)?
Al Neupaver:  Yes, normally what Ill tell you is theyre going to improve, you could be assure that our goals and objectives will show that were going to try to improve those margins. We really dont have a goal in mind other than continuous improvement. We think there is, as I stated we think there is a lot of opportunity especially as we apply our lean manufacturing techniques to Wabtec performance system. We think that there is a lot of sourcing opportunities, I apologize I think Im getting an echo for some reason. Yes, I would think that probably is an opportunity, but Id rather not give you an exact number.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc:  Okay. And since been late in the call, actually one more and then get back in line. Youve been expanding your international footprint to gain access of these global markets, which certainly has been a successful strategy. But are there still opportunities domestically from a share standpoint, mid-weather its on content on a railcar or locomotive or are you kind of getting there and yield more grow with the market?
Al Neupaver:  Well, I think there are certain products and certain businesses that will grow with the market, but there are also opportunities to broaden our product lines, which would allow us to increase our share. We still do not offer the full range of products in transit or freight.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc: Is there, just to follow-on, is there more opportunity on transit or freight to broaden the product lines?
Al Neupaver: Transits a small market in the U.S. so you could get incremental improvement, but its not going to end up that much in the bottom-line. Freights a much larger market, so I would think that the growth would be more in freight and faster than in the transit.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc:  Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Art Hatfield - Raymond James: Good morning. Hey thanks for taking my question, Ill try to be quick. If you already hit on this, I apologize, Al. But you had mentioned a regulatory kind of hang-up on Fandstan, where is that add? Is it here or the UK?
Al Neupaver: Really it's a global regulatory issue that I think will be resolved in the second quarter.
Art Hatfield - Raymond James: And is that just kind of your comfort level with where is that or is that based on kind of legal or regulatory requirement that they make a decision within a certain amount of time?
Al Neupaver: I think that there is probably no time limit on this decision, but we're confident that it will be resolved.
Art Hatfield - Raymond James: Just going back to Tom's question about margins for the rest of the year and I think my understanding on this is correct. But once you start to bring in Fandstan, Fandstan initially is going to have a margin drag. Is that not correct?
Al Neupaver: It will have a -- yes, it's lower than the transit on average, right.
Art Hatfield - Raymond James: Right. Okay. So that is just
Al Neupaver: Plus we have the expense, the expenses of the integration, as well as the purchase price accounting. So, initially it has had larger drag than it will say once you -- what you have to do is the inventory value that is building the inventory has to flow out. And your backlog, you have to go through your backlog, you have to operate through that backlog. And any profit thats in either one of those have to flow through the P&L is a negative hit. I learned that from these accountants that (inaudible) try to explain this.
Art Hatfield - Raymond James: Yes, unfortunately. Now you did a good job. So, when we think about Q1 potentially versus the rest of the year, we need to take that into account when we think about margin excluding all other issues that could come out, right?
Al Neupaver: That's a valid statement, but as you know our goal is to continue to improve margins.
Art Hatfield - Raymond James: I understand that. Thank you.
Al Neupaver: Thank you, Art.
Operator: Next question comes from Liam Burke of Janney Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Liam Burke - Janney Capital Markets: Yes, thank you. Good morning, Al.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Liam.
Liam Burke - Janney Capital Markets: Al, several quarters ago you talked about your Chicago service center and today in your prepared comments you said service is going to be a big part of your growth going forward. Do you see any need to expand that Chicago service area and is that going to affect any kind of capital expenditure?
Al Neupaver: Yes. We expanded that in 2013, right Ray?
Ray Betler: Yes.
Al Neupaver: And it was not a major expenditure. As our offering continues to take hold then we do more in that area. We will have some capital going to be required in order to expand because of locations and everything in that particular market area.
Liam Burke - Janney Capital Markets: Now do you plan on taking that outside of Chicago or is that just kind of where you just kind of continue?
Al Neupaver: Yes. Right now we have a repair facility in Houston; Chicago was a Greenfield site that we put in. We have one down in Houston, we have one in Salt Lake City, we have a repair in Boise and Chicago now. I think those are the locomotive repair centers we have. So, we do have quite a few now.
Liam Burke - Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And Pat, you mentioned that a lot of the cash you have is residing overseas, does that change any of your -- how you are going to address your capital needs in the future?
Pat Dugan: No, I mean we contemplate that in our cash plan every year. Really our goal is to use that cash and reinvest in the business and do it in a way thats the most efficient from a treasury and a tax standpoint.
Liam Burke - Janney Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from Samuel Eisner of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs:  Yes. Thanks very much. Good morning everyone.
Al Neupaver:  Good morning, Sam.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs:  Just going back to few of your comments on the share repurchase, it sound like though you are going to be active I think thats the word that you use regarding share repurchases and this represents about 2.5% to 3% of turned cap. Just curious how you guys are thinking about using that outstanding, I guess $200 million? Should we expect you to do that by the end of the year or should that creep into 15 as well?
Al Neupaver:  It could very easily creep into beyond, I think if you historically look at what weve done on share repurchases when we say active I think that youre going to see more of the same. Well be opportunistic; we definitely want to minimize any creep that would happen with the share count. We just wanted to point out that the first quarter is not indicative of our normal strategy because we only had a window that was open for very short period of time, I think maybe a week. It was open and there was a lot of, thats when the stock-based comp gets spin as well. So, we just want to point out that the first quarter is not indicative of our strategy.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Understood. And then Pat on the cash generation I think you said about $26 million in cash from ops just that seems to be down about $6 million year-on-year. So just curious whats driving the lower cash generation for the company?
Pat Dugan:  Well, our first quarter is always a challenge. We have a number of uses of cash I mean simply paying taxes and other items that normally build up throughout the year. So, we end up having sort of our weakest cash generation in the first quarter. And that gets better as the year goes on. Clearly the growth of the sales, the top-line has impacted our use of cash as we -- our working capital has gone up with receivables and inventories. So, we tend to see as the year goes on that the cash generation improves quarter-over-quarter. And really I dont think that this is anything thats anything problematic.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So it just sounds about $6 million of working capital built. And then on PTC, I think last quarter there was a delay or push out in revenue or PTC revenue that was going to hit in the fourth quarter, has that all been captured in the number that you set today Al, or is there still more to come on that portion that was delayed?
Al Neupaver: No, I think its all captured in what we discussed. And I am struggling a little bit to remember exactly which delay, I dont know of any, the large amount percentage
Pat Dugan: Orders were pushed out.
Al Neupaver: Orders were pushed out, okay. Yes. No, I dont think there is anything hang in there, okay?
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Understood. Thanks.
Al Neupaver: Okay, thanks Sam.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Halter of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Yes, thank you. Good morning guys.
Al Neupaver: Good morning Greg.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: I wondered if you could comment on how the MRS roll out is going down in Brazil.
Al Neupaver: Right now our pilot program continues to operate, its utilizing the PTC system. Were working through trying to solve any of the issues we have with the system; at the same time, were expanded into new areas, were doing it section-by-section. I think its going well. We stay very close to it. I dont know if any major concerns that we have at this point other than trying to complete it as soon as we can. Its a very large system that has a lot of tunnels, there is a lot of complexities with the signaling system that were working through.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: All right. And Pat, wondered if you had figures for total assets and equity at the end of March?
Pat Dugan:  I do. Our total assets are $2,917 million and are shareholders equity is $1,680 million.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  All right, thank you. And within the freight segment, I wondered if you could comment on how the industrial piece of that did, if that was a headwind, tailwind or what?
Al Neupaver:  Yes, its actually improving. What we are seeing is the industrial business is coming back. I think that the production of natural gas has gone up significantly, we see the results of that. So our industrial business is returning not completely at this point, but is showing signs of being healthy into the future.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  All right. And couple of final ones, on both the freight and transit, wondered if you could break down the OEM versus the aftermarket in the quarter?
Al Neupaver:  Okay. I can tell you that on freight OEM was 25%, aftermarket was 55%; on transit OEM was 35% and aftermarket was 65%; total was 40% OEM, 60% aftermarket for total business.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  Great, thank you very much.
Al Neupaver:  Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Blumenthal of Emerald Advisers. Please go ahead.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisers: Good morning, gentlemen.
Al Neupaver:  Good morning Scott.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisers: Al, you mentioned the -- in Scotts question, very first question long ago that youre going to benefit and youre maybe one of the few companies to benefit from the severe weather. You also mentioned that you felt that you saw benefit here during this quarter. Did that occur closer to the end of the quarter and maybe can you provide us with some insight as to how the cadence of the sales progressed through the quarter?
Al Neupaver: Yes, it was towards the end of the quarter, mostly in the third month, actually in March. I think they, probably just trying to keep everything running was probably the goal in January, February. And its not, dont misunderstand, this was not a large increment that we saw from that but it was worth noting.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisers: Okay. Thank you for that. And as Allison mentioned, crude and natural gas are obviously now big topics in the domestic rail business, maybe this is a better question for Ray. Can you maybe provide an update on the opportunities that this might represent for Wabtec, maybe locomotive engine types, natural gas tenders, new types of fueling system, those type of things?
Ray Betler: I think Scott as far as opportunity for crude by rail, I think weve mentioned before that the type of trains and the type of haulage really doesnt have a significant difference on us in terms of our opportunities; certainly if the volumes go up, thats an opportunity. But in terms of technology, technology applications and product applications are pretty much the same. If there is any kind of migration or regulatory requirement to go [PTC] obviously that would be a big plus. There is product down, instead we are doing to always to try to capture incremental opportunities in those areas. Some of those are follow-ons from some of the incidence that have occurred in that market. But in general, I think the best opportunity we have comes through the increased volume.
Al Neupaver: And if the technology went from diesel fuel to natural gas, it really would not have a major impact on us.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisers: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Al Neupaver: Hey Scott, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Albert Neupaver, Chairman and CEO for any closing remarks.
Al Neupaver: Thank you very much. And we will talk to you soon.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-19 10:00:00) =====
Start Time: 10:05:  Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp. (NYSE:WAB) Q4 2013 Earnings Conference Call February 19, 2014 10:00 AM ET 
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley  Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Raymond T. Betler  President and Chief Operating Officer Patrick D. Dugan  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Mastalerz  Vice President and Corporate Controller 
Analysts: Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic  Wells Fargo Securities LLC Justin Long  Stephens, Inc. Art W. Hatfield  Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Scott H. Group  Wolfe Research, LLC Matthew S. Brooklier  Longbow Research LLC Samuel Eisner  Goldman Sachs Liam D. Burke  Janney Capital Markets Thom S. Albrecht  BB&T Capital Markets Greg W. Halter- Great Lakes Review Ken R. Zener  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.  
Operator:  Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions) Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the other Wabtec people who are here with me, Al Neupaver; our Chairman and CEO, our President and COO; Ray Betler, our new CFO, Pat Dugan and I also want to introduce to you our new Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz, John joined us recently after many years with Heinz, most recently as their Corporate Controller. As usual on the call today, well make our prepared remarks and then be happy to take your questions. During the call we will certainly make forward-looking statements and we just ask you to review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Albert J. Neupaver:  Thanks Tim. Good morning everyone. We had a good operating performance in the fourth quarter, we had record sales of $682 million and earnings of $0.76 per diluted share, these results were impacted by after-tax expenses for some restructuring actions of about $0.03 per diluted share. These items were unusual in nature, so we wanted to point them out to you. As a result of the strong finish to the year, we ended 2013 with record sales, record earnings and a record year end backlog of about $1.7 billion. We also continued a very important streak. Wabtec finished 2013 as the only company in North America on any exchange, year end stock price has increased for 13 consecutive years. Our business is performing well and thats thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of Wabtec Performance System. Were very optimistic and excited about the long-term growth opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets, which are being driven by compelling trends around the world. Today we also issued our 2014 guidance, we expect full year earnings per diluted share to be about $3.45 with sales growth of about 15% for the year, this EPS guidance is about 15% higher than our 2013 results, we had some assumptions with our guidance and I would like to go through those with you. Continued modest growth in our global economy, U.S. and European transit markets remains stable with the emerging markets driving growth, our transit revenues should grow based on our existing backlog of projects in the U.S. and internationally. U.S. freight rail traffic grows modestly, with OEM locomotive and car builds also growing. So far this year traffic is about flat. Our guidance assumes no major changes in foreign exchange rates a tax rate of about 31.5% for the year. We have also assumed that the acquisition that we announced last week Fandstan Electric will close by the end of the first quarter. So it is included in our guidance. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling costs, were going to stay focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and we will be ready to respond if market conditions change. I thought I might talk a little bit about our markets. One of the reasons were so optimistic about Wabtecs future is that were involved in very compelling markets. These markets freight, rail and passenger transit are large, theyre global and they are growing. According to our UNIFE study the world rail supply market exceeds over a $100 billion with annual growth of about 3%. Western Europe, Asia-Pacific and NAFTA represent about 75% of that total market. Rolling stock, the segment that we are involved in is the largest segment and outsourced services is the fastest growing segment. We play in both of these. Around the world our customers are focused on improving safety and efficiency and thats where Wabtec plays an important role. The markets are also compelling because of an efficient transportation system and a robust infrastructure are essential, the global economic growth in both developed and emerging countries. Finally, secular trends are also driving investment. Thats awareness of environmental issues and benefits, urbanization, deregulation, energy evolution. I'd like to ask Ray Betler to dive a little deeper into our markets and explain how we view them going into 2014. Ray?
Raymond T. Betler: Okay, thank you, Al. We announced our freight traffic was up about 2.1% last year led by a 4.4% increase in intermodal. So far this year, traffic is off to a slow start, its down about 1% mostly due to weather issues across the country. The OEM rolling start deliveries in 2013 were lower than in prior years, was about 53,000 freight cars and 1,000 locomotives delivered. In 2014, we expect about 60,000 freight cars and about a 1,100 locomotives to be delivered. Globally, freight traffic is also mixed. China is growing, but not as fast as expected, and as you might expect that has a ripple effect on the mining countries like Australia, Brazil, and South Africa, so weve seen some weakness there. As you know, were focused on increasing our global footprint, where we see opportunities and markets that are larger than our traditional aftermarket. For example, the global installed based for locomotives is about 110,000, was about 35% of that fleet in Asia-Pacific, 25% in Russia, and 20% in the U.S. The global installed base of freight cars is about $5.2 million and about 30% of that is in the U.S., 30% in Russia, followed by 20% in Asia-Pacific. On the transit side, stability is still the same, both in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S., ridership is up about 1.5% in the third quarter and was flat year-to-date. In the UK, ridership is up actually about 3.9% in the most recent quarter. In Germany, estimate show about an increase of about 1%. In 2013, North American transit car deliveries were about 1,000, plus deliveries were about 45,000, and we expect that to be essentially the same for 2014. Transit funding in the U.S. is stable, it stays around $10 billion, and thats about, where its been over the past several years. This stability in the North American market continues despite budget issues and uncertainties about long-term transit spending and the long-term transit bill, which is up for discussion sometime this year. Just as with the freight market, were focused on global growth where the market trends are larger than in NAFTA. We estimate the global installed base for transit cars to be around 330,000, was about 55% of those in Asia-Pacific, about 20% in Europe, and only about 5% in NAFTA. And even in these larger markets more established than ours, investment is still strong. For example, the transit agency in Munich plans to double its spending this year to expand and modernize their system. Al?
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks a lot Ray. As we go forward, we will continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Our priorities for allocating this free cash remain the same; fund our internal growth programs that includes CapEx, fund acquisitions. We spend about $220 million on three acquisitions in 2013, returned money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. During 2013, we bought back 507,000 shares of stock for about $33 million, and we announced a new $200 million buyback authorization. Weve also increased our quarterly dividend for the third-year in a row. We remain focused on increasing cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital, and controlling capital expenditures. Our growth strategies remain the same, global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new products and technology, and acquisition. As we look at some of the progress weve made on each of these strategies, global and market expansion. Our sales outside of the U.S. were a record $1.2 billion, a 3% higher than last years total, just under 50% of total sales versus about one-third five years ago. We continue to grow our presence in Australia, South America, and China from both internal growth and acquisitions. We present  we recently won a locomotive brake order in South Africa that we believe positions us well for future business there. Were working to develop new business opportunities in Russia as well. Aftermarket expansion, overall our aftermarket sales were $1.5 billion another record year, that made up 57% of our total to growth of 13% compared to the prior year. This growth is due in part to acquisitions and internal growth initiatives. We are expanding our service offerings around the world especially in the UK, where we are the leading provider of rolling stock overhauls and maintenance. In the area of new products and technology, we continue to have tremendous focus on this area with about 38% of our 2013 sales came from new products. That was 30% a year before. We define a new product, as any product that was introduced in the last five years. We have many internal development projects such as electronic braking, oil free compressors, locomotive services, and internal brake system and integrated brake system for the European freight market, and, of course, positive train control, which gets the headlines. PTC represented about $235 million of our sales in 2013, that's about a 10% growth in 2012. We expect more growth this year probably in the range of another 10% to 15%, as we continue to work with the railroads and other industry suppliers to deliver an interoperable system by the 2015 deadline. As you know, there has been discussions about extending the deadline, we certainly cant predict whether that will happen or not. But we have analyzed how a delay would impact Wabtec, and we do not think that it will have a meaningful impact on our business. In the acquisition area, we completed three transactions last year, and have already announced one this year. Combined in 2013, combine the 2013 acquisitions and the ones we closed in 2012, the two of those contribute revenues of about $160 million with about half in each group. Lets talk a little bit about our recent acquisition and thats Fandstan Electric. We are extremely excited to sign an agreement to acquire this company and expect to complete the transaction by the end of the first quarter. Fandstan makes highly engineered components, mainly pantographs and third rail products, including shoe gears. They have strong intellectual property. They have a strong engineering and technical capabilities. About 60% of their business is transit and 40% is industrial/energy. This acquisition meets all of our strategic criteria, new products. There is no product overlap whatsoever with Wabtec. Aftermarket 30% of their sales are in the aftermarket. They have an installed base in more than a 100 different countries. If you look at the distribution of their business, 50% of it is on the Continent in Europe, obviously a target area for us, 20% in the UK, where we already have a good platform, 20% in Asia, where were focused on growing, and 10% here in the U.S. We have a strong management team that will continue in with the business. Annual revenues are about $235 million with margins slightly less than our current transit margins. We see significant opportunities to improve the margins, using our lean and sourcing activities, applying the Wabtec Performance System, but this will take time and lots of hard work. In 2014, we will see significant sales from Fandstan, but minimal earnings accretion due to integration cost and purchase price accounting charges. Long-term, we think Fandstan will be an excellent addition to our portfolio. Just to mention the other acquisitions in 2013, Napier manufacturer of engine turbochargers and components for a variety of markets, Turbonetics a specialty turbocharger for smaller engine and Longwood Industries, a manufacturer of specialty rubber and seal products for rail and industrial markets. What I would like to do is turn it over to Pat Dugan, our new Chief Financial Officer, and have him talk a bit about the numbers. He is replacing our good friend Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, who is probably listening in today.
Patrick D. Dugan: All right. Well, thank you, and Im happy to speak to these numbers, and I appreciate the opportunity. Sales for the fourth quarter were a record $682 million, which is 12% higher than last year. Of this increase, a little more than half was from organic growth. In the Freight segment, the sales increased 14%. A portion of that is due to acquisitions and our organic growth is from  increases in our Electronics business and from the freight car companies that supply the freight car build. Transit segment sales also increased 9% and that really is spread across a number of different product lines and different business units. For 2014, we expect to see revenues increase in book of our operating segments, so were expecting that to continue. Operating income for the quarter was a record $111 million, which is about 16.3% of sales. As Al discussed earlier, in this quarter we did record some pretax charges of about $3.8 million, which is spread between our cost of goods sold and our SG&A, and thats really primarily for restructuring actions and we point these out simply, because as you are aware of those larger items. For the full-year of 2013, our operating margin was 17% that is a 60 base improvement better than  basis point improvement from last year. Interest and other, our interest expense for the quarter was $4.6 million, thats slightly higher compared to a year ago, thats really the result of some additional average outstanding borrowings and those additional borrowings were caused by the timing of our acquisitions and the money that we used to complete those transactions. Other income is about $915,000 and that really stems from some accounting that we did at year end related to various joint ventures. Our tax rate for the quarter was 31.2% last year, it was 33.3%. And we expect our annual rate going forward to be roughly 31.5%, although we expect individual quarters to have some variability simply due to the timing of certain discrete tax items. When you look at our balance sheet, our working capital has improved slightly despite our higher sales. Our year-end accounts receivables were $555 million, inventories were $403 million, and payables were $327 million. Just something to point out is our business has become more global and we expand our sales and our sourcing programs into various countries that does affect our working capital requirements. Even so we expect that we have plenty of opportunity to continue to reduce our working capital. Cash at year end was $286 million thats mostly outside of the United States and if you compare that to September 30, September 30 balance was $281 million. Our debt at year end was $451 million, when you compare that to the third quarter which was $540 million. And our cash from operations on a cash flow, we generated $236 million for the year which is about the same as last year. Ill point out that is the third year in a row that weve generated more than $230 million in cash from operations. A good performance, were happy with that, but hope to continue to have improvement in that area end into 2014. Just a couple of miscellaneous items that we always get questions on our earnings calls. I just wanted to point out, our depreciation expense for the quarter was $9 million, compared to $7.6 million in last years quarter. A slight increase really related to the acquisitions that we completed in the year. Amortization expense is $5 million which is flat with both quarters and our CapEx for the quarter was $17.6 million versus $11.3 million. For the year CapEx expenditures were $41 million versus $36 million, and in 2014, we expect to spend about $50 million including the Fandstan acquisition. Some information on our backlog, we ended the year with a record year end high of $1.7 billion in backlog thats higher than September 30 and about 2% higher than a year ago. You can split that backlog between transit and freight as $1.2 billion for transit and $512 million for freight. When you look at our rolling 12 months backlog, which is a subset of the total backlog, the 12 month backlog is $1.1 billion which is also higher than September 30th. The transit portion of that $1.1 billion is $651 million and freight $447 million. I just want to point out that those figures do not include about $250 million of contract options. We dont count them in our backlog until the customer exercises those options. So with that, Ill now turn it back over to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, thanks a lot, Pat and before I summarize I just like to take this opportunity especially to this group of people that know Alvaro. I just want to personally thank him for his tremendous contributions over the eight years that Id been here and longer than that he is really been here since about 1995 when his company was acquired by Wabtec. And he truly was a major contributor and probably most importantly was a tremendous business partner and was definitely good, contributed to our success. And I am very happy to say that he will continue in an advisory capacity and working with us into the future. So thanks ever so much for your years of service, Alvaro, and our continued friendship. In summary, once again we had a good performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Lets take one final look at 2013 and then I would like to, I know in the company were focused on 2014 and moving forward. Our revenues increased 7% to a record $2.57. Income from operations increased 12% to a record $437 million. EPS increased 16% to a record $3.01 and our backlog ended the year at a new record $1.7 billion quite an accomplishment for 2013. Now, looking ahead into 2014, we are anticipating another record year with an EPS guidance of about $3.45 on a revenue growth of about 15%. We couldnt be more pleased with our strategic progress in the long-term growth opportunities we see. As countries around the world continue to invest in freight, rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model in the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that is poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in market conditions. With that wed be more than happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good for 2014, Al could you give us sense of where that revenue growth is coming from in terms of acquisitions and then both freight and transit, how you are breaking that out?
Albert J. Neupaver:  Sure, sure if you look at the 15% growth, which are going to have is the Fandstan acquisition will make up about, say that contributes 50%. And if you look at the other 50% half of that will be acquisitions that were closed in 2013 and the other half internal growth. So what is that mean that means that will probably end up with mid single-digit internal growth for the year and thats really inline with our long-term strategic plan.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes, perfect and then, just on the transit side. Yes, go ahead.
Albert J. Neupaver: One other thing, Ive got to answer your second part Allison and I apologize, the second part of your question
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I forgot that too.
Albert J. Neupaver: The second part of that question, its really going to be split probably right down the middle, we are going to get half in freight and half in transit.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, perfect, and then just touching on transit, with the uncertainty funding as we sort of enter the end of next year or into this year, actually, are you guys sensing any increase slowing down in terms of new projects, until they get some color on whats going to happen there.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that what we have seen over the last two years, and what we are seeing right now, well continue to see in the future is, there is just an assumption that it is accepted across the industry, that the funding will be there it may not go up, but the $10 billion that is allocated to transit across the U.S. will be there Ray, I dont know if you want to add any color to that.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes, thanks Al. I agree with Allison, its there is some momentum associated with the transit industry, because of the long-term nature of a contracts, it takes multiple years to get them funded, multiple years in the bid process and then once they are funded, they last three to five years, followed by the aftermarket opportunities. So there is plenty of momentum in the transit market and there is no indication in the government side, that its not going support transit. So weve seen a lot of new contracts come in, were in the bid process for some pretty big one. So I feel pretty confident.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic  Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thats great. Thank you.
Raymond T. Betler: Thank you, Allison.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Long of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Justin Long  Stephens, Inc.: Thanks congrats on the quarter and good morning. 
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning, Justin.
Raymond T. Betler: Hi, Justin.
Justin Long  Stephens, Inc.: Hey, looking back at 2013 your incremental margins were very strong and this is even more impressive given your growth was primarily driven  are really driven by transit, it tends to be lower margin relative to freight. As we look ahead to 2014 and look at your guidance, it seems like it implies a lower level of incremental margins. Could you just talk about whats driving this, whether its a mix in freight and transit and you touched on that a little bit or something cost related?
Albert J. Neupaver: When you look at contribution margin, weve openly discussed that we feel that a good number for us would be 25% contribution margin on incremental revenue and we have had some great success this year. I think if you look at the year  total year it was at 25%, obviously less than the fourth quarter, but some of that you talk about the  what impacts that, okay there is a number of things. Number one is a continuous drive to improve margins through our Wabtec Performance System and we target improvements in our plan and we expect people to deliver on that. You mentioned the second aspects and thats our transit margins are generally lower than our freight margins. So that mix has an impact. The other positive impact that weve had in, if you look at 2013 our aftermarket business grew very nicely and that is typically a good margin business. The other thing it impacts margins is quarter-to-quarter. We talk about all this internal growth and its our number one target for what we do with cash generation. This internal growth doesnt always show up that we  in a way that we discuss it because its cost that we incur in order to develop the market certification cost in Russia, establishing our marketing organization in Europe, building our platforms in South America, all these costs sometimes flow differently to the P&L throughout the year. So that has an impact. Were very pleased on how we did perform in 2013, if we take a look at 2014 and how our plan rolls out, the internal growth will be the most profitable growth. We will have expenses associated with trying to grow our business in each of those strategic initiatives, so that will have an impact. We feel that there will be an impact, when I talked about the mix of being 50% freight and transit, the absolute number, the percentage growth will be about the same. But freights are bigger portion of our business so from an absolute standpoint that should have somewhat of a positive impact. So that mix will have that impact. And were very conscious about continuously improving those margins over time, if you look at the Fandstan acquisition, as I stated their margins are right around or slightly lower than our transit margin. So that will have an impact, in addition to that we have integration costs that were impacted.  We also have the PPA that will impact that PPA being the purchase price accounting. So those are some headwinds that we must try to overcome, but we still think that we should see good margin growth, as we go through the year in 2014.
Justin Long  Stephens, Inc.: And thats really helpful detail, and I appreciate it, and as a follow-up, my second question, I was just wondering what the level of activity was like in terms of your pipeline of potential PTC related projects, are people sitting on their hands right now waiting to see if we get an extension, are there still some opportunities youre working on that are pretty close?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. I dont believe that anyone has ever just step back and hopeful that there is going to be an extension, so they wont do. I think the Class I railroads that have been feverishly working to try to get this project implemented. And the transit authorities as well, some of the problems with the transit authorities I think are really related to funding. And what youre seeing, were not seeing any let up whatsoever, we still see a lot of projects that were working on. We hope that were in a position that we could announce a few of these in the near-term, but there is tremendous amount of activity going on. And I think the biggest effort that youll see in 2014 is that almost all the railroads the Class I railroads will be shifting from laboratory testing to field testing. And you will even see some of the Class I will be going into probably, almost the approval stage for the product safety plan as well. And you have some of the transit authorities like Metrolinx that is really looking at trying to put this in revenue service in the short-term, so youve got a tremendous amount of activity thats going on, its a very complex project, its a very costly project for those involved. But I do not see anyone taking the foot of the pedal.
Justin Long  Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thats helpful, and then, maybe one last quick one, on your conversations with potential joint venture partners in Russia, is there any update on that front?
Patrick D. Dugan: Not at this point, we continued to work with two different groups right now, were working hard to try to get a formal arrangement and create say a nice long-term opportunity, were obviously very cautious in entering any new market. And Russia is one of those that were taking our time and making sure that we dont get too far ahead of ourselves without understanding the market. So nothing to report, but I think in the near-term, we should be able to give you more information.
Justin Long  Stephens, Inc.: Right. I will leave it at that, I appreciate the time today.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Art W. Hatfield  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hey, I want to go back to this margin question, because based on the guidance that youve given and just kind of going through a rough cut of the numbers, I am getting a pretty flattish or flat or very small improvement in operating margins for 2014, can you and you talked about some gives and takes. But can you talk about what maybe the biggest headwinds, one the biggest headwinds to margin improvement in 2014? And secondly, given the size of the company now, and youve had great success for the last few years in improving that operating margin, I guess going forward should we expect the lower level of incremental improvement there just given the size of the company?
Patrick D. Dugan: Well, lets first, lets start out by every time you improve on margins, the next increment is more difficult, okay.
Art W. Hatfield  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Right.
Patrick D. Dugan: There is just no question about it. As we look at 2014, we have a goal and our plan we will improve margins. And those margins improvement will come from all the things weve ever done in the past. And we will continue to drive those. If you look at the headwinds, Ill try to explain them again. I think part of it is that you have a large acquisition that wont be  that will be a headwind, okay, and I think I talked about it there even with their margins, but weve got integration expenses and we get this purchase price accounting. How that works is that all the profits thats inside the  whether its in the backlog or in inventory has to flow out. And then you have an ongoing amortization of your goodwill. So there is an impact from those as it flows out on the large acquisition like it is and then you add in the integration cost. As far as other headwinds, there thats probably the biggest one. I think you are going to see us improve our costs related to sourcing, were going to improve our costs related to our efficiency and productivity in the plants. Were going to grow our aftermarket business, which is going to help. Weve got internal growth that well be kicking in. But we also and I want to tell you that its not a headwind, but its a reality. We do invest in internal growth, and if we want to take advantage of a market in China, if we want to take advantage of a market in Russia, if we want to take advantage in these markets, we fund it as we go, okay.  We are funding straight out of the profit, so those costs are impacted, and its hard for us to try to explain to you when those costs will hit, know how much they will be in any given quarter, let alone a year. So we do the best we can in the planning process to identify those costs, and thats where our guidance is. But I think that I dont know my number show a pretty nice, it shows improvement in the margin even with the things I talked about. I dont know if my math was off, sometimes it is.
Patrick D. Dugan: I can tell you 15% and maybe my interest expense is too high, and how I calculate it for the acquisitions. But Im getting a flat margin year-over-year, so maybe we need  I need to take this offline either.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes, you should talk to Tim that we are able to at least, if there is something wrong with your model, but again, we cant provide anymore than we have legitimately. So if there is a question, we actually, I believe the numbers show an improvement in margin.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, look, I could come up with a small improvement to, I guess is what I m trying to figure out as you for the last several years, youve been able to grow margin, close to a 100 basis points on average a year. And I guess is, what Im hearing from you in your explanation is that, if you didnt have some of these internal investments, if you didnt have Fandstan as a headwind, that kind of growth is still the ballpark, where the company should be. And what Im trying to gather from all this is if that is reality and maybe Im looking at it differently for 2014, or if there is a new reality given the size of the company as you said, each incremental margin point gets more difficult to obtain if were getting to a level there where we should think inherently about that type of growth, that margin improvement in the company to a lower level going forward as we have in the past.
Raymond T. Betler: Our goals and incremental improvement are no less than what they were in the past. So I would say that we still are not at the point, where we think that margin expansion isnt a good opportunity for us, okay, so all right.
Art W. Hatfield  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Im just  no I  thats helpful. I will talk offline. What Im really trying to get is when we say margin expansion, are we talking 30 to 50 basis points a year or 100 plus, and thats kind  thats a huge differential between those two. And so, Im trying to gather within my head really how we should be thinking about margin improvement going forward?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think we have the opportunity for good margin improvement going forward.
Art W. Hatfield  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks, Art.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott H. Group  Wolfe Research, LLC: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning.
Raymond T. Betler: Good morning
Scott H. Group  Wolfe Research, LLC: So I dont want to, keep this margin discussion go back, I have one quick follow-up on that. As I just do the math on adding 200 million of  roughly 200 million of revenue for Fandstan and but very little operating profit based on what it seems like you guys are guiding to. Thats about a 100 basis point margin drag this year. So implying that kind of the rest of the business is seeing 100 plus or better margin improvement. I think thats the point youve been trying to make out, are we on the same page on that?
Patrick D. Dugan: Yes, what  I hate to give numbers as you know, but were on the same page. Your explanation and my explanation, you probably did a better job than I do.
Scott H. Group  Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And just two other things; one, what are the implications evolve the weather we are having here in the states, is there going to be a good aftermarket opportunity for you guys this year or are your products different that wouldnt see a benefit from that?
Albert J. Neupaver: Now we do see a benefit and its primarily in our aftermarket area that, this weather has just been extremely difficult to keep the equipment running and its hard on the equipment and we see a pickup and a lot of the overhaul products that we have.
Scott H. Group  Wolfe Research, LLC: When do you think that start to show, is that show up kind of in first quarter or is it take a couple of quarters to play out?
Raymond T. Betler: It usually shows up almost immediately. We dont have much of a backlog in that area, I think our lead times are four to six weeks max.
Scott H. Group  Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then just last thing on the  just kind of an update on balance sheet and uses of cash. So any final decisions on with the Fandstan deal, how much of that was cash and how much was with revolver? And then do you have just  youve got a new buyback announcement, whats your view on incremental uses of cash flow? Do you think its buybacks and acquisitions, and do you think this is a big enough deal, where maybe you slowdown and dont look for other deals this year is how you think about use of cash going forward?
Raymond T. Betler: Yes, the use of cash will continue. Number one priority will be internal development, number two will be acquisitions and we will not slowdown. Number three is stock buyback and dividends that weve increased the dividend three years in a row. Our stock buyback was taken, we had used up a good portion almost more than half of 150 we will back up to 200 to give us that flexibility. So those are the ones. As far as the financing of Fandstan, obviously we havent closed the deal, but maybe Pat, you could give some color on what we think were going to do.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yes, we have cash reserves and balances at overseas that were going to take advantage of using those. Were not going to have to finance the whole acquisition. Were still studying and assessing the most efficient and cost effective way in order to complete the deal. But were going to  were looking at a range of 40%, 50% maybe higher of the acquisition being using available cash reserves and the remainder being barred.
Scott H. Group  Wolfe Research, LLC:  Okay, thats helpful. And then, maybe Pat you just have a view on kind of where you want to take the leverage of the company anything different than what Alvaro had said in the past?
Patrick D. Dugan: No, nothing will be different than what Alvaro said in the past. I mean were committed to maintaining our credit ratings and we have the constant communication with the rating agencies, and so theyre aware of our acquisition profile and our plans on growth expectations. So well continue to execute as we always have.
Scott H. Group  Wolfe Research, LLC: All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Brooklier of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Matthew S. Brooklier  Longbow Research LLC:  Hey, thanks, good morning. So just a question on Fandstan did carry with it, kind of a lower margin profile than some of the deals youve done over the past, lets say, 12 to 18 months, it sounds like, its not going to contribute that much with respect to earnings in 2014, and you could walk through the reasons for that. But my question kind of boils down to, where do you think you can take margins on Fandstan? Can you get it up to where transit is currently, could it be above that, and then whats the timing of improving the overall margin profile on that business?
Raymond T. Betler: Okay, Fandstan, let me explain the business a little bit and then will help you understand. The business was privately held. It was held by Laurd and Lady Tanla was their names and they had it in their names a trust and they hired an individual by the name of Michael Bosserman, who was our Managing Director that ran the business. He ran it out of London and what you had is a lot of separate businesses that are located, you got a manufacturing in Germany, you got manufacturing in the Netherlands, you got manufacturing in the UK, you got some manufacturing in China, Australia, the U.S., sales offices throughout the world. They build a nice business over the years really focusing on high-tech products, almost 60% of it going into the rail business and about 40% into industrial businesses. Their technology is really the ability to take and transfer energy from one position to another, and thats what mainly their reason for existence was electrical current, data collection, and distribution solutions. So its a great basic business that was run as just kind of a many Wabtec in a sense with divisions out there. What we need to do is, we need to take a look to understand the business and find ways to integrate that business into our business model. There is a lot of opportunities to  in order to do that. We think it will take sometime. We think by the end of 2014 most of that integration will be complete. Most of the opportunity that we see in the business is just not a fixture of business. Just keep in mind that their business goals and objectives was based on a family business and not a public business. That is the culture that you need to transform. This is not a problematic business, its a good business, sound business, that if we apply our Wabtec performances, we apply our international platform. If you look at it as 30% of it is aftermarket, the have an installed base in 100 countries, we could grow that. If you take a look at these industrial markets and also their rail products and you look at our distribution throughout the world well improve their revenue over time, it wont happen at first. So what really this is a great acquisition, we want to be honest and upfront with everyone, but its going to take a little bit of time to get the results we are going to get out of it. There is no reason why this couldnt be equal or better than the average of the company, not just a transit business.
Matthew S. Brooklier  Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thats very helpful color there and then as we are looking out 2014 PTC revenue, what is the growth composition of that look like, you gave us the aggregate number for the year, but how much contribution are we getting from the freight side and then how much contribution comes from transit.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, if you look at the amount of revenue weve from PTC in total since we start reporting back in 2010, its been about $600 million. And about a little more than 50% of that is come from U.S. freight and U.S. transit has been about 25% and little less than 25% more like 20% from our international opportunities. In 2014 we expect that distribution to be about the same. We dont see either one, I think that if there would be any, I think if would into 2015 and beyond probably transit and international may got a different percentage, but in 2014 I think that breakdown is pretty accurate to what we think were going to see right now.
Matthew S. Brooklier  Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thats helpful. And then just final question and if you could remind us or if you talk do it in the past. Is there a big difference between PTC margins within freight versus transit?
Albert J. Neupaver: No, no difference.
Matthew S. Brooklier  Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Appreciate the time.
Albert J. Neupaver: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samuel Eisner of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel Eisner  Goldman Sachs: Good morning, everyone.
Albert J. Neupaver: Hi, Sam.
Samuel Eisner  Goldman Sachs: Just going back on PTC, my misunderstanding or I could have this wrong, I thought PTC revenue in 2013 was going to be closer to $250 million, its sounds like came in at $235 million, so is that $15 million differential is that just maybe in wrong or is that maybe a timing issue thats been pushing out to 2014?
Albert J. Neupaver: Its a timing issue Sam, your number was right. So it could catch on your part, but its not that this is lost business or anything, it really comes down to a timing issue, we expected a little more hardware being delivered in the fourth quarter and a lot of that has been put off. So on these projects the other thing it happens on large projects we had anticipated some revenue recognition potentials by meeting milestones on our MRS project, and those milestones really were not met and moved into first quarter of 2014. So those two impacts brought us down a little bit, but its not, I think its just a timing situation and, okay.
Samuel Eisner  Goldman Sachs: Yes. Understood, thank you very much, and then on your backlog I think about 30% of your backlog now is freight with about 70% being transit, thats move  that mix has moved around pretty good amount over the last few years, so just curious how you guys are the thinking about mix going forward in 2014, should we maintain current levels, and then a second part to that freight orders this quarter of course the $390 million I think are highest on an absolute basis perhaps in the companys history. So just curious whats really driving that the significant strength in freight orders?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, lets deal with the first question and that question is do we expect the mix between transit and freight to continue? In 2014, yes, were going to see an equipment growth, so the percentage breakdown of those two businesses should be about the same when you look at the annual percentage not necessarily fourth quarter or the third or second. Just take the annual percentage of freight and transit and you will see about that mix in 2014. Whats driving freight I think if you take a look at freight and you compare it to the fourth quarter of last year, there is a gain obviously coming from the rail build. I think that fourth quarter last year deliveries were probably around 11 or 12, this year were up around almost 16, so you have some growth there. The other thing that weve seen that we really didnt think we would see, we saw some locomotive business that had picked up. We also had a few large contracts that came to an end in the fourth quarter. The other thing it happened is that the acquisition amount in the fourth quarter was a lot of the freight was from acquisitions. If you look at the 2012 to 2013 in the fourth quarter, about $40 plus million, $47 million was freight and $33 million of that $47 million was acquisitions, maybe along within Turbonetics all ended up in the freight, third and fourth quarter, the whole growth was freight, very little growth from transit and that was about 17%  $17 million of that $49 million, $50 million was acquisitions of 30%. I think the one thing that is good and were looking at third to fourth and if you look at the fourth quarter 2012 to 2013 is that in both cases, most of that growth was internal growth, where we had not seen that in the previous quarter. So thats a real plus, I think that our internal engine is starting to pick up, and thats what drove some of that business in.
Samuel Eisner  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. And then just two more housekeeping items here, the restructuring charges announced in the quarter, what specifically were they for and what you expect to payback beyond those?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. What were doing there is two things that two primarily things, one is we announced in the late last year that we were going to relocate most of the manufacturing for one of our transit lines from a plant in California to our plant down in San Luis Potosi in Mexico. This should have a very positive impact going from a high class platform, a high real estate area to an already existing infrastructure in a low cost labor platform. So we should see good margin improvement based on that. The other thing is as I mentioned, we finished some large orders especially in the locomotive area and with the completion of some of those orders we needed to restructure our business and their severance cost related to that.  So that is not so much an improvement as right  putting the right level of cost in with the business, but there is a bit of restructuring thats related to that. Okay.
Samuel Eisner  Goldman Sachs: Im trying to sneak one more and just on the acquisition on Fandstan, have you guys called out how much purchase accounting, should be and my estimates close to maybe $6 million or $7 million, but just kind of curious how you guys are thinking about that?
Albert J. Neupaver: We dont have an exact number at this point.
Samuel Eisner  Goldman Sachs: Right.
Albert J. Neupaver: On the purchase accounting, we estimated and then Pat wanted to explain the process and then when we understand we could maybe give you more color, okay.
Patrick D. Dugan: Well have short-term expense amortization cost related to step-up and backlog value and inventory value. We estimate that to be in the $5 million range, but we expect that also to change because thats we have to get in to some of the integration process and really make sure we understand and account for that properly. There also be some additional long-term amortization expense related to other intangibles and all those things are being worked on and we expect to finalize as we go through 2014.
Samuel Eisner  Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke of Janney Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Liam D. Burke  Janney Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning Al.
Albert J. Neupaver : Good morning, Liam.
Liam D. Burke  Janney Capital Markets: Al you announced a contract during the quarter to supply a Canadian transit company with low emission locomotives, is this a trend with increasing environmental standards throughout the world, is this an opportunity that you could take worldwide or is this just one-off?
Albert J. Neupaver : Its something that really you could probably going to see more and more and thats taking some of the older locomotives and getting it upgraded to tier 4 capabilities. I think this might be the first tier 4 re-powered locomotives delivered. We hope to see that as a business opportunity going forward. Ray, you might want to expand because I know you are close to that project.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes, its exactly, Liam its our first opportunity to introduce tier 4 technology, which is a specification requirement for 2015. So one well be the first to introduce it in North America and its for application and go transit, when we have a strong installed base and we have other ongoing contracts.
Liam D. Burke  Janney Capital Markets: Great and then Al, the big part of the aftermarket growth was in services, is that I guess Pats question, are the margins on aftermarket service equal or approximate the aftermarket product profitability?
Albert J. Neupaver: Generally, yes our aftermarket business usually get better margins as many companies. I think the service part of it is less than the parts, but both when you average them together, we have better margins in our aftermarket business, but service is less than parts.
Liam D. Burke  Janney Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Thom Albrecht of BB&T. Please go ahead.
Thom S. Albrecht  BB&T Capital Markets: Hey guys a lot of my question have been answered, but I would like to clarify a couple of things. So on the $3.8 million charge I know you said it was kind a split between the SG&A and COGS, but just as a run rate going forward especially now with Fandstan, what should we think about at least right now for quarterly SG&A rate?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we think our SG&A rate going forward should be somewhere in the $75 million range, fourth quarter was slightly over $70 million, and we think with the addition of Fandstan it could creep up to the $75 million. Again thats also something well access and review, make sure that we are all catching the cost consistently.
Thom S. Albrecht  BB&T Capital Markets: Sure. And then I calculated about $142 million of acquired revenues last year including the little bitty of the transit item penciling at about $2 million there, but what was the purchase price for all of the acquisitions I think you gave it earlier in the call how much you spend on acquisitions last year?
Raymond T. Betler: 220
Thom Albrecht  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then were there any adverse foreign currency issues in the quarter. I am thinking especially Australia, but maybe other place?
Raymond T. Betler: I will give you just a few  if you look at 2013 third to fourth revenue was impacted positively 6.7 if you look at compare fourth quarter 2012 to 2013 it was a negative about a million and if you look at year-to-date it was negative but 2015, 2016 and you are right the main once it were Australia and Brazil
Thom Albrecht  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thats all I had. Thank you very much.
Raymond T. Betler: All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Halter of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Greg W. Halter- Great Lakes Review: Yes, good morning guys and thanks for taking the questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, hi Greg.
Raymond T. Betler:  Yes, hi, Greg.
Greg W. Halter- Great Lakes Review: Regarding the MRS, you made some comments early about the milestones, what are your expectations their and their implementation of their PTC system?
Albert J. Neupaver:  We feel that will be in good position to have that system, totally operating, no later than the first quarter of 2015, most of it should be running later this year, because of the pullback in China for some of the mining demands, resources. I think the option that weve talked about will be delayed. I think I was work another $80 million near. So
Greg W. Halter- Great Lakes Review: Thats delayed but not lost from that contract?
Albert J. Neupaver: No, no I think that we have every indication that they are getting the, advantages that they had anticipated in the benefits that they had planned for out of the system and I think is the system becomes fully operable, it will even be better.
Greg W. Halter- Great Lakes Review: All right, and regarding the ECP business, can you discuss how that is performing and whether or not there is any movement to foot in the U.S. given improved being shift by rail and accidents and so forth, and I know you guys have a big stress on safety at Wabtec?
Albert J. Neupaver: We still see a lot of interest as well as implementation of ECP trains throughout the world, Australia, Brazil lot of pilots running and South Africa as far as the U.S. we have seen little or no interest at this point, I think they are preoccupied but a lot of other things, I think ECP get mentioned sometime and you talk about what could happen if you had an electrified train a line that ran through the train, could it help somewhat, when you look at safety and hand brakes and another things, but there is a lot going on in that area.
Greg W. Halter- Great Lakes Review: All right and a couple of housekeeping items, Pat do you have the approximate equity balance and total assets at the end of the year? Patrick D. Dugan Yes, shareholders equity is 1,517 million and total assets, $2.8 billion.
Greg W. Halter- Great Lakes Review: All right and regarding the OEM and aftermarket, you have that breakdown either for the year or the quarter and both freight and transit either in percents or dollars or whatever you may have available?
Patrick D. Dugan: Yes, I have it. So for the year the freight breakdown was 49 OEM, 51 aftermarket, and transit, the breakdown was 36 OEMs, 64 aftermarket.
Greg W. Halter- Great Lakes Review: All right, great. And then one last one on the PTCO, Ive read a couple of stories about some contracts from a couple of the transit agencies that are reportedly awarded, but they havent seen you guys put out a release on that yet and just wondering how that process works and maybe this is what you were mentioning earlier Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, were working with all the transit authorities, which you did see was related to the New York metropolitan transit authority. There was a contract that was announced that Bombardier and Siemens would upgrade the access system. Thats a different system thats used in the Northeast Corridor that is not the type of system that we sell for the freight lines as well as the transit lines that use commuter rails. This system is a system that requires that they announced was electrified system that is upgrading the current system. I think the system was originally installed. Boston was the designer of the original system, and I think this is just upgraded to make sure that it fully is positive train control on all segments at the rail road. So its a different product and different application market.
Patrick D. Dugan: Great. You are right, we do you see sometimes the agencies will make awards, but that doesnt mean weve actually signed contracts, and thats pretty typical on transit that there cant be a lag between when they may make a contract awards and when we make science.
Greg W. Halter- Great Lakes Review: Okay. Yes, there were couples that were outside of New York that I know. All right thank you. Well be so looking for those in the near future hopefully.
Albert J. Neupaver: All right, great.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. If there is no
Operator: I apologize. Our next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ken R. Zener  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. This is actually Ken Zener for Steve, how are you?
Albert J. Neupaver: Good.
Raymond T. Betler: Good, how are you?
Ken R. Zener  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good. Hey, thanks for taking my call, I know as such a couple of questions regarding Fandstan. I was just wondering if you could talk about different color on Fandstan seasonality, if thats anything like the rest of your business. And you also talked as to how the product exposure, it doesnt really overlap with any of your other businesses. And I was just wondering if you can give some color as to how tough you think that is going to be to integrate and how to grow those product lines?
Albert J. Neupaver:  Okay. First one seasonality is probably similar to ours, the fact that they have a larger percentage of business in the European community might suggest third quarter vacation period, holiday periods could impact that, but I dont think its that much different than ours. As far as the integration I think it will be a complex integration not because were not familiar with the product or the markets we call in the same customers, just there is always cultural issues that we need to make sure that were sensitive too and we do a proper integration and take advantage of all the opportunities that is there.
Ken R. Zener  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great thanks and then one last question for you, could you talk to the capital structure of Fandstan going forward, just kind of give us an idea, what kind of incremental interest expense we should be looking at?
Albert J. Neupaver :  We talked a little bit about how were going to finance this and its still, were still assessing the most optimal and efficient way to do it, so were thinking that its going to be a combination of the cash available on hand in Europe and financing from our existing revolver and were thinking 40% to 50% will be using cash we have available.
Ken R. Zener  KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thanks guys.
Albert J. Neupaver:  Okay, thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Chairman and CEO, Al Neupaver for any closing remarks.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thank you very much. Well talk to you in April.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - Chairman of The Board and Chief Executive Officer Raymond T. Betler - President and Chief Operating Officer Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Alfred Rhem Wood - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. Now I would turn the conference over to Tim Wesley. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the other Wabtec people who are here with me, our Chairman and CEO, Al Neupaver; Ray Betler, our President and COO; Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; and Pat Dugan, our Senior VP of Finance and Corporate Controller. As usual, we'll make our prepared remarks and then take your questions. Please do refer to the -- today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers, as we will make forward-looking statements during the call. Now before I do turn it over to Al, I'm going to give a brief commercial here for our Wabtec Annual Investor Conference, coming up next month here in -- at global headquarters in Wilmerding, November 11 and 12. Dinner with management on the 11th, and then the meeting itself will be here on the 12th, a series of management presentations, plant tour. And we hope that you can join us. We have about 35 to 40 people already signed up. But there's always room for more. So if you do need more information about that, please give me a call or email me. Al, go ahead.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Tim. Good morning. We had an excellent operating performance in the third quarter, with sales of $631 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.76. These results represent third quarter records and the second highest quarterly total ever for Wabtec. Backlog has held steady at near record levels of $1.7 billion. Overall, our businesses are performing well in what is still a slowly recovering global economy. We have been successful, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of the Wabtec Performance System. We remain optimistic about the long-term growth opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets. These markets are driven by trends such as increasing global trade, urbanization, infrastructure investment and increasing demand for more environmentally friendly technology. We have the products, the services, our customers need. We have the financial strength and the capacity to invest in growing our businesses around the world. Today, we increased our 2013 EPS guidance slightly. Based on our year-to-date results and outlook, we now expect full year EPS to be between $3 and $3.04 with a sales growth of about 8% for the year. The midpoint of that EPS guidance is about 17% higher than our 2012 results. Transit is driving our top line growth for the year due to our strong backlog in both U.S. and international, as well as acquisitions in this market area. Freight revenues should continue to improve into the fourth quarter. Our guidance assumes the following: Continued growth in the global economy; the U.S. and European transit markets remain stable with the emerging countries driving growth. Our transit revenues are growing based on our existing backlog of projects in the U.S. and internationally. We assume that U.S. freight traffic will remain stable with OEM locomotive and car builds down 10% to 15% for the year. We assume no major changes in foreign exchange rates and a slightly lower tax rate for the year. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling costs, focused on cash generation to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond decisively to any changes in market conditions. I'd like to ask Ray to discuss what we're seeing in our key markets. Ray?
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks, Al. Stability is still the theme of our transit markets, both in the U.S. and internationally. In the U.S., ridership is up about 1% in second quarter and is flat year-to-date. In 2013, North America transit car deliveries will be about 900, bus deliveries will be about 4,500, and both figures are same as last year. Transit funding in the U.S. is also stable. It remains about $10 billion, about where it was for the past several years. This stability in North America market continues despite budget issues and uncertainties about the long-term transportation build. Outside the U.S. we're seeing stability in the developed markets and growth in the emerging markets. Ridership and funding in Europe, for example, remains stable. We continue to see good growth opportunities in countries such as China and South Africa. Our growth in transit has been broad-based, with a little more than half of it coming from outside our traditional U.S. market. In NAFTA [ph] , freight traffic is up year-to-date. Total traffic is up about 1.6% compared to the first 9 months of last year, and this was driven by 3.7% increases in intermodal with general commodities and merchandise traffic flat. Growth and shipments of chemicals, oil and gas, aggregates and motor vehicles has offset the decreases in coal and other commodities. Still, expect OEM rolling start deliveries in 2013 to be lower than 2012 by about 10% to 15%. About 1,200 new locomotives were delivered last year, and we expect that to be around 1,000 to 1,100 this year. It looks like the industry will deliver around 50,000 or so new freight cars this year compared to 59,000 last year. In the third quarter, about 12,600 cars were delivered, which is about the same as Q3 2012. Third quarter orders were good at about 12,800, which drove the backlog to almost 74,000, which is the highest since 2007. And for the second quarter in a row, tank cars represented less than 50% of new orders. So we have started to see other car types start to pick up, which is what we expected. Globally, freight traffic is also mixed. China is still growing, but not at fast as predicted, and so, there is some ripple effect in the mining countries, especially countries like Australia, Brazil and South Africa, where we've seen a little bit of weakness. Al?
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Ray. As a corporation, we're going to continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Our priorities for allocating free cash have not changed. We're fortunate to have the financial strength to invest in all of them. We want to fund our internal growth programs first as product development and capital expenditures. We want to fund acquisitions. We had 2 acquisitions in the third quarter, and that makes 3 for the full year. We also want to return money to our shareholders through the combination of dividends and stock buybacks. Today we announced our regular quarterly dividend of $0.04 per share, which our board has now increased 3 years in a row. We also had a 2-for-1 stock split in the form of a 100% stock dividend earlier this year. Also in the third quarter, we bought back 93,000 shares for about $5 million. We still have about $70 million in authorization remaining, and we expect to continue to use it. With our strong cash generation and balance sheet, we have more than adequate flexibility and capacity to invest on our growth strategies. Those strategies, I'd like to remind you, are global and market expansion; aftermarket expansion; new products and technologies and acquisitions. Let's talk a little bit about the progress we've made in each of those. From a global market expansion standpoint, our sales outside of the U.S. in the third quarter was over $300 million, at 48% of total sales. That's versus about 1/3, 5 years ago. We continue to make good progress in our international markets. We were selected to provide brake system for locomotives that a Chinese company is supplying to South Africa. We are also negotiating joint ventures with 2 companies that would provide us a presence in Russia, the largest freight rail market in the world. We take a look at aftermarket expansion. Overall, our aftermarket sales were $358 million. That's growing 21% compared to the prior year. Aftermarket represented 57% of our total sales in the quarter. Acquisitions have contributed to this growth and we're also expanding organically in areas such as locomotive services in the U.S. and component servicing in Australia. New products, a very important aspect to our growth strategy. We continue to focus on it, representing about 1/3 of our total sales. We won additional orders for our newly developed low-emission locomotives from Go Transit, a commuter agency that serves Toronto. This was for 10 units at a price of around $60 million. This is a follow-on order from a couple of years ago. This model features twin engines that meet Tier 4 emission standards and will improve fuel efficiency compared to the customer's existing locomotives. They include many components and systems manufactured by other Wabtec units. A little update on positive train control. Our sales in the quarter were about $60 million. Revenue should continue to increase into the fourth quarter for PTC products. During the quarter, we announced the $9 million contract with North County in San Diego, where we will provide equipment and services for their installation of PTC. We're working with several other transit agencies in the U.S. and expect to make future announcements. As we all know, there's still talk about the delay -- the deadline. Nothing's changed so far. The latest report that we've had from the federal government, the government accountability office has suggested, that any delay, should be on case-by-case basis, rather than a blanket multi-year extension. We remain focused on doing our part to help the industry meet its deadlines and requirements. Our fourth strategy, acquisitions. As I stated earlier, we acquired 2 companies during the quarter, and we have an active pipeline of opportunities. We continue to be very selective and disciplined in our approach. We acquired a company by the name of Longwood Industries. Longwood is a manufacturer of specialty rubber products, with annual sales of about $70 million. This business complements an already existing rubber business that we've had for years. Longwood serves a variety of markets including oil and gas, transportation and industrial industry. They offer growth opportunities, especially with its capability for being able to bond rubber to fabric and rubber to metal, as well as other specialty products that they have developed. The second acquisition in the quarter was Turbonetics. Turbonetics is a manufacturer of radial turbochargers with annual sales of about $15 million. If you remember, earlier this year, we acquired a company located in the U.K., Napier, which makes turbochargers as well. They have a different technology; they use axial technology, which is ideal for larger turbochargers. This particular technology that Turbonetics has serves a variety of industrial markets, including aerospace and marine and provides technology for us to be able to penetrate into the rail market that uses turbochargers. What I like to do now is ask Alvaro to give us a little bit of a financial update.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thanks, Al, and good morning, everyone. We had a solid quarter in a challenging environment, so I'm pleased to be able to review our financial results with you today. Starting with sales. Sales for the third quarter were $631 million. This was 8% higher than last year. Organic growth contributed about 2%, about 1.6% of the increase. And acquisitions contributed to the rest of the growth. Transit Group sales increased due to revenues from our backlog of existing projects, as well as from one of our acquisitions. The Freight Groups sales, however, decreased about 4% compared to last year, mainly for 2 reasons. Lower OE volume and, consequently, lower sales of components for locomotive and freight cars in NAFTA, as well as reduced natural gas drilling activity, which has resulted in lower demand for industrial heat exchangers that are used for gen sets in that market. In terms of margins, as we've discussed, we are always striving to drive our operating margins higher and we achieved that during the quarter. Operating expenses increased, but this was due mainly to acquisitions. They were still on the 12.4% of sales, slightly lower than last year. Controlling costs as you well know, is paramount for us and we also try to take advantage of our operating leverage. For the quarter, operating income was $110 million or 17.4% of sales compared to 16.5% of sales in the year ago quarter. Margin performance is driven by several factors, including higher sales and benefits from our Wabtec Performance System. As a result of some delivery delays, we recorded a pretax charge of $1.9 million in cost of sales for contract charges on our locomotive division this quarter. We wanted to point this out, because it's a relatively large charge. In terms of interest, interest expense for the quarter was $3.8 million versus $3.1 million, last year, increase is due to higher debt due to acquisitions. Other expense included a pretax $1 million loss from foreign currency translation. This is non-cash. Is strictly paper, and it arises from translating balance sheet items into US dollars. We sometimes hedge to minimize economic i.e. real gains and losses arising from FX rather than paper, but can sometimes have these paper gains and loss. In terms of taxes, the effective tax rate was lower than normal due to a benefit of about $2.2 million related to changes in deferred taxes in foreign jurisdictions. This item occurred because of late legislation, which was enacted in the U.K. during the quarter. This legislation reduced the tax rate from 23% to 21%. Essentially, we reduced our deferred tax liability to account for the change in rate which resulted in the gain. Our normal effective rate going forward we still expect to be plus or minus 32% especially in the fourth quarter. And then just to wrap it up, earnings per diluted share were $0.76 versus $0.65 in the year-ago quarter for a 17% increase. In terms of cash flow, we have generated $85 million year-to-date, which puts us behind last year's pace. We are disappointed in that. And one of our key goals for the rest of the year is to improve on this performance. Working capital increased slightly, in part, due to acquisitions. At September 30, receivables were $570 million, inventories were $400 million and payables were $288 million. Our working capital, excluding cash, was about 20.9% of sales at the end of the quarter versus about 18.4% at June 30 this year. Part of the reason for the increase is receivables arising from our long-term contracts. In essence, our collections are lagging behind our costs. We believe, we can do a better job of matching our cash inflows with our costs, and we'll strive to do so in the future. Also, as our business has become more global and as we expand our sourcing programs into other low-cost countries, this affects our working capital requirements. Even so, we continue to think there are plenty of opportunities to reduce working capital, both with inventory and receivables, as well as the project cost that I mentioned earlier. In terms of cash and debt. At September 30, we had $281 million in cash, mostly outside the U.S. The balance at June 30 was $215 million. At September 30, we also had debt of $542 million compared to $397 million at June 30. The debt was increased due to acquisitions. Also during the quarter, we completed a $250 million bond offering. The bonds, which have a coupon rate of 4.375 -- 4 3/8 and mature in 2023 were rated investment grade by Moody's and S&P. We used the proceeds to reduce our revolver and for general corporate purposes. Some of the plenary items we always review during the call. Depreciation was $8.2 million in the quarter compared to $7.4 million last year. Amortization was $3.9 million in both quarters. We had CapEx of $9 million versus $8.2 million in the third quarter of '12. For the first 9 months of the year, CapEx was about $24 million -- $24 million, $25 million. For 2013 -- for all of 2013, we'll probably end up somewhere in the mid-30s for CapEx. And shareholder's equity, I think we typically get a question asking what our shareholders' equity balance is -- was $1,512,700,000, and that's a preliminary number. But I think, we can use that for the time being. In terms of backlog, we've maintained the backlog at a near record high, and 10% higher than a year ago. The multi-year backlog, that is the total backlog was about $1.7 billion, slightly higher than June 30. But it gets lost in the rounding to be honest. The transit backlog was $1.17 billion versus $1.18 billion in June 30, so we're very stable. The freight was actually higher, $512 million versus $490 million in June 30. The rolling 12-month backlog what we expect to execute in the next 12 months, which is really a subset of the multi-year backlog. The total is about $1.1 billion, again, slightly lower than June 30. Transit was $630 million versus $671 million in June, and freight was $433 million, an increase of a little bit of over the $409 million in the second quarter. And also, I should emphasize that those figures don't include about $200 million of contract options that are not counted in the backlog. We don't count the backlog until it's a legally binding obligation. And with that I'll turn it over back to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, thanks a lot, Alvaro. Once again, the company's performing well, with good margin performance and the backlog at near record levels. We are anticipating another record year. We raised our EPS guidance to $3 to $3.04, on revenue growth of about 8%. We remain extremely pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see. As countries around the world continues to invest in freight rail and passenger transit infrastructure, we continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools and the foundation we need to generate cash and reduce cost. With our experienced management team and dedicated workforce, we're able to take advantage of our growth opportunities and respond to any changes in market conditions. With that we'd be more than happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Wanted to just follow up on the backlog a little bit. So it's been kind of leveling off, as you point out the past few quarters. What does that tell you about revenue growth over the next year or so, excluding acquisitions? Should revenue be flattening out ? Is that the way to think about it? Or is that not right?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think, when you look at the backlog, I think, here's 2 things that you have to understand. First of all is that we never get a lot of visibility in the freight markets. And we do have long-term visibility in the transit markets. And as Ray said in his prepared remarks, we're seeing stability in the transit markets around the world. We're growing in the market share area, but it is a stable situation. We really expect the freight markets to continue to improve. If you compare the freight markets to where they were last year and you look at it quarter-to-quarter, we were short in the first quarters to tougher comparisons. Now we're actually seeing more growth in the freight area. We expect to see that in the future. And that won't be reflected in as much into the backlog. We just don't have the visibility that we have in the transit market. So I wouldn't agree that it needs -- the revenue is flattened off. But I think, if you look year-on-year, 2012 to 2013, most of our growth has been from the acquisition area and not from internal growth. Now there was a slight change in that this quarter. We actually grew -- it was 75%, 77% through acquisitions. But we did see some internal growth, which is a good positive trend, considering the fact that the third quarter -- the seasonality in the third quarter has always been somewhat lower than the second and fourth quarter. I just want to point that out. So when you look at the backlog, I think there's a lot of factors that go into it, and hopefully, that answers your question.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Yes. That's very helpful. Just a follow-up of you're talking about on the freight side picking up. Now that the order book has been a little bit more balanced, and it's not just tanks, would you expect the quarterly run rate of deliveries to start picking up?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, it will. Because as you know, I mean, the tank car capacity is at its limit. They're able to make, I don't know -- 7,500. And that's the deliveries you're seeing every quarter from them. And so we get covered hoppers and orders in other areas. I think that you'll find that they'll be able to deplete that portion of the backlog a lot quicker. I think, right now, if you look tank cars, you got about 8 quarters at the current rate.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right, I was going to say, I think, we're booked in tank cars through 2015, but they do have capacity in the other areas. So you would expect that capacity to be filled as other orders start to come in. I think you're absolutely right.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, good. Just 2 more things. First, on PTC. Did you say that you think it picks up in fourth quarter and then, as we think about '14, are the customers, the rails giving any sense that they're going to slow their pace of investment with a potential for a delay? Or would you think we have another year of up revenue in PTC next year?
Albert J. Neupaver: It's hard to call right now. I think that we -- as we said earlier, we expected it to continue to increase throughout the year. There's obviously a lot of work that's going on. We really haven't really given any guidance yet on 2014 and what we see. Those are some things that we're working on now as we go through our budgeting process. Hopefully, we can speak to that a little better when we give guidance for 2014. We do expect it to continue to pick up. The good news in the PTC area is that I think right now, we have 2 of the railroads that are in the field testing. And we expect the other 2 major railroads to start that in the near future. And that in itself creates a demand. So that would be a positive. I think, that if we look into '14, it's just hard to call. I think, there's a lot of moving parts, there's a lot of discussion around any delay or no delay. And the railroads have a lot of options that they have to consider when they're trying to allocate their capital spend.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Yes, makes sense there. And just last thing, so you mentioned South Africa a couple times. Maybe give us some color on how big your business is in South Africa or what your share is like. I feel like I keep hearing about a big investment coming on the transit side in South Africa, and just want to get sense of kind of what the potential upside could be there.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, I'm going to ask Ray to talk about the large opportunity that exists there. But I want to point out, when you talk about a large investment in South Africa, there's 2 things you have to take into consideration. Nothing happens overnight, and the investment is an investment over next 20 years. So there's large numbers going around. But it's not all going to be shipped or handled in very short period of time. And to get a order through the process down there, it's bureaucracy at its worst.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes, I think, the reason you keep hearing about South Africa is because of the process that Al just explained. It takes a long time for anything to come to fruition. But there is planning in place and funding in place to upgrade their overall transportation network. And in particular, on the locomotive side, there are -- there was an initial order that it's already been let for 95 electric locomotives. We've won the brake system contract for that. The Chinese are supplying the locomotives; we're supplying the brakes. There'll be a follow-on order of a purported 599 electric locomotives. Obviously, that's not been let yet, that's in the process of coming to market. They will be bid on by international locomotive builders. Additionally, South African government has communicated that they'll to go out for 465 diesel electric locomotives. Again, international locomotives builders will bid on that, like GE, the Chinese, the Europeans. We will bid to those locomotive builders for various components and subsystems. And on a transit side, there's already been announced a large order of thousands of transit vehicles. And the reason, I don't want to be specific about the number is because it's going to be let in options, so the initial order will probably be for around 600.They've talked about numbers from 3,000, 6,000, 8,000 over a 20-year period. But that's going to take place over the long term. But ALSTOM does have the initial order. We, along with our competitors, have bid to ALSTOM for subsystems on those vehicles. ALSTOM has not awarded the subsystems yet. So we can't talk about in any detail the specifics of that process.
Operator: And the next question comes from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Al, you had mentioned, sort of the fall-out of the slowness [ph] in the Chinese economy, impacting some of the international freight markets. But Alvaro, your comments didn't seem to suggest that impacted Q3. I mean, was it not significant enough? I mean, how should we be thinking about that?
Albert J. Neupaver: See the international markets, I think to be honest, they come and go. Brazil, definitely slowed down a little bit on their export activity to China. You're starting to see signs of it in Australia. But then again, this morning, there was a report that -- and I forget exactly what it was, but the Chinese -- actually industrial output rose significantly which people are saying, "No, no, no. Geez, no, don't discount China. China is going to be very steady." And there's going to be a consistent need for their products. We've seen, I guess, the best way to describe it is we've seen a little softening and it's impacted our results a little bit. But it hasn't had a major dramatic impact.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think, there were lot of projects, Allison, that were in the works. And what we're seeing now, they haven't taken projects off the table, but they delayed implementation a little bit on new projects. And I think, that's the concern [ph] area that we just want to identify for you.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And Alvaro, you talked quite a bit the past few quarter about improving working capital. And I know acquisitions certainly impacted that number this quarter. Is there any way to -- it may not be exact numbers, but from a core perspective, have we seen improvement in that number or are we still sort of stuck?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: To be honest, I think, we can get -- I haven't seen improvement in that number. I've actually seen a degradation in that number. And that's one of the things that internally we're really focusing on. I touched about it a little bit in the prepared remarks. But basically, one of the things that I'm just trying to be frank, is we could have done better is on our long-term contracts. We could have matched our cash outlays to the anticipated receipts much better. And as a result, we've had a buildup in receivables associated with those contracts. One of the things we're going to try and do is stress collection efforts to get those receivables more in line to where they should be. And in the future, make sure that we match them up better. That's an area we can definitely improve on, and we're not happy with where we are right now.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think what we're doing a great job of blocking and tackling. But when it comes to the larger contracts, it's an area where we need better match of cash flow. There's no question about it, and we intend to get better in that area.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last, is there any -- I know, we are closer to the end of that Brazilian PTC project. Any updates that you guys are willing to share in terms of that progress?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. The progress down there has been excellent. And right now, we're in the phase where we're running the trains there, their utilizing the train control system. We're probably, I think, our implementation rate now is probably around about maybe 50%, 60% of the lines, Ray?
Raymond T. Betler: Yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: And what we're doing is, we're helping, we're assisting the operations with our key people right now. And I think, the project as we see now it will be fully complete within the next 12 to 15 months. And to take on a project -- a turnkey project to put in an entire signaling system is something that we've never done before. And to implement it the way that our team has, I can only compliment our management team that has worked on it. It's been a -- it's going to -- been a great project so far. We'd like to see the cash flow a little better with it, as we stated. But I think the project itself has been a success and I think the customer would agree with that.
Operator: And now the next question comes from Rhem Wood with BB&T Capital Markets.
Alfred Rhem Wood - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: To stay on the Brazil for a second, so they did exercise the second half of that contract?
Albert J. Neupaver: No, they have not. And there is a good -- there's a good -- I think that's a good example when we talk about the impact of China. They, right now, are reviewing whether -- what's the timing of that second option. How can they get some of the benefits without fully implementing that option. Because I think, Brazil, like Australia and other parts of the world are saying, "What is going to be the demand?" And it has lot to do with -- the demand ties into the pricing of iron ore and pricing of coal. And so, that's a good example of one of those areas where it's going to happen. It's there. But they have not executed that yet.
Alfred Rhem Wood - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, that's good color. And then, can you give a little color -- to go back to PTC, just the Q3 breakdown between kind of domestic and international in freight and transit. It sounds like -- I mean, it just sounds like that given the recent moratorium on towers, the 15% to 20% revenue growth rate for this year is still in play at least in the fourth quarter. But just kind of a little more color on any delays you expect over the next couple of quarters?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think that if you take a look at what we've shipped in the PTC area right now, about 60% of that has been in the U.S. freight markets. About, maybe a little less than 20% in transit and maybe a little more than 20% in international, which really is tied to Australia and there are some projects over there. We have small one and the MRS project. As we said, we think that PTC sales will continue to grow into the fourth quarter and we really haven't given any guidance beyond that. Our original goal of 15 -- 10% to 15% growth in the year, still possible. But we'll see what happens in the fourth quarter. Again, the railroads, this is a big capital expense for them and they have to make the right decision whether they delay putting some of those onboard computers on or not. I can tell you that all the projects and everything is moving ahead forward. Some of the capital expenditure, it's tough to call within a quarter or the next quarter right now.
Alfred Rhem Wood - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then, just the last one. Any update in announcing a partner in Russia and kind of what's going on there?
Albert J. Neupaver: Like any negotiation, we wanted to indicate that we're targeting that market. It's a large freight market. We're working with partners. However, it takes time. Every little sentence needs to be read, understood and the contract needs to be understood. And this is a new market for us where we want to be very careful. We want to protect our intellectual property. And we want to take advantage of the market. And so, it's just going to take time. We just wanted let you know that we've made a good conscious decision. It's one of our strategic initiatives that we want to grow in that market area.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And I just want to emphasize a couple of things. But one, it's a huge market. In terms of market size, you can almost say it's big as the U.S. in certain respects, and a little bit smaller in others. But it's a big market and we just want to enter it carefully and do it properly for the long term.
Operator: And the next question comes from Art Hatfield with Raymond James.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I hate to kind of keep on PTC, but just a quick question. Based on the comments that you've made so far today, it sounds to me like your contribution going at least for the next year, if we think about '14, and that Brazil is probably going to be consistent with what it was in '13. What is the wildcard, I guess, to getting growth next year? Is it the U.S. freight market or is it transit or is -- am I wrong in my thinking about Brazil for next year?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I -- first of all, I don't believe it's a wildcard, Art, at all. I think that the plan is an incremental plan. It's going to require and what we will see is all those areas. We'll see transit continue to develop. We'll see the U.S. freight market continue to develop and we'll see other international projects. MRS will continue to develop as well as others. This is a long-term business as we've told you. And we're pretty excited about the opportunity. I don't think there's wildcards or any kind of mystery to it. We just haven't provided the 2014 guidance. And I don't think it's right to give it on this particular call.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: No. I'm not asking for guidance and I guess, maybe wildcard is not the best term. But I'm just saying kind of where does the -- what creates the volatility within the business, I guess?
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't anticipate a lot. I know, we really don't anticipate a lot of volatility with it. We think that the railroads are going to continue to develop. We think that the transit authorities that we're working with will be moving their programs along. I think, it's a great positive story that will continue.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Are you seeing anything with the transit? The word on the transit authorities has been a funding issue. Have you heard anything or seen anything from them in that regard?
Albert J. Neupaver: They sure are doing a lot of work without funding. If that's the case, we've got a number of projects going on and there's 20-plus agencies. I can't name more than a couple, but is in very serious discussions or negotiations on the contract at this point.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Then just finally, I want to kind of if you could, Al, address kind of the longer-term strategic or your acquisition strategy longer term. You've done a great job of layering on small acquisitions. But as you get bigger, do you think about changing the strategy at all and maybe, thinking on a larger scale, both kind of within your markets or maybe getting larger within some of the ancillary or tangential markets that you serve with regards to your acquisition strategy?
Albert J. Neupaver: No. I think, that we've been extremely happy with our acquisition strategy. And as we've always stated, we're going to continue to be opportunistic. I think the real beauty of Wabtec and its acquisition strategy is that we have the capability of doing a super large one and we could continue doing small ones. I don't feel that there's a driving need that we've got change the strategy. Obviously, as you grow, when you want to maintain double digits growth, an acquisition makes up about half the -- our anticipated growth into the future from our strategic planning process. You may have to do more or you may have to look at bigger ones but, again, we're just going to be opportunistic. We never feel that we have to do an acquisition. And we'll continue to approach it that way. What we're seeing in our pipeline is opportunities across the board. We also -- we want to stick pretty close to our core competencies. We're not about to go out and start another leg. We really like the rail business. We do not want to get our management distracted. They know how to deal in the rail businesses. If there's businesses that are close to the core technologies and the capabilities we have. A good example is that Longwood has some other markets as did Napier and Turbonetics. All those are businesses and technology that we understand in the markets we understand. If we continue to find those kind of opportunities, we'll continue to grow in those areas.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Last question on that. Really my last question overall. Your balance sheet is extremely healthy. So you're not constrained financially to be very opportunistic, if the right kind of large acquisition comes on? Are you constrained from a people standpoint internally or do you have the infrastructure in place to be opportunistic along the size scale?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that we've proven that we've been able to grow through acquisitions. I think that people asked what are some of the concerns you have. I think anyone that doesn't put at the top of their list as far as the concerns, is making sure that you have to management talent and the capabilities to absorb those things. When we look at acquisitions, one of the key criteria is that they have good management and that management is capable to come along. If we don't feel that we have the management team to do it, we're not going to do it. That's part of that discipline that we talk about. One thing that you have to realize when you do go bigger and if you did that one opportunistic thing, it will distract your management. The bigger the businesses are, sometimes the tougher the cultural change is and it may take longer. So you have to really gauge how strong your management team, how strong your company is to take these on. And you have to be opportunistic. But there's times when you may want one that you don't go after because management is not there to run it.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And actually if I can a couple of things, Arthur. This is Alvaro. The first is, as I think everybody knows we operate the company pretty thriftly. I mean we don't have a lot of people sitting around, looking for work to do. And when you operate like that, you don't necessarily have a lot of excess talent. But again, we haven't found that to be a constraint. Because we have the acquisition has good internal management, or we can go out and get it. And I think we've been very successful, one, in getting good management; and two, having a good leadership development process and succession strategy so we're not caught short. And the second point is, I think, we found -- to be honest, I think it makes common sense, the larger the acquisition, the better the management. What we found is, with some of the smaller ones, geez, you may have an owner who's retiring and he takes a lot of the knowledge with him and how do you replace that? But a larger acquisition, typically the company is better run; has audited financial statements; it has bank financing; it has to provide reports; and it has much more capable management. So in terms of acquisition size, I don't think we'll be constrained at all from doing a larger one because typically they do have better management. And if not, we know how to go out and get good management. So to be honest I don't see that as a constraint at all.
Operator: And the next question comes from Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So a couple of questions on the guidance here. Obviously, you raised the EPS guidance and you maintained the revenue guidance. Given the fact that you are now closed on Longwood as well as Turbonetics. So I guess, what are the implied kind of organic guidance for the company?
Albert J. Neupaver: We gave you, I think, that in the announcement for -- obviously, Turbonetics was done before, so that's been in the guidance. But the revenue related to Longwood, when you look at the fourth quarter, I think, that we're talking about the...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: about $15 million.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. $15 million to $17 million. So it's not going to make up a large part of that. So the rest would become internal growth.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And in terms of EBIT earnings, Sam, basically what happens -- we've discussed this in the past, about what happens is the accountants make you write up their backlog and their inventory on hand basically the net realizable value. So what happens is your first quarter or 2 out of the box with any acquisition, as you turn over that first layer of inventories, you work through the backlog. Basically, they take all the profit out of it. We call that PPA or purchase price adjustment internally, just for shorthand. And after a couple of quarters, typically 2 or 3 quarters, it works its way through and you resume normal profitability. But in terms of EBIT, I would expect any benefit would be minimal in the next couple of quarters from the acquisitions.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I appreciate that. And then when I look at your backlog, in particular the freight backlog, it looks like orders this quarter for the freight business were up about almost 30% year-on-year and that's following about 4 quarters in a row of down orders. So I'm just curious is there anything in particular within freight that is causing orders to see a pretty significant step up on a year-on-year basis or just help me understand that a little bit better.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think what you're seeing -- any increases in the first 12 months, over -- close to 90% of our freight backlog has been shipped out in the first 12 months. So what you are seeing is an uptick in that marketplace. And it's reflected in the sales.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Is that primarily because of recent acquisitions or pure organic?
Albert J. Neupaver: Both. Smaller amount of acquisition, I think, in this case.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I think it's mostly organic...
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't have the exact number but I would -- that would be my gut.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: But to emphasize what Al said, is the freight backlog, it's about 433 in the next 12 months out of a total of 512. So typically, the freight visibility, and Al alluded to do this as well, is about 12 to 18 months. After that, you don't have too many freight orders.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then when I think about Europe, it sounds as though you're potentially kind of prototyping with some of the larger European manufacturers over there. Are we getting any closer to kind of that marquee order coming in from Europe or you guys are going to get in with one of the large transit authorities?
Albert J. Neupaver: As we do with everything, margin improvement, how we run our business, everything is incremental. And it's just going to be an incremental thing. There's no one big breakthrough that's going to be a watershed event that says that we have arrived. We will have arrived over time on an incremental basis. And that's how we approach that market and the rest of our business.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then the lastly, just housekeeping. In terms of price versus cost, I mean how are you guys thinking about that relationship going forward?
Albert J. Neupaver: Sam, could you please repeat that? I'm sorry.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: In terms of price versus cost, just curious what you guys are seeing on the pricing front and given the fact that steel prices have moved up slightly of late. How were you thinking about that entering 2014?
Albert J. Neupaver: Generally, when we see commodities move, it doesn't create a tremendous opportunity for us although it's an indication that we got to be careful. Because we tend to put the commodities on a surcharge basis. So there's an automatic price increase related to our commodities. I think it's a very important practice and that discipline is so critical when things change rapidly. So in general, pricing is still difficult. To say it's easy, I'd be misleading you. But we do have pricing opportunities and we are seeing some costs up. I think right after this meeting, we're going to be looking at our health care costs and I reviewed those numbers. I don't believe that this new Affordable Care is a negative. I mean, a positive. It's definitely a negative as far as costs. So those things we have to overcome.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: One last point. Because basically to give credit to the crack team here, Pat produces the numbers and Tim has them there ready at hand. Acquisitions only added about $8 million to the freight backlog when compared to last month. So like I said, what you're seeing there is pretty much organic.
Operator: And the next question comes from Liam Burke with Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: We'll start. Alvaro, you mentioned that aftermarket sales were up 21%. You had a nice year-over-year step-up in gross margins. How was the contribution of the product mix, including aftermarket affecting gross margins this quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: See, that -- it's a good question. But unfortunately, it's a tough one to answer because -- overall contribution margins are 30% and obviously, relatively easy to calculate. What happens is, in aftermarket is you have different segments in which, to be honest, have different contribution margins. Typically, when you're selling proprietary parts, you have a much higher contribution margin. When you're selling services and labor, the contribution margin tends to be a little bit lower. But again, all that's lumped into aftermarket. And we don't do a contribution margin calculation by segment. But in general, the aftermarket contribution margins would be healthy. Freight OE contribution margins are very healthy; transit, it depends on which element of transit you're talking about.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Al, you mentioned the contract -- the PTC contract in San Diego on the transit system and mentioned you had a few more that you couldn't announce. How is that part of the PTC ramping up?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it's nicely moving along. It takes a long time when you're dealing with municipalities and we're not the only one that's negotiating. There may be a prime engineering firm that we're working with. So you got 2 or 3 firms that need to agree to everything. It just takes time. But that doesn't prevent us from starting the work and the design and engineering work with them. And it comes in phases. We just don't like to announce anything until we've got a signed contract. And as you know, contract management in a business like ours is just so important. And so I think it's moving along pretty well. There's going to be a lot of work that needs to done in the transit area. I think a number of agencies, Metrolink out in L.A. is moving along well. San Diego project now and there's others, the Denver project, and that's a whole new line -- a railroad line. And that's moving along real well. So I think the others hopefully stay tuned. We'll give you the information as soon as we can.
Operator: And the next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Longbow Research.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: So I just wanted to follow up, another PTC question for you, if you will. But trying to get a sense for -- we're in our third year of PTC work, I was just curious to hear if you have a sense for how much of PTC revenue currently is being generated by aftermarket activity.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. I think, very little aftermarket. There are some -- we would classify a lot of this in aftermarket. Because if you put something on in an old train, and also, installation, training costs and things like that. But the installed base aftermarket generation, we're still in the development phase of the technology, especially in our operate-ability [ph]. Now you go to a system like Metrolink, they're talking about having an operating system in a short period of time or even our MRS project, where we're the prime contractor. I mean, we already need to be talking about the aftermarket and we should see revenues generated from that here in the near future. So it's starting, but it isn't a major factor up to this point.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So -- but it does sound like at some point, that potentially does start to turn on in '14. And could start to contribute to I guess overall EBITDA margins.
Albert J. Neupaver: You're correct.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And the prior guidance that you had provided, longer term in terms of aftermarket as a percentage of total sales, and I know this is just the overall for the company. But is 10%, still a good number to use for PTC, moving forward.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think 10% of an installed basis is just a thumb rule. We think that when you get into software and electronics, it may be a little higher than that. But that's a good thumb rule.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then on the MRS side, with the PTC contract, when are you through the entirety of that particular contract? I think at some point in '14, and then when do we have some potential clarity as to whether or not that -- I think it's an $80 million option, could be potentially executed.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. We'll know more of that as we get into '14 and look at the global economy and how things are going. But I would think that the MRS project will probably be completed late '14, early '15.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then, you outlined a pretty sizable amount of potential activity within the South African rail market. I think it's over 1,000 locomotives that will be built. Just trying to get a sense for I guess potential contract awards, the timing of those. I know there's -- you mentioned before there's a decent amount of bureaucracy, as you move to get -- be involved in those contracts. But I'm just curious to hear as to the timing of potential contract awards on those locomotives and also the, I think, the transit vehicles that you mentioned.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. The good news is that they started. They did award the initial 95 so locomotives. They've announced that ALSTOM is going to be involved in the transit vehicles. Those are positive. We started working on this, Ray, 18 months?
Raymond T. Betler: Yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: Two years ago. So don't expect anything to happen overnight.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. But I mean, you've been in negotiations. It sounds like for almost 2 years at this point. So potentially, we're getting a little bit closer towards the end of that process. And then we could...
Albert J. Neupaver: We're excited about the opportunity. We're definitely going to be very aggressive in trying to participate as far as the amount of revenue that would be generated in, say, the near term to '14. We haven't quantified that, at least to the point where we would discuss that. Hopefully, when we do give the '14 guidance, we'd give you a little more color on that at that time.
Operator: And the next question comes from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: One for you on amortization. It bounces around a little bit, obviously, the second quarter. I'm sure it's related to the M&A work and so forth. But what number is probably good to use going forward? I think we're using 5 but it seems like it should be closer to 4.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Let's see, because in the current quarter, it was pretty stable with last year. And obviously, like you said before, it's impacted by acquisitions. Right now, it's at about 4. I think, going forward, slightly bigger because we did make 2 acquisitions pretty recently. I'd use about 4.5, Greg. It's not a big number. It'll get lost -- the changes almost get lost in the rounding. But I would make it somewhere around there.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And how much of your business now would you say is outside of rail? I think we've been saying it's like 15%.
Albert J. Neupaver: It's still about 15%.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: And there's been no discussion of the ECP and just wondering if you could comment on what's going on there.
Albert J. Neupaver: Ray, you want to take that?
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. ECP is still very much strategic focus for us. We're pursuing both national, domestic and international opportunities. For instance, we have a nice installed base market share in Australia. There's other opportunities that are coming up in Australia, just like the ones we talked about in South Africa for various products. BHP is out with a bid for ECP in other associated electronics equipment. So, Greg, we're looking at all opportunities for ECP and pursuing those and I think we're pretty happy with our progress in that area, but we're trying to grow our market share worldwide also.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: All right. And I know, you don't disclose the segment margins until you file the Q or the K. I guess, Q in this case. Directionally, can you comment whether or not they're up or down year-over-year?
Albert J. Neupaver: Tim is shaking his head, saying...
Timothy R. Wesley: [indiscernible]
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We just -- we'd rather just wait until we issue the Q for the reasons we stated before. Until it's filed, nothing is final, so we'd rather wait until they're final before we give any preliminary indication.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: All right. I thought I'd give you a chance.
Timothy R. Wesley: I know. I think it was a good try. I admire the effort. I appreciate that, Greg.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: And then in Europe now, we talk about the fact that you're there now and you can bid on stuff. And what you can bid on increases continually as you get qualified in different areas. What is that number now? I mean, are you talking $500 million that you can bid on? Obviously, you don't get it all, but what can you bid on now?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. One of the things -- the market is 5x the size of the U.S. But some of that market is aftermarket. So you need the installed base. The other thing that you'll find is the markets are stable. So larger projects right now -- not seeing as many as you saw 2 or 3 years ago. So hopefully, as the global economy continues to improve, it's going to be a lot more projects. We haven't seen large ones. We've seen a lot of small ones, a few of which we've won. So we're making progress.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: And is there funding, obviously by individual country, different -- handled differently than we handle here in the U.S.?
Albert J. Neupaver: No. It's the same. I mean, transit is...
Raymond T. Betler: State, federal funding, it's -- you have a mix between local, federal funding. In some cases, like in Europe, you'll have European Commission funding, but the same bureaucratic process in the transit side.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: All right. And one last one for you, I think, Alvaro, you mentioned that there were some delivery delays in your comments. Could you couch those...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right. Sure. We took a charge for -- and it was larger, it was large amount. So we just wanted to highlight it. Some people were aware of it. But in -- with a couple of our locomotive contracts, there was a delay in the scheduled delivery which caused some damages. So we went ahead and accrued those in the current quarter.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Will those be delivered and show up in revenues in the fourth quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm not sure when they'll be delivered, but we've taken care of the damages accrual. And they will show up in revenue when delivered. One of the key elements of the revenue though is that on these large locomotive contracts you're recognizing revenues with percentage of completion. So as you deliver, you're not going to get this huge bump up in revenue. You recognize the revenue pro rata as you do the work and as you go along.
Timothy R. Wesley: Try to match the cost to the revenue.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right.
Operator: And there are no more questions at the present time. So I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Albert J. Neupaver: No, just thank you, and I hope that you all can make our investor conference here. What date is it, Tim?
Timothy R. Wesley: November 11 and 12.
Albert J. Neupaver: 11th and 12th, We're going to have a great dinner. So you got to show up the 11th.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. We look forward to seeing everybody, then. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - Chairman of The Board and Chief Executive Officer Raymond T. Betler - President and Chief Operating Officer Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley. Please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thanks, Jessica. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Here with me are Chairman and CEO, Al Neupaver; our President and COO, Ray Betler; Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; and Pat Dugan, Senior VP of Finance and Corporate Controller. I will make our prepared remarks, and then, of course, we'll be happy to take your questions. During the call, we will make forward-looking statements, so please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al, go ahead.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks a lot, Tim. Good morning, everyone. We had another good operating performance in the second quarter, with record sales of $638 million and record earnings per diluted share of $0.77. Our backlog has held steady at near record levels at about $1.7 billion backlog. Overall, our business is performing well in what is still a slowly recovering global economy. We've been successful, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. We remain excited about the long-term growth opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets, which continue to be driven by several mega trends. Those trends are increasing global trade and urbanization, continuing need for infrastructure investments and the demand for more environmentally friendly technologies. Today, we increased our 2013 EPS guidance based on our first half results and our current outlook. We now expect full year EPS to be between $2.98 and $3.03, with sales growth of about 8% for the year. This EPS guidance is about 15% higher than our 2012 results. As we said last quarter, transit will drive our top line growth for the year. This is due to our strong transit backlog, both in the U.S. and internationally, as well as acquisitions that we've made in the transit market. We expect freight revenues to continue to pick up into the second half. The second quarter comparison in freight shows the impact of lower freight car build, lower locomotive build, then the prior-year quarter and lower industrial sales. Our guidance assumes the following: There will be continued slow growth in the global economy. There will be stable U.S. and European transit markets, with the emerging countries driving growth. Our transit revenues should grow based on our existing backlog of projects in the U.S. and internationally. We assume that U.S. freight traffic will remain stable, with OEM locomotive and car builds down 10% or more for the year. And lastly, we assume no major changes in foreign exchange rates, and that our tax rate remained steady for the remainder of the year. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling costs, focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond decisively to any changes in market conditions. I'd like to have Ray Betler discuss what we're seeing on our key markets now.
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks, Al. We continue to see stable transit markets in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S., ridership is essentially flat over the last 12-month period. In 2013, North America transit car deliveries will be about 900 and bus deliveries about 4,500, both figures are the same as last year. Transit funding in the U.S. is also stable at about $10 billion a year, about where it's been in the last several years. This stability in the North America market continues despite budget issues and uncertainties about the long-term Transportation Bill. Outside the U.S., we're seeing stability in the developed markets and growth in the emerging markets. In Europe, for example, our transit markets remain stable because public transportation is so ingrained into their cultures. Currently, the largest transit opportunity in the world is actually in South Africa, where the country's passenger rail agency, called PRASA, plans to invest billions of dollars over the next decade to both upgrade and modernize their system. We hope to be involved in that project in a variety of ways. Our growth in transit this year has been fairly broad-based, with a strong backlog of projects in the U.S. and elsewhere. Through the first half of the year, about 60% of our transit growth has been outside of the U.S. Turning to the freight market. In NAFTA, rail traffic is up year-to-date. Total traffic is up about 1.3% compared to a year ago first half. This is driven by a 3.5% increase in intermodal, which more than offsets the 0.4% decrease in general traffic. The decrease in general traffic is due mainly to a 4.1% decrease in coal. Categories that have increased include petroleum products, aggregates and chemicals. We still expect OEM rolling stock deliveries in 2013 to be lower than 2012. About 1,200 new locomotives were delivered last year. We expect around 1,000 to 1,100 this year. It looks like the industry will deliver about 50,000 cars in the freight car market. That's compared to 59,000 that were delivered last year in 2012. In the second quarter, about 12,500 cars were delivered compared to about 18,000 in second quarter 2012. About 12,000 in 2013 first quarter. So second quarter orders were good at about 15,000, which drove the backlog to almost 74,000, which is the highest since 2007. And for the first time in several quarters, tank cars represented less than 50% of new orders. So maybe we will begin to see other car types start to pick up. Globally, freight traffic is also mixed. China's still growing, but not as fast as previously. And so that has ripple effect in some of the mining countries around the world like Australia, Brazil and South Africa where we can see some slight weakness. And now, I'll turn it back over to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Ray. We continue to focus on growth as a corporation, as well as cash generation. Our priorities for allocating our free cash have not changed. We want to fund our internal growth programs first, acquisitions and return money to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. As you know, our board voted in May to increase our quarterly dividend by 60% to $0.04 per share. That's the third straight year we've increased our dividend. And the board also declared a 2-for-1 stock split in the form of 100% stock dividend. We think both actions were a strong statement of confidence in our future growth opportunities and strategic direction. Our growth strategies also haven't changed. Global market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new products and technology and acquisitions. Looking at our growth strategies from a global and market expansion standpoint, our sales outside of the U.S. were $310 million in the second quarter. That's 50% of total sales versus if you look at 5 years ago, we were only at about 33%. Some of our new projects include a $21 million order for freight car bogie in Mauritania, $15 million order for electronic braking equipment in Australia and a follow-on order for 6 additional freight locomotives in Australia. In the aftermarket expansion area, overall aftermarket sales were -- they ended up being 56% of our total sales at $356 million. That is a growth of 14% compared to the prior-year quarter. We look for opportunities to help our customers when they want to outsource non-transportation functions. For example, we expanded our Chicago service center last year so that we could provide locomotive maintenance, and the facility is already at capacity. From the new product standpoint, we're always focusing on being able to improve the efficiency, the productivity and the safety of the railroads. New products represent about 1/3 of our total annual sales. We've won additional orders for locomotives from MBTA up in Boston. That was 13 units, around $70 million. This is a follow-on order from several years ago. These locomotives dramatically improved fuel efficiency, reduced emissions and lower life cycle cost. They include many components and systems manufactured by other Wabtec units: FastBrake electronic air brakes, air compressors, event recorders, tread brake units, brake shoes, aftercoolers and radiators. Positive train control continues to be a growth opportunity for Wabtec. This quarter, we had sales of about $55 million. We expect that pace to pick up in the second half as we continue to work with the railroads and other industry suppliers that deliver an interoperable system. We feel that our 15% to 20% growth target for this year is within reach. Earlier this week, we announced the PTC contract for North County in San Diego, where we will provide equipment and services for their installation of PTC. We expect to have additional opportunities to work with other transit agencies in the U.S. From an acquisition standpoint, we did not complete any during the quarter, but our activity level remains robust. I would like to now turn it to Alvaro that will talk a little bit about the financials performance in the quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, Al. Good morning, everyone. I'm always happy to review our financial results, which we are very pleased with for this quarter. Sales for the second quarter were 5% higher than last year at $638 million, which is a record high for us. The growth was primarily driven by acquisitions, which overall are performing well. Transit Group sales increased due to revenues from our backlog of existing projects, as well as acquisitions. Freight Group sales, the results are a little mixed there. The sales increased 13% compared with the first quarter of the year, but were lower than the last year second quarter mainly for 2 reasons. The first is although rail traffic was slightly higher in the second quarter of this year, deliveries of new freight cars were lower by about 5,000 units. And also, reduced natural gas drilling activity has resulted in lower demand for our industrial heat exchangers that are used for gen sets in that market. Turning to margins, where as you know, we're always striving to drive our operating margins higher. And I think the performance in this quarter was good. Operating expenses increased due mainly to acquisitions, but are still only about 12.6% of sales, just slightly higher than a year-ago quarter but slightly lower than the first quarter of this year. For the quarter, operating income was a record $113 million or 17.6% of sales compared to 16.5% of sales in the year-ago quarter. The margin performance was driven by several factors, including higher sales. We'd like to take advantage of the leverage of the increased volume and benefits from the Wabtec Performance System. Interest and Other were relatively stable. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.3 million, about the same as last year. Other income was about $400,000. This is always a small item. It's composed of several items. Sometimes it can be loss, sometimes it can be gain, and it's primarily paper FX from our foreign units. The effective tax rate was as we had expected. It's about 32% for the quarter versus 33.7% last year but we had said earlier that it was going to be lower. Remember, we also had a lower rate in the first quarter of this year. I think it was about 30% due to benefit from the R&D tax credit extension, which just passed at the beginning of the year. So our full year rate will be a little bit less than 32%. But going forward, we expect our tax rate for the remaining quarters of this year to be about the same or about 32% for the next 2 quarters. Cash from operations. We've generated about $45 million year-to-date, which puts us slightly ahead of last year's pace. But one of our goals for the second half is to improve this performance. We think we can do better. Working capital increased slightly in part due to the higher sales. At June 30, receivables were $488 million, inventories were $406 million and payables were $273 million. Our working capital, excluding cash was about 18.4% of sales for the quarter versus about 15.8% at March 31. The primary reason for this difference was paying us some accrued liabilities and working down some contract repayments as we performed on those long-term contracts. As our business has become more global and as we expand our sourcing programs in other low-cost countries, working capital tends to increase. But even so, we think there are plenty of opportunities to improve our performance, and we hope to generate additional cash improvement in the generation of additional cash going forward. Cash and debt at June 30, we had about $215 million in cash on hand. Most of this is outside the U.S. At June 30, we had a debt balance of almost $400 million, $397 million, compared to $418 million at March 31. The decrease was just due to utilizing our cash flow to make payments in our revolver. As I think most of you know, we have about $150 million of 10-year bonds that will mature and be redeemed on July 31. We have ample capacity under our revolver to redeem those bonds and we're currently exploring various long-term financing alternatives to do something on a more permanent basis there. We'll update you on those plans as they evolve. During the quarter, you probably saw that S&P and Moody's raised their Wabtec ratings to BBB- and Baa3, respectively. These investment-grade ratings give us greater flexibility as we evaluate our long-term capital structure. A few miscellaneous items that we typically go over and give you the details on. Depreciation was $8.7 million compared to $6.7 million in last year's quarter. Amortization was $5.2 million versus $3.3 million last year. This increased due mainly to acquisitions, including some short-term what we call purchase price accounting. The CapEx for the quarter was $8.2 million versus $6.3 million last year. For the first 6 months of the year, CapEx spending was about $15 million. Our budget's $48 million. We typically underspend our CapEx budget. The initial budget tends to be a little bit of a wish list and then we scrutinize the requests as they come in. So we're doing okay on CapEx. In terms of backlog, we always give you specific numbers on them. We're still near the record high we established the last quarter and 5% higher than a year ago. The multi-year backlog, the total backlog, is $1.7 billion, which is slightly lower than the one at March 31 of this year by about $40 million. But again, that's not really too material when you're talking about $1.7 billion. The total transit backlog is $1.18 billion versus $1.19 billion, and the freight backlog is $490 million versus $515 million. So relatively stable. Then the rolling 12-month backlog, this is what we expect to execute during the next 12 months, not the total backlog is $1.1 billion, which is slightly higher than it was at March 31. Transit was $671 million versus $661 million and freight was $409 million versus $403 million. So virtually the same. And of course, these figures don't include options -- we don't include options in our backlog until we can exercise them. But the current option balance is about $200 million. And with that, I'll turn it back to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, thanks, Alvaro. As you can see, our team is performing well, with record sales and earnings, good margin performance and a backlog at near record levels. We're anticipating another record year and raised our EPS guidance to $2.98 to $3.03 on revenue growth of about 8%. We remain pleased with our strategic process and our long-term growth opportunities that we see, as countries around the world continue to invest in freight, rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce costs. With our experienced management team and dedicated workforce, we are poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and to respond to any changes in the market conditions. With that, we'd be more than happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: So I want to understand the revenue guidance a little bit. With the railcar delivery comps getting a lot easier in the back half of the year, do you think freight flattens out or turns positive in the back half? And is that what's getting you towards a bit of a higher growth rate than we saw in the first half of the year, or is it more transit just continues to get better?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. As you can tell from the guidance, in order to hit that 8%, we would have to have increased sales in the second quarter of about 6% over second half compared to the first half by about 6%. And most of that growth, we feel, is going to come in the freight area, as you stated. Some of that will be from PTC, some of it will be also from our Industrial business. But I think like others in the industrial community, there's still this belief that we should see some improvement in the economy in the second half of the year. Although it sure isn't apparent so far in this quarter that we're starting now.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Do you have a view on why the railcar delivery rate is down so much if the backlog is up? What's the issue in the supply chain? What's the bottleneck in the supply chain that's preventing the delivery?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, Scott, if I understand it correctly, what you have is about 80% of the backlog is in tank cars. And if you take a look at what the Railway Supply Institute puts out, basically, tank car deliveries and orders are about the same at around 7,000 in the quarter. And that's about what the capacity is. So if you have a backlog that's up around 70 -- what is it, 74,000 and 80% of that is in tank cars, and what you get is when the tank cars is at capacity, now there's a lot of, I think, activity gone right now for people to increase their capacity in tank car production, but it's basically limited to about that much right now. So if there's any bottleneck, I believe that that's what it would be.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. That's good color. Maybe for Alvaro, when I look at second quarter versus third quarter, typically operating margins are pretty similar. I know you guys don't give guidance, but is there anything we should consider about second quarter that was unusual in any way? Or when we start thinking about our models for third quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm not sure there really is anything unusual in the second quarter. We'll typically have a few one-timers in any quarter, and this quarter is no different. You have some good guys, some bad guys, but I think overall, things are relatively stable. I think we've had a favorable mix. We had good aftermarket programs that result in a favorable mix. SG&A should be relatively stable going forward, maybe up just slightly from where we are right now. If I had to estimate the run rate for SG&A, I'd do it about $65 million, $66 million, something like that going forward. But absent acquisitions, I'm not saying we're not going to do any acquisitions, I'm just saying remodeling purposes absent acquisitions, I think it's relatively stable.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, great. Then just lastly, you mentioned the opportunity in South Africa. Is there any more color you can give on how big of an opportunity you think this could ultimately be? Or when we could start to see this ramp-up?
Albert J. Neupaver: It's so far out and dependent on our participation, I think, that we just wanted to give you a little bit of color on how large -- there are large opportunities in other parts of the world. And as we develop our products and our systems, we're able to participate in those areas. And I think that's the message we're trying to perform rather than to say that we're going to guarantee anyone that we're going to get x percent of any kind of opportunity, okay?
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: That make sense. But would you say, you got pretty decent share of penetration in that market, so whenever that business comes, it should be a good opportunity?
Albert J. Neupaver: Now this is all new business. This is a new opportunity for us. So it creates an interest and hopefully we'll be able to participate in a number of ways. And we're working hard to do that.
Operator: The next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just going back to the margins. Growth margins, obviously, quite substantially high for you guys. Is that going, related to mix, sort of what you were talking about, Alvaro? Is this sort of, I guess is that number going to be stable as we go forward as well?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: If you take a look at the -- just the increment in sales and how much of it we were able to drop to the bottom line, we call it contribution margin. Incremental margin, typically, we're only able to able to drop about 20%. And this particular quarter, it's double that. So I think the team executed a quarter extremely well from all facets. I don't think there's one absolute reason why it was there and that's how we view our continuous improvement program. We're going to focus on cost. We're going to focus on getting that contribution margin any time that we have revenue increases. We want it to come to the bottom line. So yes, mix had some favorable impact. And in any different quarter, as Alvaro says, there's pluses and minuses and sometimes the pluses beat the minuses.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then Al...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Going forward, if I could. I think we expect our expenses to be relatively stable from where we are right now. We're always -- as I think you know, we're always to trying to cut our expenses. And I think we do a pretty good of job with that. But I think going forward, they'll be relatively stable.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Perfect. And then on acquisitions now, obviously a quiet quarter, I think, across-the-board here, can you just give us your thoughts in terms of multiples? I mean what's really driving I guess this comp in terms of the acquisition environment right now?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, believe me, the calm is not a lack of activity here that we're working on. The calm is we're always being very selective. We take it very, I think, a cautious approach to acquisitions, making sure that we want to be able to close acquisitions. We want them to be good acquisitions. So there's a lot of activity going on right now in that area and hopefully, we'll have things that we could report about in the near future. But I think from a standpoint of what's the environment out there, I think that there's a lot of people that are active in this area as well. So I think it's become more competitive than it has been in the past.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Baudendistel with Stifel, Nicolaus .
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Why don't you -- one question I've been getting a lot is on the -- following the Qubec derailment and sort of which companies benefit from that. I was wondering if there's a big crackdown on crashworthiness of equipment and just additional safety features? Is there any possibility that you could play in that market, possibly add additional value to the cars and locomotives that you service?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, first of all, our hearts really go out to the people that have been affected by that tragedy. I mean, they definitely are in our thoughts and prayers. And any tragedy like that is truly a tragedy. I must say that -- all I'll say is that our focus at Wabtec has been and will always be to really work on the efficiency, the productivity and the safety of the railroads. So that is what we focus our technology on. That's what we're going to focus on in the future.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then the revenue guidance of about 8% this year, I think earlier you said 8% to 10% in previous quarters. Just was wondering what sort of the changes that gets you to the lower end of that range, is it strictly macro-driven?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think it is. I mean as we go on, we try to refine what we think the year is going to look like. I think everyone in the industrial community, as I stated earlier, felt that the second half was going to be better than the first half. And to be honest with you, some of that improvement that others had been looking for and you could read all the earnings reports that come out, you're going to see that it really hasn't -- it hasn't happened yet. So all we're doing is refine it. We think that we've got good growth strategies that will result in 8%. And by anyone's means, I think that's an excellent performance in a economy on a global basis that is really slowly, slowly, slowly recovering.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. And in the emerging markets that you serve, some of the rails have talked about some headwinds as far as slowing global commodities and some of the ways that impacted their traffic negatively. If any of the customers are buying equipment for mining and things like that are starting to slow down as far as what their discussions with those customers?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think the emerging country, the main driver for growth has been China. And China, I think, most recently announced that they're going to try to keep their GDP above 7%. And how they're going to do that is investment in transportation. They didn't just say infrastructure. They said transportation, which is a plus. But as they go from -- they used to be at 10% and it dropped to 9%, 8% and their GDP was growing. That growth across all aspects of the infrastructure helped drive economies in Australia, Brazil and South Africa. And I think that as it slowed down, there is an impact in those marketplaces. And we've seen some of that, but nothing drastic because, again, China, I think, is the driving force for all 3 of those market areas for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Liam Burke with Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Al, in your aftermarket discussion, you talked about the Chicago service center, which is run up to capacity pretty quickly. Do you see any opportunity to grow that either through expansion or opening up some more facilities throughout the country?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, that's a good question. We think it's location, location, location. And our Chicago operation is right there where it services a lot of the railroads and some of the leasing companies. And we're actually looking for other areas in the country that we could provide a similar service to our customers. So yes, there's some opportunity there.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: How are the margins in that business? I mean service versus aftermarket product?
Albert J. Neupaver: In a way, service is, as we classify it, is in our aftermarket business. And generally, aftermarket service type activities are a little more profitable than OEM but we also have good profit in our OEM side. So I would say it's very comparable to our average margin area, if not a little better.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And Alvaro, you gave us a capital expenditure estimates of the year that typically you termed as high based on wish list. Do you see any of that wish list investment coming through this year? Or do you see potentially that CapEx number scaling back measurably?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I would say if you annualize the current pace and takes the budget amount, which I think was about $48 million, and you kind of split the difference, I would say that's probably a rough number for the year, if I had to take a guess.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Longbow Research.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: So the PTC rev for second quarter of $55 million, roughly how does that break out per freight in transit?
Albert J. Neupaver: About $45 million of that was freight and about $10 million of that was international. I don't think we had much transit revenue this quarter.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then if I take what you've done in the first half of this year and I look at your guide, for '13, it implies second half closer to maybe $75 million a quarter. I guess what gives you conviction that we're going to start to see PTC ramp into the back half of this year? Is it just your visibility with the freight railroads? Is it expectation for the cadence of transit contracts to accelerate? What gets you to that plus $70 million number in second half?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, there's a number of things that are driving it. Number one is that we're moving along in our large project that we have in South America. And we've progressed into the pilot phase, which is running extremely well. And as that progresses, we could kind of get an idea of what kind of revenue that we could recognize on that project. We also have about, I think, almost $100 million of announced booked backlog in the transit area and some of those projects are moving along as well. And we're starting to talk, and we have been talking to a number of other transit agencies. And hopefully, the other part of it would be the freight railroads and we're continuing to support that initiative. And hopefully, we'll see that, that initiative would result in some continued orders that we would see for onboard equipment. So I think it's all 3 areas.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that's a good color. And maybe just if you can touch on what you're seeing within the, I guess, the European theater. How did the operating environment feel in 2Q versus first quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: It's basically stable. As you know, I don't know how many quarters in a row now that they remain in a recession. And it hasn't had that much of an impact in the transit arena, and their freight market is not that just large. So we're not seeing any negativity coming out of Europe.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: A couple housekeeping ones. Can you provide equity number as of June 30?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I figured that one was coming. The total shareholders' equity is about $1.4 billion. I think the number we're working right now is $1.405 billion.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: All right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And that compares to total long-term debt of about 400.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And relative to the opportunity for PTC in South America, I presume you're working or looking at or speaking to the other -- the larger railroads there. Can you provide any update on how that maybe going?
Albert J. Neupaver: We continue to have discussions. I think that most of them would like to see the system [indiscernible] and making sure that the advantages that this particular railroad had anticipated are delivered. We think that we're at the stage where that's being proven out right now. I think the other thing is will impact them is the growth opportunity as they see going forward. This -- for MRFs, as we've communicated, this was a productivity improvement. They had an antiquated signaling system and by putting in this system, they're able to increase their capacity without capital expenditures and rolling stock and maintenance and weigh areas. So I think as the results get proven out, and the market improves in those particular areas, I think that there'll be an increased interest. Now their signaling system may not need adjusted at this moment, but at some point, they're going to need to upgrade and I think it depends on how successful we are where we're at, at MRFs right now.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: And how much longer do you think the MRF goes before you'll have a solid footing on the success factor?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, I think right now, we're predicting the project to be totally complete before this time next year. So I think early next year, we're going to be operating and hopefully we'll be talking to them about this is not the total railroad system. There is additional projects that we could have with them as well, depending on their demand.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay, great. And is there any update on the content, on Wabtec's content per locomotive and car now? Or is it pretty much...
Albert J. Neupaver: Not really. But I think it's a -- if you take a look, at about 25% of the onboard equivalent locomotives has been equipped. And I think we've openly said that our freight PTC sales have been of the total 350, about 200 of it is freight related.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And you mentioned the situation in Qubec and you've probably seen the additional one here in Spain. And there seems to be about a crash per day worldwide in trains. So, unfortunately, it's nothing that new if you want to put it that way, most are minor, obviously. But any impact that you would feel from the situation in Spain?
Albert J. Neupaver: Again, these are tragic accidents, and I think the railroads at least in the U.S. standpoint has had, in 2012 was the safest year ever in history. And our focus is and will continue to be on efficiency, productivity and safety of the railroads.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is a follow-up from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just a quick follow up. Within the guidance, Alvaro, what have you assumed with respect to the debt on July 1? Because it can have an impact on the numbers.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. Basically, what -- in terms of the debt, it'll mature July 31. The current debt is at 6 7/8. Obviously, rates are much lower than that. What we'd like to do is do something long term. Right now, we're exploring different alternatives and there's a number of options open. You can do a private placement, you can do term notes, you can issue -- you can issue other public debt. And what we've done is, is we've assumed that we're going to enter into some kind of long-term transaction. So in other words, for the rest of the year. Right now, we borrow on the revolver at about 100 points, 100 basis points over LIBOR. So that rate is extremely low. We have assumed a higher one for the rest of the year given that we hope to do something to tie in some of these rates for longer term, which will be at a higher rate than the current, just 100 over LIBOR.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research, LLC: And with investment grade, is that somewhere in that 3%, 4% range?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right now, rates are very volatile and they're all over the place. But, yes, we are assuming a higher long-term rate for the balance of the year. And with regard to the forecast.
Operator: With no further questions, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Al Neupaver for any closing remarks.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you very much, and we look forward to talking to you at the end of next quarter. Thanks a lot.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, everybody. Bye-bye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Scott B. Blumenthal - Emerald Research Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, VP of IR. Please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thank you, Ted. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the Wabtec people who are here with us: Al Neupaver, our President and CEO; our CFO, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon; our Chief Operating Officer, Ray Betler; and our Senior VP of Finance and Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. We'll make our prepared remarks, from Alvaro and Al, and then we'll take your questions as usual. Before starting the call, we will make some forward-looking statements, so please review our press release today for the appropriate disclaimers. Al, go ahead.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. We had another good operating performance in the first quarter. We had record sales of $616 million and record earnings of $1.44. Very important is our backlog increased to about $1.7 billion, a record high and an increase of about 8% compared to the year ago quarter. Overall, our business is performing well in what appears to be a slowly recovering global economy. It is important to note that our performance shows the effectiveness of Wabtec's diversified business model, the importance of our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec performance system. We remain excited about our long-term growth opportunities in our Freight and Transit rail markets, which are being driven by several mega trends: ongoing demand for natural resources, increasing global trade, increasing urbanization, continuing need for infrastructure investment and the demand for more environmentally friendly technology. Today, we affirmed our 2013 guidance. Based on our first quarter results and the current outlook, we continue to expect full year earnings per diluted share to be about $5.85 with sales growth of 8% to 10% for the year. This guidance is about 13% higher than our 2012 results. We now expect transit to drive most of our growth for the year. Our strong transit backlog, both domestic and internationally, as well as acquisitions, are driving that segment's growth. We expect Freight to grow but at a slower pace because we think the economic recovery will remain slow. If we looked at the quarterly comparison in Freight, it shows of the impact of weaker industrial sales for gen sets and power generation products. It shows lower rail car and locomotive builds and a mix shift at our NPI locomotive division from Freight to Transit locomotive builds. Although we expect to see some improvement in our Freight markets during the year, it's premature to assume that the economic recovery will be more robust. Our guidance assumes the following: continued slow growth in the global economy, the U.S. and European transit markets remain stable with the emerging countries driving our growth; our transit revenues should grow based on our existing backlog of projects in the U.S. and internationally; U.S. freight traffic is stable with the OEM locomotive and car builds down 10% or more; and no major changes in foreign exchange rates; and we expect to have a slightly lower tax rate for the year. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost. We're going to be focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond decisively to any changes in market conditions. Let's take a look at the transit market. We continue to see stable markets in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S., ridership was up 1.5% last year and in Canada, increased 2.3%. In 2013, North American transit car deliveries will be about 900. Those are transit cars. And the bus deliveries will be about 4,500. Both of these figures are similar to what it was last year. This stability in the North American market continues despite budget issues and uncertainties about our long-term Transportation Bill. Transit funding in the U.S. is also stable. It's at about $10 billion, and this is federal funding, and that's about where it's been for the past several years. Outside of the U.S., we're seeing stability as well in the developed markets, and we're seeing growth in the emerging markets. Even in Europe, our transit rail markets are stable and seem to be fighting off recessionary pressures because transit public transportation is so ingrained into their culture. We also continue to see incremental improvement in the development of our global transit business. Looking at the freight markets. In NAFTA, freight rail traffic is mixed. In the first quarter, total traffic was up about 1.3% compared to the year ago quarter. This consist of 5% increase in intermodal and a 1.5% decrease in general traffic. The decrease in general traffic is due mainly to a 6.8% decrease in coal. Categories that have increased include petroleum products, aggregates and chemicals. The OEM rolling stock deliveries for 2013 are expected to be lower than in 2012. About 1,200 new locomotives were delivered last year. We expect that number to be around 1,000 to 1,100 for 2013. Forecasters are expecting railcar deliveries to be about 50,000 to 55,000 in 2003. This compares to 59,000 in 2012. If we look at the first quarter, it was about 12,000 cars delivered, this compares to 17,000 that were delivered in the first quarter of 2012, and it was 12,000 delivered in the fourth quarter. The orders in the first quarter were very strong at 23,000, and this drove the backlog now stands at about 72,000. Continuing the recent trend, tank cars dominate the story. They account for about 80% of both orders and current backlog. With builders already sold out for this year, many of those tank cars will be delivered beyond 2013. Over half of the tank cars that are being built is for crude oil by rail applications. Globally, freight traffic is also mixed. China is still growing but not as fast. But that has had a ripple effect on some of the mining countries such as Australia, Brazil and South Africa, where we have seen some slight weaknesses. Our priority is continue to be focused on growth and cash generation. We generate that cash to fund internal growth programs for more acquisitions and also to return money in our shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. We're focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. Our growth strategies also haven't changed, global end market expansion, aftermarket new product and technologies and acquisitions. Let me update you a little bit on these strategies. Global end market expansion. Our sales outside of the U.S. for the quarter was $302 million. That's 4% higher than last year's total, and it accounts for 49% of the total sales. If we look back 5 years ago, that number was only 33%. Some of our new projects include components for transit cars in Taiwan and Brazil, as well as new freight locomotive components in Brazil, thanks to an aftermarket platform that we initiated a few years ago. In the aftermarket area. Aftermarket sales were $336 million. That accounts for about 55% of the total, and that growth is 5% on a year-to-year basis. We saw some of the growth from providing PTC related services and from transit agencies in New York and New Jersey region as they continue to recover from the effects of Hurricane Sandy. New products. We continue to focus on this effort with about 1/3 of our total annual sales coming from new products. We define a new product as a product that has been introduced in the last 5 years. An example of a new product that's growing nicely is our electronic controlled pneumatic braking systems. We recently received additional orders in South Africa to retrofit more rolling stock with that equipment. As for positive train control, that represented about $215 million of our sales in 2012. We expect it to grow by 10%, 15% this year as we continue to work with the railroads and other industry suppliers to deliver an interoperable system by the 2015 deadline. As you know, there has been discussions about extending that deadline. We certainly can't predict whether that will happen, but we have analyzed how a delay would affect us, and we do not think it will have a meaningful impact on our business. In the acquisition area, we had previously announced the acquisition of Napier Turbochargers out of the U.K. in January. Acquisitions actually accounted for our growth in the first quarter this year as compared to last year's first quarter. I'll turn it over to Alvaro for some additional comments.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right, and then we can go to Q&A as usual. Thanks, Al, and good morning, everyone. We're always happy to discuss financial results like these with sales and earnings at record high. I'll start with sales. Sales for the first quarter were at $616 million, 6% higher than last year. As Al said, most of the net increase was from acquisitions, as well as increased transit sales. The transit group sales increased due to revenues from our backlog of existing projects, mainly locomotives and also from acquisitions as well as we mentioned earlier. The Freight Group sales were down mainly due to 3 factors. Although NAFTA rail traffic was slightly higher in the '13 first quarter as Al mentioned earlier, deliveries on new freight cars were appreciably lower by about 5,000 units. In the first quarter of '12, we were delivering new freight locomotives to a customer in Australia under a contract that ended in the first half of that year. While that locomotive manufacturing facility is still being fully utilized, that mix has shifted from freight to transit locomotives this year. And then the third reason sales are off a little bit is reduced drilling activity, both oil and gas, has resulted in lower demand for our industrial heat exchangers that are used for gen sets in that market. However, we started to see some pickup in orders in that market there, and we're optimistic for the rest of the year. Margins as you know, that's key for us, and we're always striving to drive our operating margins higher, which we did this quarter. SG&A increased due mainly to acquisitions. Hopefully, we can reduce a little bit of that as we go forward, but it was still only 10.4% of sales compared to 10.6% of sales in the year ago quarter. For the quarter, for this quarter, operating income was $104 million or 16.8% of sales compared to 16.1% of sales last year. Margin performance was driven by several factors, including higher sales, but also obviously benefits from the Wabtec performance system. And right on cue, if you hear some background noise, one of our customers is riding a big train, it's full, right by our windows over here. It might get a little -- yes, they tooted our horn for us, so it may be a little noisy, I apologize for that. The effective tax rate was lower in the first quarter. It was about 30% versus 34.4% last year. I believe we mentioned in the last call that we were expecting taxes to be lower in Q1. We now expect the tax rate for the remainder of the year to be at around 32%. So for each of the next 3 quarters, we expect that to be around 32%, which is slightly lower than what we said during the last call. This is obviously good news and due largely to an international sales and international tax plan. The tax rate for the first quarter of '13 was actually lower than that 32% at 30%. And this is primarily due to the extension of the R&D tax credit by Congress on January 1 of this year. The accounting rules provided that we can only recognize that benefit this year even though a big chunk of it related to activities in the prior year. We recognized approximately $1.47 million, $1.5 million of benefits from this from the first quarter which translates roughly to about $0.03 per share. So you won't see that continuing. But again, for the tax rate will fluctuate somewhat we'll be about 32% going forward. Cash from operations. We had a good quarter. We generated about $32 million in cash from operations. The first quarter is always a little bit tough for us because of funding on year-end items such as federal state taxes, incentive comp payments, benefit payments and interest on our bonds. So we expect that this result will improve during the year, but again, a good start to the year. Working capital increased in part due to higher sales. Just to give you a couple of balances. At March 31, receivables were $433 million. Inventories were at about $429 million, and payables were at $267 million. Our GAAP working capital's, again, a little bit higher than what we would like. It was about 15.7% of sales for the quarter versus about 13.6% at year end. So it's deteriorated somewhat and then obviously gives us something to shoot for and get that back on track. One of the issues that we wrestle with and I think you're familiar with this is that our business has become more global and as we expand our sourcing requirements into low-cost countries that affects our working capital. We tend to have to order more and we tend to have to pay for it when it leaves the port rather than when it arrives so we have a lot of inventory and transit. But even so, we think we can do better, and we expect to continue improvement in that area as we go forward. Cash and debt, again, just to give you a few numbers. At March 31, we had $225 million in cash, mostly outside the U.S. This compares to $216 million at December 31. At March 31, we had total debt of $418 million. This is up $100 million from $318 million at December 31. This was due primarily to the acquisition of Napier in the U.K. in January. A few other miscellaneous items. Depreciation was $7.6 million compared to $7.1 million in last year's quarter. Again that's a nominal increase but mostly due to acquisitions. Amortization was $3.6 million versus $3.1 million last year. And again, the difference is due to acquisitions. And CapEx for the quarter was $6.4 million versus $10.2 million last year. Our budget for 2013 is about $48 million in CapEx. We tend to underspend that a little bit, and I think the results for the first quarter reflect that. In terms of backlog, I think Al mentioned that we were at a record high. The total for as of the end of the quarter was $1.7 billion versus $1.66 billion at December 31. So a slight increase. But both Transit and Freight increased, so it's nice to see an increase of -- in both segments. Transit increased from 1.17 to 1.19. And freight increased from $492 million to $515 million. I think we've said this before, but just as a reminder, backlog has to be more significant in Transit than Freight. The rolling 12 month backlog, which is the backlog that we expect to execute in the next 12 months, was relatively steady, $1.1 billion in both periods. In transit, it went down slightly from about 700 to 661. And in freight, it was a relatively steady from about 414 to 403 at the end of Q1. And those figures we mentioned just to give you an idea what we have out there in options, but we don't book options until they -- we execute the agreement and they become firm but we have about $250 million of options related to this backlog. And then with that, I'll turn it back over to Al for final comments.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks, Alvaro. Considering all the factors, we're off to a good start for the year. Record sales and earnings, excellent margin performance and a backlog at record levels. We are anticipating another record year in 2013 with EPS guidance of about $5.85 and revenue growth of 8% to 10%. We couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see as countries around the world continue to invest in freight rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team and a very dedicated workforce. So we're poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in the market conditions. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just going to the margins. I understand you'll give us the segment margins, let me get the Q. But you certainly saw nice expansion there year-over-year. Was that expansion more weighted towards freight, transit or was it sort of balance at this point?
Albert J. Neupaver: We actually we improved our margins in transit during the quarter. You get the benefit of some of the volume related to that, but as you know, and when we talked about it at the last conference call was our focus on that improvement, and I think that focus resulted in some good results, which you'll see. We also have performed well in the freight area as well.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just on transit with on positive train control we certainly heard a lot from the Freight side but transit -- I don't know if it's just that we don't hear as much about it but do you have any color on what's going on with PTC there? It seems to be a bit quiet on the Freight side.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we have only been able to announce a few of the projects we're working on. There's 21 different transit authorities throughout the country that will need to have some form of PTC in order to operate and share the rail space with the freight people. We've announced work with Metrolink in Denver so far. We are working with most of those transit authorities. A lot of them are struggling to find funding for their programs but they are moving forward with them. I'm hoping that we can announce in the near future some of these contracts that we've signed. The thing I have to tell you though that there's big projects. It depends on the scope of our work. Some of the projects that fit in the turnkey basis could be large, and we could have small content as well. It's just providing the onboard PTC equipment. So we're excited about the opportunity. Right now, I think transit has the $350 million of PTC work makes up about $50 million of that $350 million so far.
Operator: Our next question comes from Art Hatfield with Raymond James.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Al, if I can ask you a question about your comments about growth for the year. You had mentioned that you expect most of the growth to come from the Transit side but yet, you do expect Freight to grow. Looking at first quarter year-over-year, you were down at about 23% understandably so given where the Freight markets are, and you got a tough comp in Q2. I am assuming you are expecting much greater growth in the back half of the year. If so, can you kind of get into some specifics about areas where you think you are going to see that growth and what's going to happen to be able to get you to get to flat to slightly up in that business?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think that we feel that the growth will come in a number of areas for Freight. One is as the economy recovers, we expect our industrial product, that's part of the Freight Group to improve as the year goes on. We've seen some of that. And I think if you take a look at some of the industrial -- diversified industrial companies, I think most people were talking about that type of recovery as it goes forward. I think the second area is that we expect to see more strength in our international markets as the year goes on as well and some of the opportunities we're working on. The third thing we saw and I'm sure this will be a question, our sales in PTC for the first quarter was about $50 million. What we saw was there was a lot of large purchases towards the last part of last year, so there was a little bit of a holdback, I think, in the first quarter. As we said before we expect that 215 or 220 whatever it was last year to grow by 10% to 15%. So we think we'll see that improvement. And I think if we see the economy improve in general, I think the Freight markets from a car loading standpoint and other impact it would have on this would be positive as well.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: That's interesting that say that. We've been hearing -- at least I've been hearing from other companies. There seems to be a lot of pent-up demand, a lot of customer inquiries. And clearly, that's hope for optimism but have you started to see at least in late Q1 or early Q2, people starting to ink deals where you're kind of getting stuff in the backlog that you're confident, that builds your confidence for the back half of the year?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, we stated on the backlog being up at $1.7 billion. And if you break -- Alvaro broke it down, but if you look at it on some percentage basis, about 38% of that backlog for the next 12 months is in Freight and 62% of it is in Transit. So that's probably about normal. The place where we have seen an uptick is really in the industrial part of our business. And we're hoping that's the same. We don't know. So -- and we see slight indications of it, but nowhere near enough to give us confidence to get overly aggressive with our projections.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And your industrial business, is that always -- if that's in backlog, is that in the Freight side?
Albert J. Neupaver: That's in the Freight side, yes.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just one other question on margins, the last couple of years, you guys and of the nominal job on margins, and I know your strategy of continuous improvement. You'll say you always want to improve margins, but you'll probably agree that the level that you've been able to improve margin in the last couple of years, that kind of growth year in, year out is not sustainable. But when we think about kind of a more slow growth environment, kind of a more stable organic growth without a lot of acquisitions, can you talk about the areas within your operating margins that you feel like you can get growth improvement year in and year out just from the things you can do internally?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. And I'm glad that you've just articulated our strategy related to margin. So we must be communicating well. That's good. But if you take a look at the first quarter, I think it's a good indication, and we talk a lot about how we approach it, and it is continuous improvement. But when -- it's the times when you see some of the revenue backing off that we really heightened our activities in those areas and focus on that. When you don't have volume that tends to cover some of your problems and wounds, you really have to focus on the fundamentals of improving margins. And I think the Wabtec Performance System and I think Ray Betler, our Chief Operating Officer and his team really do a good job on focusing on those things. It's savings from sourcing, savings from our lean applications and manufacturing, increased pricing, moving products from high-cost platforms to low-cost platforms. And we have a very rigid budgeting process that ask each of our divisions to come in with improvements year-on-year. And I think that yes, it's going to get incrementally more difficult to improve our margins but I think the one thing that we're going to focus on is how we continue to do that no matter what the market conditions are.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Could you -- would you be comfortable if you could articulate publicly kind of what those goals are in sourcing and lay them out? Do you have like a goal of 20 basis points a year to sourcing and -- or 30 to...
Albert J. Neupaver: I can explain to you that when every division comes in with their plan, it's a number that is much large than we expect to end up at the bottom line. As a matter of fact, they need to have actions that would improve by about 2%. But we know we're not going to get 2% falling through the bottom line. We've got inflation. We've got wage increases. We've got issues that are going to exist. If you look at any point in time, yes, you can predict a number. But over time, it's going to get incrementally harder. So I'd hate to say that we're going to increase by 0.5 or 50 basis points each year because next year, it's going to be more difficult to do that. So we really focus on trying to identify action items that will result in margin improvement and making sure that some of that flows to the bottom line. If you look at our contribution margin in the quarter, it's very high in the incremental sales. And the reason it's high is because those results were driven to the bottom line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Albrecht with BB&T.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I just want to go with Art's question a little bit. So as I look at 2013, right now, you've got about a 50-50 mix of Transit and Freight. Just on a revenue side, would you expect that mix to stay about that or is transit going to end up larger because it sure seems like freight's going to be down in the second quarter before it begin to stabilize.
Albert J. Neupaver: The one thing, and you bring up a good point, Tom, that I didn't mention. When you look at that margin improvement in light of the fact that we had a large shift of business going to transit, which is traditionally a lower margin business, I think it really is a good reflection on how hard our team worked to improve margins during the quarter. Right now, we still feel that the Freight business will be larger than the Transit business for the year. Although the numbers right now are 50-50, we would expect our year result to be Freight being a larger portion of our business. And I don't know if I really want to go on beyond that and give you numbers. But I can tell you that our plan shows that being larger than Transit for the year.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. Well, that's at least helpful. So then a follow-on would be there is a big margin profile difference between Freight and Transit. Freight's been over 20% in recent quarters and upper teens before that versus, I'll call it, 9% to 12% margin for transit. Would you be able to drive the consolidated EBIT margin if, let's say, it's a 55 freight, 45 transit margin given a huge discrepancy in transit margins being lower?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think just how we performed in the first quarter is a good indication of the future. And if Freight is higher, then the comparison gets easier.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then the last question, I know you cited some of the factors behind freight's drop but -- and maybe this is just something you didn't want to mention but did weather have some sort of an impact on Freight's revenues beyond locomotive and rail car deliveries in the industrial power, et cetera?
Albert J. Neupaver: I really don't think so. I think that the reduction in coal maybe -- I don't think so. I don't think weather was a major factor, Tom. But one thing that does happen during the winter, you get a lot more maintenance related to breakdowns if it's a very severe winter. I'm not sure it was that severe compared to others, but it is -- that's amplified when you consider the weight of the coal cars in the winter. So there may be effect there, but I don't think we were able to measure anything from the market data that we looked at.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So just a couple of things. So the lower PTC guidance I think you were saying last quarter 15% to 20% and now 10% to 15% growth. Is that all just from the first quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I'm sorry, Scott. We still think it's 15% to 20%. I just forgot the number that I gave you.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, okay. That's helpful.
Albert J. Neupaver: We haven't backed up from that. I apologize. I sometimes forget things. I'm getting old.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: I hear you. We don't hear a lot about the industrial business, and that seems to be where you're being more confident in things getting better. Can you just give us maybe a little bit of update on kind of the strategy on the industrial side and how we should think about the mix of that domestically versus internationally and maybe a sense on the margin profile there?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. The industrial side of our business is about 15% of the total. The markets that we focus in primarily -- we have a number of markets. Remember, our strategy is to take existing technology, existing products and try to take those into new markets to help diversify our portfolio. We definitely don't want to be a major force and get out of the rail business. We love the rail business. It's a compelling business. It's a long-term growth story. The mega trends, all the things we talk about. But if we could take our technology and we could take our products and sell in other markets without distracting our management. We don't want to go into something we don't understand. So the things we do understand is thermal management. We understand friction and a few other areas, and those are the areas we concentrate on. Of that marketplace for thermal management the 2 areas that we've been able to grow in is one is gen sets. Gen set market is driven a lot by the drilling and the frac-ing work that's going on, and that has slowed down considerably. I think if you look at the Caterpillar results and their discussion, you would sense that. That market is a global market. Half of our market is outside of the U.S. in thermal management. We also focus on power generation, primarily, aftermarket in the U.S. and on OEM new construction and some of the emerging markets. And the winter time is a slow period for power generation aftermarket work. That should pick up. And hopefully, the demand for electricity will continue to grow, which we know it will over time, but there's lapses sometimes in that growth. So that's probably a pretty good summary of that business area and what we see and what we're looking for.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: That's great. Maybe just -- if you have any color on the margin profile there relative to overall freight or the overall business?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. It's about the overall freight number when you put everything together. A couple of the business are better, and a couple are worse.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. Just on ECP brakes, you talked about contraction in South Africa. Do you view that as an isolated opportunity here with one customer, or do you think that, just given commodity demand, that ECP could become a pretty material driver for you guys going forward? Maybe if you have any sense or any color on kind of how much ECP revenue we're talking about right now, would be helpful.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. On an international basis, it is a driver. We have continued to have acceptance of that product in Australia. South Africa was actually the first application of that product even before Australia. And what they're doing, they're getting the results. They're getting efficiencies. They're getting productivity improvements from it. And what they've done is they decided to add to their fleet more ECP-equipped cars. And that's what's happened in Australia. We were just visiting South America, and we're starting to see pilots being run there. They see the same advantages. The large opportunity, obviously, would be an acceptance in the U.S. market, which I think are years off because their priorities of capital are in other areas right now, including the PTC and their infrastructure build. In the U.S., there's a different model. When you talk about the easy application in Australia or South Africa, Brazil, you're talking about unit trains, trains that go from the port to the mine and back and forth. And they don't have the problem of having a train that is partially equipped. A partially equipped ECP train is useless. You won't get the advantage. The other problem is who pays for it and who gets the advantage. In those mining countries, the mining companies own the railcars and the trains, and thus, they pay for it, and they get the advantage. So I think the complexity of that marketplace in the U.S. prevent it from becoming more accepted in the U.S. But I think over time, you have a product that would advance the technology, would advance the efficiency, productivity and safety of the railroads. And I think it will get adopted. It will just take a long time.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just last thing, one for Alvaro, kind of on the leverage side, debt to EBITDA now clearly below 1x. Where do you feel comfortable taking that, and would you get back to 2, 2.5x? And are you itching to start doing something on the leverage side, either a big acquisition or a big buyback?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: No. I'll take the last one first there, Scott. I'm not really -- obviously, we're in a very, very favorable interest rate environment, one that, after a certain point in time, you probably won't see. And I think our primary focus right now is how we refinance the bonds going forward. For the benefit of the people on the call, to just put everybody on the same page with you, we had about $150 million worth of debt that we have in public bonds that will mature in around July, and we're taking a look at different alternatives, and we haven't really made a final decision yet on what we're going to do. But our primary focus is on that refinancing and how we can take advantage of -- take maximum advantage of the current low interest rate, but we're not really itching to do anything. We -- in terms of acquisitions, in terms of how we spend, we're still very, very selective. We still have very tight standards for spending. And just because we have the flexibility, just because we have the gunpowder, doesn't mean that we feel pressure to use it. In terms of leverage, our cash flow, obviously, we focus various heavily on cash flow, and we still have that LPO mentality back from the 1990s. And so we feel comfortable with more debt. And if we had to get it up to a level 2, even 2.5, which is starting to stretch where we feel comfortable with, we feel comfortable with that. So in summary, we have the gunpowder, and we have the ability to leverage up and to do more, but we're going to be very selective about it. We're just not going to, like you say, to satisfy an itch and go on do something just to do something.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Baudendistel with Stifel.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about the railcar data in the first quarter. I noticed there was a big pickup in tank car deliveries from the fourth quarter to the first quarter maybe because of production capacity increasing. I was wondering if that increase of the, say, from 6,000 to 6,500 or even 7,000 later in the year, is that something that's included in your guidance, or would that be sort of incremental to that.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it's included in the guidance. The -- one of the issues that you have, even with the order intake of 23,000, I think it was for the first quarter 23,900, they could only produce at full capacity 6,000 or 7,000, as you just stated, tank car capacity. So these orders really get -- they're being placed for far out. I know that everyone's trying to add capacity to meet the demand on the tank cars. So is there a possibility that, that capacity increase? And I know that most of the tank car builders are trying to do that right now. That could be an upside, but that is not figured into our guidance.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: The nice thing is that, that backlog does provide really a large amount of stability going forward. Typically, your visibility with freight is not that great, but now with this backlog, when there are capacity, that gives you some more visibility going forward, and it lends a higher degree of stability to that market, I think, than you'd normally expect. So overall, it's positive.
Michael J. Baudendistel - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And then I know there's been a lot of questions on margins, but I also wanted to ask on the mix impact sort of within the segments that maybe we wouldn't see sort of if there's been any change in mix within freight or within transit that's having an impact there to the positive. And is it safe to say that the areas of your business that are growing faster or at least just high-margin if not higher than sort of the older areas?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I don't think there's anything that's out of the ordinary of what we're seeing in the mix within each segment. Well, obviously, the segment change has an impact that we've more than been able to overcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristine Kubacki with Avondale.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: My question is on the PTC in Brazil. I was just wondering if you could give us an update on that project and kind of what the opportunity remains for 2013 and then even as we look into 2014.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. We were just there. So that was one of the reasons for our visit to Brazil, and the project is going well. Late this month, early May, we will commence a pilot. We have individual trains right now running. This will be a series of trains that will be in the pilot. If that pilot is successful, and we would expect that this project will continue and be complete early 2014. As far as there is additional work that could be done with this particular railroad, there's a couple more lines that, I think, could be equipped. I think a lot of that depends on whether they'd equip it, the timing of doing that work. I'm confident that they get the benefits that we think they're going to get, and I think they're seeing some of it already. I think that what you would see, they'd eventually do it. But that's going to depend on the demand that will need to continue to be driven by iron ore and coal demand from some of the emerging countries like China. The value of that, if they did all the work that they need to do, it would be equivalent to another maybe $80 million of additional work. We're also hoping that other people will see the benefits once we have this up and running in 2014, and we'd be able to talk to other railroads about the system.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just my follow-up question was you mentioned about iron ore, and we've seen input costs across the board go down. I was just wondering is that any tailwind during the quarter, And would you expect it to be -- is there anything you can hold on to, or are you being asked in more of a, what I call, squishy economic environment right now? Is the pricing power the ability to hold on to pricing, or do you have to pass through any input cost reductions?
Albert J. Neupaver: We typically don't see the pressure from the market in those cases.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And you've alluded to, Kristine, we do -- which helps us when material costs are going up, we typically do have surcharges when they're going down. We don't get that much of -- we don't get too much of a benefit, obviously, because the surcharges go both ways. So I don't expect -- it would be nice, but I don't expect to get a whole lot of headwind from the raw material costs going down.
Operator: Our next question is from Liam Burke with Janney.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Al, in terms of the acquisition pipeline, is it getting stronger? And also, how does pricing look on that front?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. We're pretty active right now. The pipeline is starting to move a lot better. It started out a little slow at the beginning of the year because there's a lot of transactions forced by the uncertainty related to tax laws, but we've seen a lot of activity right now. Pricing has strengthened because there's a lot more people with cash looking for ways to grow. So it's become more competitive.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Great. And, Alvaro, you mentioned your cash flow remains strong. You anticipate it getting stronger to the balance of the year. But most of your cash now resides overseas, understanding there is a tax implication to repatriate it. Does that constrain any of your financial planning in terms of buybacks or returning cash to shareholders or acquisitions?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Not really, and it doesn't in two respects, Liam. Because long term, we were holding that cash there basically to utilize it. We think that in the countries where we are currently accumulating cash, there are opportunities present there. And so hopefully, over time, obviously, you can't predict acquisitions. You have to be opportunistic; you take them as they come. But hopefully over time, we'll be able to use that, utilize that cash locally to make acquisitions, to make CapExes, et cetera, et cetera. So it's not just being trapped there. We actually expect to be able to use it. In terms of does that limit our financial flexibility, not really. I mean, I haven't done the calculation the last couple of days, but typically, without the cash worth by 1x EBITDA, debt to cash flow may be a little bit above maybe 1:1 in the quarter, and that still provides us an amount -- a significant amount of flexibility. So we don't feel constrained by having that cash abroad at all. And again, hopefully, over time, we'll be able to use it very well.
Operator: Next question is from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Just a question on PTC, if you've seen any other competitor enter the space?
Albert J. Neupaver: There's a lot of activity by others to try to be involved in the PTC potential. There's a lot of areas related to it. I think that a number of companies try to work on an onboard solution. There's other companies that are working on the back-office products. They're typically good companies, so we stay abreast of any progress but not a lot of change from when we last talked. So -- but there are other people involved, and there's plenty out there, plenty of opportunity, and there is plenty of work to be done to get this interoperable by the year 2015 or beyond if it is extended.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And are you seeing any additional activity lately in the Tier 4 locomotive?
Albert J. Neupaver: One thing that I understand is that you would've expected with the Tier 4 requirement that there would been a large push to buy locomotives. But I think that with the two factors that are impacting the railroads, one is coal and the other is grain, that they don't need as many locomotives. So I think they're waiting and seeing what happens with the economy now. Whether there'll be a big push before that expiration or not, we don't know. We're personally involved in upgrading some locomotives for Toronto Transit, GO Transit, I think they changed their name to Metrolink. And we're actually doing some Tier 4. I think we'll deliver the first Tier 4 locomotive in the country to Toronto here this year. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag, and I think it's probably something that wasn't predicted.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: All right. And just finally, just a few items here. If you have a shareholders' equity balance for the quarter, as well as any share repurchases for the quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Share repurchase. I'll take just the second one because that's relatively easy. The way our quiet periods work, we are virtually in a quiet period for most of the quarter because we didn't release fourth quarter until late February, and then we start a quiet period shortly thereafter. So we were in a quiet period for most of the quarter, so we did not buy back any shares. In terms of shareholders' equity, and again, this is subject to final adjustments and reclasses, et cetera, et cetera. But our total shareholders' equity is about $1.326 million at -- I'm sorry, $1.331 million. I forgot minority interest. I heard a couple of moans when I said that. I figured I was reading the wrong line. It's $1.331 million as of March 31.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Just finally, did turns have any impact on sales in the quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Very little.
Albert J. Neupaver: 3.7 quarter-to-quarter negative.
Operator: Next question is from Scott Blumenthal with Emerald Advisers.
Scott B. Blumenthal - Emerald Research: So this morning, the CEO of Norfolk Southern was on TV talking about his CapEx plans and how he plans to spend about $2 billion this year plus an additional $200 million on PTC. Now when Kristine was asking questions a few minutes ago about PTC, you talked about piloting Brazil. I know that we've been piloting PTC since it was ETMS, I believe, in 2007. So can you comment at all about what's going on with Norfolk Southern this year, and if this is the first time that you're actually going to start to collect some revenues from this ongoing pilot that you've had with them?
Albert J. Neupaver: Norfolk Southern, like the other Class 1 railroads right now, are working very closely with us on getting an interoperable system. As you stated, Scott, I mean, we do have an operating system, ETMS, that has been running and will continue to run on BNSF. And BNSF is moving in, I think, in a good direction. So they expect to ask for product safety plan being approved by the FRA probably before the other groups, but they would also need to be integrated into the interoperable system. All the Class 1s that we're working with right now, where they're at is they're doing a lot of what you would call testing of the system, lab testing to make sure that software is working real well. We're finalizing some of the software changes. Hopefully, all those will be in place by summer. If it is and the specification is known, I think you'll see that the railroads will then go into a pilot test, actually start running trains, utilizing the system and then continuing their efforts. When you look at their spend, their spend there is in a lot of different areas. And thus far, if you look at the total spend, I think the railroads -- if you add it all together, and I think this is public, they spent probably $2.5 billion so far on PTC, $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion. And they expect to spend upwards of $8 billion. So there's a -- that would show about 30% progress on what they plan to spend. But if you look at the amount of work that's been done so far in the locomotive, the onboard, next to the only part that we actually report on, it probably have about 6,000 or 7,000. Another 18,000 to 20,000 locomotives have some portion of being equipped with the onboard computer. Some of them are just provisional kits. The equivalent in number would be 4,000 to 4,500 locomotives, which is about 25% of the weight done. If you look at the number of wayside switches that need to be adapted, again, they're -- they probably have touched maybe 8,000 or 9,000 out of 40,000, so they're 20% to 25% along. And so I think that the $200 million is, if you look at the various roads, I think most of them have identified spending somewhere in that area as well. Hopefully, that answers your question, Scott.
Scott B. Blumenthal - Emerald Research: Oh I guess, yes, that answered much of it. I might have to pick some of that up offline. Alvaro, could you maybe -- to switch gears here, could you maybe give us an idea as to how much the 5 acquisitions from the last year added to results? I know that you mentioned that much of the growth was acquisition, if not all of it, maybe how that might have fallen into the 2 segments?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. Quarter-to-quarter last year to this year Q1-to-Q1, acquisitions added about $40 million of total revenues.
Scott B. Blumenthal - Emerald Research: Okay. And most of that was skewed towards transit, I imagine, right?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, most of that was...
Albert J. Neupaver: 95%, and I think close to $1 million was freight.
Scott B. Blumenthal - Emerald Research: Okay. And since we -- you threw out the $40 million number, Al mentioned that the PTC sales during the quarter were about $50 million. Am I correct in guessing that they were about $40 million in the same quarter last year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I don't have -- maybe Al has the first quarter last year.
Albert J. Neupaver: They're flat.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: They're flat quarter-to-quarter.
Scott B. Blumenthal - Emerald Research: Okay, okay. And just one more clarification if I may. Alvaro, you mentioned that the tax rate will be about 32% going forward. Is that going -- is that from here on out, or did you mention that it would be 32%, you expect it to be 32% for the year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, it will be slightly -- I expect it to be 32% for the, say, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter, which will give you a slightly lower rate -- overall rate for the year. Again, that's a rough estimate. These things can fluctuate. But right now, that's our best guess.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Brooklier with Longbow Research.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Back to PTC. Just trying to get a sense for, I guess, the timing of booking revenue in '13. If I look back at '12, PTC revenue was kind of back end-weighted. Should we assume kind of a similar pattern of overall PTC revenue in '13, or could it be a little bit different?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Based on what we're seeing, it's going to improve, grow year-on-year. I think it's going to have to be back-end loaded since the first quarter is only 50. So I think that's what we should see.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And the $50 million, which is a little bit below kind of the average midpoint of your, I guess, quarterly guide if we distribute PTC revenue evenly in '13 across the quarters, I think earlier commentary was that, that modest step-down was driven by more activity at the end of the year. Did I hear that correctly?
Albert J. Neupaver: That's correct.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Does it matter what types of railcars are being delivered going forward, i.e., a much larger percentage of railcars, tanks this year was there a similar situation last year. Do you get incremental dollars and revenue per the components and parts that you're providing to the OEMs, or is that not the case?
Albert J. Neupaver: Not the case. We're basically agnostic to the type of car.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then when I look at -- I think you did touch on these 3 components of the revenue decline, at freight being down 23% year-over-year into first quarter, it was a tougher railcar delivery, comp, and then there was also some locomotive and industrial product headwind. How should we think about the, I guess, the contributors to that decline? I mean, if I look at your fourth quarter, the industry fourth quarter railcar delivery comparison, it was down and kind of similar to what it was in first quarter. So should we assume that the declines in locomotives and the industrial products were a bigger contributor to that overall decline in revenue, or was there some timing issue in terms of railcar orders and deliveries in the quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Most of our comments were related to 2012 first quarter to first quarter 2013 because that's the comparison that we need to make. If you look at fourth quarter to first quarter, freight was down about 12%, I think, is the number. And more of that was really due to decreased demand on locomotive content, not necessarily railcar content, because we still delivered 12,000, as you said, in the fourth quarter as the first quarter. We also saw some slowdown in the higher generation and gen set areas from fourth to first. And we also saw some slight decrease on freight demand on an international basis, which we think is only temporary.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And maybe just a final question. Provide a little bit of color on the European rail market. Has there been any change in terms of kind of the demand dynamics there, or are we -- is it kind of a similar operating environment versus fourth quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: As you know, I mean, they're under some really strong recessionary pressures. But the transit market has maintained good stability throughout this. And the freight markets are down, but we've made some good progress in introducing some of our new products into that market. So for us, it's actually been a little bit of a gain.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. The receivables increase on the balance sheet, was that due to timing, or are there any customers that are delaying payment? Just kind of any color there.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. It's mostly -- some of it is due to acquisitions, obviously, when you're just looking at raw receivables balances. Some of it is due to the acquisition of Napier in the interim, and the rest is pretty much timing, Steve. We're fortunate in the sense that large, large, large proportion of our customers are pretty creditworthy. Like everybody else, we may have a receivable issue now and then, but for the most part, they are pretty solid.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And a similar question on the inventory increase, were you building ahead on transit, did it slow a little faster than you thought in the freight, or is this -- is it maybe just a function of the broader global footprint?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: There is a little bit of building up on transit because, again, the lead times in transit tend to be longer than the lead times on freight. And typically in transit, you get this at end of the month. We're trying to get inventory out of there, and they try to send inspectors in because they will inspect it actually before it leaves, and sometimes there's a little bit of -- they missed the end of the month because they can't get the investors in -- I'm sorry, the inspectors in before the end of the month. So it's a little bit of transit, a little bit of acquisitions, a little bit of sourcing from low-cost sources abroad, which, again, you take title to that, as soon as it leaves their port. So while it's in transport, it's in our inventory balance, and then you have to order larger quantities. And in general, it's a little bit of increased activity. It's all 4. Having said that, and you heard Karl-Heinz is in the room. Karl-Heinz is one of those that we constantly talk to him about working capital and receivables and inventory. So I'm glad you brought up the point because, hopefully, he will take the message home, and he will relay it to the troop how concerned investors are about it.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. Glad I could help. And last question. If we look at sales by product type categories that you report in the filings, do the industrial products fall into Specialty Products?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. They either fall into transit or freight. So far, they fall primarily into freight.
Albert J. Neupaver: No, he's asking about the specific quantities in the 10-K and...
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And the brake products, the manufacturing, specialty products and electronics, those categories there.
Albert J. Neupaver: Pat's flipping the pages, but yes, in general, it probably is.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, in generally, it probably is.
Albert J. Neupaver: Exact. It's...
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: It's specialty?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, you can actually go see the -- where all these fall in by the 10-K and the segment description in the front.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Oh, that's -- okay, great. That's -- I just have a list in my model, but I don't have the description.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There appear to be no further questions at this time. So I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Thank you very much, and we look forward to talking to you in July. Is that right? Yes. Okay. Talk to you then. Bye-bye.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Rhem Wood
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead, sir.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thank you, Denise. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us on our earnings call for the fourth quarter and full year. Let me introduce the Wabtec people who are here with me: Al Neupaver, our President and CEO; our Chief Financial Officer, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon; Ray Betler, our Chief Operating Officer; and Pat Dugan, our Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller. As usual, we'll make our prepared remarks with Al and Alvaro, and then we'll be happy to take your questions. And we'll, of course, make some forward-looking statements during the call, so we encourage you to review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. We had a strong operating performance in the fourth quarter with record sales of $610 million and record earnings of $1.34. As a result of this strong finish to the year, we ended the year 2012 with record sales and earnings and a record backlog of more than $1.6 billion. Wabtec finished 2012 as the only company in the United States on any exchange whose year-end stock prices increased for 12 consecutive years. We accomplished this during a period that included 2 recessions, one of which I think you'd all agree was probably the worst that we'll ever experience. Clearly, our business is performing very well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. We are optimistic and excited about the long-term growth opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets, which are being driven by the mega trends around the world. These trends include ongoing demand for natural resources, increasing global trade, increasing urbanization, continuing need for infrastructure investment and the demand for more environmentally friendly technology. Today, we also issued our 2013 guidance. Based on our current backlog and our outlook, we expect full year earnings per diluted share to be about $5.85. Along with this will come sales growth of 8% to 10% for the year. This EPS guidance is about 13% higher than 2012. Our guidance assumes the following. Slow growth in the global economy, the U.S. and European transit markets will remain stable with the emerging countries' transit market's driving growth. Our transit revenues should grow based on our existing backlog of projects in the U.S. and internationally. The third assumption is that U.S. freight rail traffic will be stable with OEM locomotive and car build slightly down. So far this year, traffic is slightly down from a year ago. Fourth assumption, no major changes in foreign exchange rates, and we expect to have a slightly lower tax rate. And we have also included our most recent acquisition, Napier, in our guidance. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost, focused on generating cash, cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond decisively to any changes in market conditions. Let's first look at the freight rail market. In the U.S., rail traffic is mixed and was mixed in 2012. For the year, car loadings were down 3.1%, and revenue ton miles were down 2.4 %. However, excluding coal, car loadings were actually up 3%. Intermodal traffic was up 3.2%. Of the 20 traffic categories, 10 were up, with particular strength in autos, petroleum products and lumber. So far in 2013, total rail traffic is down slightly, 0.7%, although it was up 2.2 % in the most recent week. In 2012, it was a good year for OEM deliveries, with 2013 expected to be slightly lower. About 1,200 new locomotives were delivered last year, we expect that to be around 1,000 to 1,100 this year. Forecasters are expecting anywhere from 50,000 to maybe 55,000 new freight cars to be delivered in 2013. This compares to 59,000 in 2012. About 11,800 cars were delivered in the fourth quarter. Orders were about 11,000, so the backlog remained about steady at around 60,000 cars. This compares to deliveries of 12,300 in the third quarter and 16.7 -- or 16,700 in the fourth quarter of 2011. Globally, freight traffic is also mixed. Looking at transit, we continue to see stable markets in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S., ridership was up 2.6% through the third quarter of 2012. In 2012, transit car backlog increased about 10%. We expect deliveries of about 900 units for 2013. Bus deliveries will be about 4,500 in 2013, and that's about the same number that we had in 2012. The stability in North American market continues despite budget issues and uncertainties about a long-term transportation bill. As you all remember, after a period of about 3 years, a short-term extensions and uncertainty, Congress did pass a new transportation bill, it's a 2-year bill called MAP-21. This 2-year bill maintains funding for transit programs at about $10 billion, about where it's been for the past several years. This bill was passed in the fall of 2012. Outside of the U.S., transit is more of a part of the culture and the economy, and we're seeing stability in the developed markets and growing in emerging markets. In Germany, for example, the Deutsche Bahn had 4% increase in ridership in the first half of the year. In France, SNCF saw a 6% increase. Now even in these difficult economic times in Europe, transit agencies are serving their customers and moving ahead with existing products and projects. We continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Our priorities for allocating free cash remained the same, fund internal growth programs first. This accounted for 67% of our sales increase in 2012. We invested $36 million in capital expansion with most of that focused on growth opportunities. Secondly, we'll focus our cash generation use on acquisitions. We spent about $115 million on 4 acquisitions in 2012. We will also return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. In 2012, we bought back 607,000 shares of stock for about $47 million. In the fourth quarter, we bought 231,000 shares for about $19 million. We also increased our quarterly dividend from $0.03 per share to $0.05 per share earlier in 2012. We are focused on increasing free cash flow by managing costs, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. Our growth strategies also haven't changed. Let's talk about some progress in these strategies. First, global end-market expansion. Our sales outside of the U.S. were a record $1.2 billion in 2012. That's 30% higher than last year's total. Now, 50% of total sales versus 1/3 5 years ago. We showed good growth in Australia, South America and China. We also had growth in non-rail, which is now about 15% of our total sales. In aftermarket expansion, we saw sales of $1.3 billion, another record. It accounted for about 54% of our total. This is growth of 16% compared to the prior year. This growth is due to both acquisitions and internal growth initiatives such as expansion of our locomotive services in the U.S. and continued expansion of our service center in Brazil. The third strategy, new products. We continue to have tremendous focus on this effort, with about 1/3 of our total annual sales coming from new products. We define new products as those introduced in the last 5 years. We have many internal development projects such as electronic braking, an oil-free compressor, locomotive services and an integrated brake system for the European freight market and of course, positive train control, which skips most of the headlines. PTC represented about $215 million of our sales in 2012. We expect more growth in 2013 as we continue to work with the railroads and other industries' suppliers to deliver on interoperable system by the 2015 deadline. As you know, there has been discussions about extending the deadline. We certainly can't predict whether that will happen or not. But we have analyzed how the delay would affect Wabtec, and we do not think it will have a meaningful impact on our business. The last growth strategy is acquisitions. As I stated, we completed 4 transactions last year and have already closed one this year. Combined, the 2012 acquisitions and the ones we closed at different points in 2011 contributed incremental revenues of about $128 million in 2012. About half of that growth was in transit and half in freight. That total represented 33% of our growth in 2012. Let's talk about our most recent acquisition, Napier Turbochargers, for a minute. Napier has about $55 million in revenues. They manufacture turbochargers and components for high-horsepower engine. It's a growing business and good markets. Power generation represent about 70% of their revenue, and sales within the marine area contribute about 30% of their sales. They have good IP and strong technical capabilities. Their installed base of more than 18,000 turbochargers and use around the world provides a strong reoccurring aftermarket revenue. They have a strong customer base, Caterpillar, Hyundai, Wartsila and other OEM engine manufacturers. This acquisition meets all of our strategic goals. New products. Aftermarket was 60% of their total. And global expansion, they have sales of about 50% in Europe, 35% in the U.S. and 15% in Asia and growing. The other acquisition that we had in 2012 was Tec Tran, the only U.S.-owned manufacturer of hydraulic braking equipment and related components for light rail transit cars; Winco, a marketing and sales company in Brazil, with capabilities including value-added engineering and assembly service technical support and logistics; and the LH Group in the U.K., that's a provider of maintenance and engineer -- or engine overhaul services for transit; and lastly, Mors Smitt, a European-based manufacturer of electronic components for rail and industrial markets. I will now ask Alvaro to discuss our financials.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thanks, Al, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be able to discuss the financial results for the quarter, which we believe were pretty good. Sales for the fourth quarter were a record $610 million, which is 14% higher than last year. Of this increase, about 1/2 was from organic growth and the remainder from acquisitions -- from the acquisitions were discussed by Al. Transit Group sales increased 45% due to revenues from our backlog of existing projects and from acquisitions as well. Freight group sales were relatively stable and in line with the prior year's quarter. Overall, rail traffic was slightly lower in the fourth quarter of '12, as were deliveries of new locomotives and freight car. And earlier in the year, which affects the comparison, we completed deliveries of new locomotives, which had started last year. Turning to the margins and cost information. As we've discussed in the past, we're always striving to drive our operating margins higher. In dollar terms, SG&A expense increased due mainly to acquisitions, but it was 10.6% of sales compared to 11.4% of sales in the year-ago quarter. For the quarter, for this year's quarter, operating income was $101 million or 16.5% of sales compared to 13.6% of sales in the year-ago quarter. The improved margin performance was driven by several factors, mainly higher sales volume, a favorable product mix and benefits from the Wabtec Performance System. Again, for comparison purposes, we should also note that we recorded charges of $5.5 million in the fourth quarter of '11. If you add back these items to our operating income again in the fourth quarter of '11, the operating margin back then would have been 14.6%. So I think the appropriate comparison is 14.6% to 16.5%, but still a very significant improvement. For the full year of '12, our operating margin was 16.4%. In terms of other expenses, interest expense for the quarter was $3.9 million, a bit higher compared to the year-ago quarter due to low returns on cash investments and cash borrowed for acquisitions. Other income. Sometimes that's other expense, sometimes that's other income, depending on FX rates. And it's typically the charge, or the income is just pay per FX translation gains or losses. The effective tax rate showed a slight improvement. Last year, it was 33.8%; this year, it's 33.3%. We expect the rate to be slightly lower in '13, and we've included that assumption in our guidance for the year. Turning to cash, which is always critical for Wabtec. Cash from operations was $123 million in the quarter and $237 million for the year. That's a good performance and we hope to continue that momentum in 2013. Working capital during the quarter improved slightly despite our higher sales. At year end, receivables were $390 million, inventories were $407 million and payables were $249 million. Our GAAP working capital, which when we calculate, we exclude cash, was about 14% of sales for the quarter, is about 16% of sales at the end of the third quarter, which shows obviously our improvement or our efforts, our continuing efforts, to reduce working capital. As our business becomes more global and as we expand our sourcing programs into other low-cost countries, this will affect our working capital requirements. Even so, we think there are opportunities to reduce working capital going forward, and that's one of our critical goals. Cash at year-end was $216 million, mostly outside the U.S. It was $282 million at September 30. We used some of the cash -- oh, no, I'm sorry, and Napier didn't occur till January, it's just a normal decrease in cash. Debt at year end was $317 million compared to $433 million at September 30. A few miscellaneous items. One is share buybacks. We bought back 231,000 shares during the quarter for about $19 million. We still have ample room remaining on our $150 million buyback authorization from the board of about $75 million. A few of the other plenary items. Depreciation was $7.7 million compared to $6.7 million in last year's quarter. Amort was $5.5 million -- I'm sorry, $5 million in the quarter versus $4.4 million last year and CapEx was $11.3 million versus $15.7 million. For the year, CapEx was $36 million versus $38 million last year. So relatively stable. For 2013, our budget is about $45 million in CapEx. We tend to underspend our budget somewhat. But right now, the budget is about $45 million for next year. In terms of backlog, at the end of the year, we had a record-high backlog, and it was 7% higher than a year ago. The total multi-year backlog, so this is the backlog in total, is $1.6 billion versus $1.5 billion at September 30. The rolling 12-month backlog, this is what we expect to execute in the next 12 months, was $1.1 billion, which is the same as it was in September 30. Those figures don't include about $250 million of contract options that are not counted in the backlog until the customer exercises them, but hopefully we'll be able to get a good chunk of that. And with that, I think that concludes the financial review. And I'll turn it back over to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks, Alvaro. Once again, we had a good performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Taking one final look back at 2012, revenues increased 22% to a record $2.4 billion, income from operations increased 45% to a record $392 million, EPS increased 48% to a record $5.19 and our backlog ended the year at a record $1.6 billion. Looking ahead, 2013, we are anticipating another record year with EPS guidance of about $5.85 on a revenue growth of 8% to 10%. With stable market conditions, this guidance is our best estimate at this time. We couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see. As countries around the world continue to invest in freight rail and passenger transit infrastructure, we continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that is poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in market conditions. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Scott Group of Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Alvaro, can you give us the breakdown of the backlog for freight and transit, like you've done in the past?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. The total backlog for transit is $1.2 billion versus $970 million at September 30. For freight, it's about $492 million versus $558 million at September 30. So it's down slightly. But again, I think the backlog's more significant for transit than for freight. The rolling 12-month backlog, again, what we hope to execute in the next 12 months, for transit, it's $703 million versus $654 million. The $703 million is a record, I believe. And for freight, it's $414 million versus $447 million.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, that's very helpful. So with that, as the transit backlog's been growing and the freight's been kind of leveling off a little bit, we saw the first quarter of, I guess, negative freight revenue in fourth quarter. Within the guidance for 2013 revenue growth, can you just give us a sense on how you're thinking about freight versus transit? Is freight kind of flattish in the expectations and transit's up a lot? How do you think about that?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we think that we should see growth in both transit and freight, and almost 50-50. We expect both markets to support that.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, that's helpful. A couple other things. On the acquisition front, can you just give us a sense on how you're feeling about potential for additional opportunities? If I look back the past couple of years, you spend typically $100-plus million on deals and we've already done that this year. Is there room to do a few more deals and accelerate the pace of acquisitions relative to what you've done in the past few?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. The pipeline, it's adequate right now. We continue to always try to develop new potentials. I think those potentials, we're going to be as opportunistic, but we're also going to be very disciplined and structured with our acquisition program. We have enough potential there to say that hopefully that we could continue what we've done in the past. I think the other thing that's worth noting is that we're in a unique situation, being a company that is -- we've proven now that we're an acquirer. We've proven we could find them. We've proven that we could close them. We've proven that we could integrate them. But we also have the beauty of a great balance sheet that allows us to be opportunistic if the larger acquisitions come available, and we're able to do that. We've said time and time again that we feel that we could take on debt to 2, 2.5x our EBITDA, which would give you a very large acquisition. So I would answer your question by saying that we continue to be excited. We think it's an important part of our growth strategies going forward.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, that's really helpful. And just a follow-up on the acquisition side. Alvaro, can you just refresh us on to kind of how you treat these acquisitions from a purchase price accounting? And so we've seen, what, 8 or 9 deals over the past 2 years? Does the amortization of some intangibles, does that start coming down at this point where the accretion from these deals can look even bigger in '13 the than what we saw in '11 and '12?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. Well, to answer to your last question, they will improve somewhat. But in terms of the accounting, I'll just see if I can just do this in 2 minutes. But basically, when you do an acquisition, you write up all the assets, obviously recognize the liabilities. But you write up all the assets in a fair market value and to the extent that the price paid exceeds what you paid for the hard assets, they go in, in intangibles. What really affects it, and I think it's kind of what you were referring to in your question, is what we call purchase price accounting, or PPA for short, which makes you write up as an intangible asset the entire amount of unrealized profit in inventory and backlog at the time of acquisition. And you amortize that as you sell off that inventory and as you fulfill your backlog. So basically, until you have in inventory turn, you almost recognize very, very little profit in the acquisition. Until you work off the backlog, now that backlog's slightly different, you'll recognize diminished profits. But the amounts that we had for this type of PPA, say in the fourth quarter, was just about $2 million. So I think you'll see some increase. You'll see some increased benefit from this PPA eventually going away, but it'll be relatively small. And to be honest, hopefully, we'll make additional acquisitions and their PPA will offset that. So it's kind of a recurring cycle.
Operator: Our next question will come from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Al, could you give us a breakdown of the PTC in terms of what came from U.S. freight and transit? And then, I guess, global is the other piece of that?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. If you look at the sales that we've discussed now, we have -- I think it was 2010 with $25 million, $125 million in '11 and now in '12, it was around $215 million. So that would give you about $200 million and what -- $365 million in sales. Of that, around $200 million of that would be freight, about $100 million is in international and about $50 million in transit. And we would expect that proportion going forward as well.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I guess just going back to the top line growth that you guys are looking for. On the freight side, obviously, it sounds like at this point, anyway, that we're looking for a headwind from the OEM deliveries. Should we be assuming that PTC is going to somewhat offset that? Or is international -- I mean, where is the other growth coming from on the freight side?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think that what we'll see is we have offsetting growth from PTC. There'll be internal growth from that. Right now, it's hard to predict the exact amount. But we do expect it to grow, because spending is going to grow with the railroads and we're finishing up our project. Hopefully, we'll be done with the project in Brazil this year. So we expect that to grow. I think that -- the other growth, we have some freight acquisitions that will also add to it incrementally. And we think internationally, we'll be able to grow in the freight markets. We do have a concern about car -- railcar build, as well as the traffic, as well as locomotive builds. But we do have a large international market that will more than offset that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Art Hatfield of Raymond James.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Alvaro, real quick question on -- as we think about interest expense going forward with Napier now in the fold and some of the things that went on in fourth quarter, can you help us now from a modeling standpoint kind of what a normalized interest expense number should be?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I think so. Going forward, obviously, the bonds that we have outstanding, I think, pretty much everybody's aware of that, they'll mature in July. They're at 6 7/8. Right now, I think in the short term, what we'll probably do is refinance those with bank debt. But in the longer-term, the public market yields are very attractive right now and it could be that we go back out to the public market. So right now, we haven't made up our mind. But there'll be some savings with the refinancing of those bonds. Either way. And right now, like I said, you have to make up your mind how to model that. Bank rates are very low. Right now, all in, we're paying about 1.5% on our bank financing. And if we went up for refinancing, we've been told that the bond rates right now are about 4.5%, again, I'm not sure where that's going to end up right now. We have plenty of capacity under the bank revolver to finance those bonds, and that's what we intend to do short term. And after that, the debt balance should be relatively stable. We have a large amount of cash. Obviously, we used about $25 million to $30 million to buy Napier. But some of the other cash is in foreign jurisdictions like Mexico, Australia and Canada, that we can't use it for an acquisition in the U.K. We didn't ask to use about $30 million of it for Napier. But the rest will be offset through cash flow. So I think I would assume for modeling purposes that you have a stable principal balance and then you're just going to have to make some assumptions on the interest.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: All right. So the major impact will be in the back half of the year when you decide how you're going to refinance those bonds.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I think so.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Getting back to your guidance for the year. The Napier acquisition, have you -- within your guidance, are your purchase price adjustments included in that guidance?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, they are.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then when I think about the revenue growth for the year and just kind of the range that you gave out, I would say that probably, just initially today, maybe about 1/4 of your growth is already accomplished to the Napier acquisition ballpark. To get to that midpoint of that range, are you pretty comfortable speaking the balance of the growth comes organically? Or do you have other acquisitions teed up in the U.S.?
Albert J. Neupaver: We have no other acquisitions in our guidance, okay. We do not plan on them. They're all opportunistic, they're all upside.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then finally on Napier, I know I should know this, but it just hit me. I can't remember, is that going to be in transit or in freight?
Albert J. Neupaver: Primarily in transit. However, if any of the products end up in the freight markets, then it would be included in freight. We have a number of divisions that go into transit and freight, not just one or the other, but it will be reporting through the transit organization.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then finally, as you acquired Napier and you kind of look at the opportunities that are out there with their existing customers and maybe some of the existing markets, are you finding any opportunities and new potential markets where those turbocharger products could find another area of customers that you can serve?
Albert J. Neupaver: Without a doubt, that's the main -- strategic for us is to look at market expansion. If you remember, we talked about global end market expansion. Market expansion is a way to take our existing technologies and products and introduce them into new markets. And as we look at these adjacencies, the non-rail markets, we're looking on how they can contribute to the rail markets, but we're also looking for new markets that will help in our overall strategic initiative, which is to really focus on trying to dampen the cyclicality. I mean the brutal fact that we've accepted and tried to maintain and we've successfully done is we know that we're going to have deep cycles in the rail industry, especially the U.S. freight market.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Have you been able to identify opportunities yet or is that something you guys are still looking at?
Albert J. Neupaver: We obviously have an integration plan that includes exploring those. And whenever we look at an acquisition, we're looking for what synergies we have and those end up in the sales synergy category. And sales synergies are not always easy to accomplish. As a matter fact, those are the ones that usually have the greatest pie-in-the-sky type of thing. And you really have to work over a period of time to help develop those. I think the other thing that I should mention is the importance that Napier is a great service organization, and it will allow not only new markets, but it will allow us to expand our product offering from a service standpoint as well.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: That's very, very helpful. And last one, and I'll get off. Al, how would you characterize your acquisition pipeline today versus maybe 1 year ago, 24 months ago?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think that there was a little bit of a rush toward the end of last year where a lot of the private owners and private equity were worried about -- unsure about the uncertainty related to taxes. But if I compare the pipeline, I'd say it was adequate. Freight right now and the last year was about the same. I think it's about the same. There's obviously a lot of competition out there for the acquisitions as there's always been, and private equity is definitely back in the mix full steam.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matthew Brooklier of Longbow Research.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: I just wanted to circle back to PTC. I think for the first 3 quarters of 2012, we're at roughly a $50 million run rate, and it sounds like that number was more like $65 million in the fourth quarter, if my math is correct. I'm curious to see, if that is the case, what pushed up or accelerated the PTC revenue in the fourth quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: Your math was pretty good and we always -- the actually number was closer to $60 million. And then there was a little bit of peak on some of our larger backlog projects.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Was that within the U.S. freight market or was that...
Albert J. Neupaver: Some of it was international and some of it was transit market, but more so than those from the freight expenditures as we've seen.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And I think we -- you had preliminarily offered a 13 PTC revenue target of above $200 million for -- already at $215 million, should we assume that '13 is above that number?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, '13 would be above that number. And I guess for a target range, it's very difficult to give an exact number because we're not sure how the capital spend will go and how many onboard computers will be ordered and delivered and installed during 2013. But a rough number, we expect to see 15%, maybe 20% growth and we'll update you quarterly as we go on.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That 15% to 20% growth, I think it's a little bit north of what the rails had announced as they went through their budgets and made those public. Just curious to hear if we're getting more spend this year from the rails on the locomotive side versus track and signaling, or could you maybe talk a little bit about what's been spent, where that money has been spent and kind of future spend going forward?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, a lot of -- the onboard computer only makes up a portion of our PTC sales, I want to make sure you understand that. We've got the turnkey project in Brazil. And as I mentioned earlier, we'll be finishing that project up in 2013. So we definitely will see some growth in there. And we're also progressing on a number of transit programs, one at the Metrolink, out in LA, and there's other -- a couple other transit authorities. So we'll see growth in those areas. As far as the amount from the railroads, our best estimate says that on an equivalent installed base, there is about 18,000 to 20,000 total locomotives that will have to be equipped for PTC eventually. A lot of the railroads are done putting in provisional kits, which trying to do some of the wiring and some of the hard work, time-consuming work now, then will later, once the specifications has been better defined, which it has not up to this point, they will go further. So we try to estimate on an equivalent installed base, and we think maybe of the total, about 4,000 to 4,500 equivalent installations have occurred. So that's out of 18% to 20%. It gives you a view of what has to happen over the next couple of years, from an installation standpoint.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Albrecht of BB&T.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: A couple of housekeeping items, and I'll go to a little bigger picture. Alvaro, I know in your guidance you said you expect a slightly lower tax rate. Can you give us a little more specific than slightly lower for this year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: If you make me, I guess, I will. It is slightly lower. I think our tax rate for the year was about 33% -- 33.3% to be exact. And I would expect a similar number for next year, somewhere between, I would say the overall tax rate for next year will be about 33% to 33.5%, somewhere in there, maybe probably a little bit closer to the 33%, but when you're cutting it pretty fine there. So I would say 33% to 33.5%, shading probably towards the 33% again. And first quarter, we do expect a couple of tax items to come in, basically as a result of some of the tax bills that they recently passed. They extended the R&D credit, but we can't recognize that until Q1, and a couple other items. And you'll probably see about a 50 to 100 basis point reduction in the average tax rate that we'll do in the first quarter. So it is very slight.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then SG&A was quite a bit higher than what we were looking for. And now with Napier, do you have at least for the next quarter...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I'll give you analysis of SG&A. But it's mostly -- the increases have mostly been driven by acquisitions. For example, last year's quarter SG&A, I think, was about $61.1 million and acquisitions added $7 million. So as in other items, you would've expected SG&A to be at $68 million. However, because of couple of other factors, and there's always a few factors in there, as well as cost savings initiatives, it ended up at $64.7 million. So basically, the increase in SG&A is almost 100% due to acquisitions. In terms of a run rate, at this quarter, it was $64.7 million. There weren't really any unusual items in this quarter. So I would expect it, going forward, to be above that $64.5 million to $65 million. Napier is going to add about $1 million. Napier took place in '13, so that's not in Q4. Napier is going to add about $1 million in the quarter.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the whole revenue growth, I know, Al, you've said that you would expect both divisions to post revenue growth in 2013, but there's a reason we analysts are anal. When I look at just kind of where we are, we're talking really super high growth rates the last 2 quarters in transit for a lot of reasons. I mean, could it be the second half of 2013 before freight reestablishes positive revenue growth again?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think we're no different than other industrial companies. And I think it's all based on the fact that most people think that the recovery is going to be slow. And hopefully, it will accelerate as the year goes on. And we do not provide quarterly guidance, but I would say that we're no different than other industrials and I've read enough guidance reports myself from other people out there to know that right now, the economy is kind of just moving along at a pretty stable rate and hopefully, it would accelerate as the year goes on, is what most people feel. We have a lot of assumptions that I stated in our guidance. And I think that, like I said, we don't provide the quarterly guidance for you.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. Alvaro, what did you guys pay for Napier? I know it had $55 million of annual revenue.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I'll handle that. Generally, it's almost 2x the revenue. We were asked not to provide that information. So that's the reason it wasn't there, but it's about 2x the revenue.
Operator: The next question will come from Greg Halter of Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Back on Napier again. Will the management team be remaining there? And also, could you give some guidance relative to their margins being above or below your own?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Yes, the management team is on board. To give you an example, the General Manager of that division, 2 days after we acquired the company, attended our leadership conference where we get all the Vice Presidents, General Managers together, and he was a great participant in that event. Key to when we do acquire companies is that we're really looking for strong management, a management that will stick with the company. And I think in this case, it's really been a home run so far as far as the management team. So we make them part of the integration team. And yes, it's a critical part of the success that you have with integrating new acquisitions.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And hopefully they're listening to this call.
Albert J. Neupaver: And the second part of your question again?
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Margins, whether or not they're above or below your own.
Albert J. Neupaver: Now I know why I didn't remember it. It's -- as stated, they're better than our average. We have not provided the specific margin data. They told me I'm not allowed.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Not just this time? Alvaro, do you have a preliminary figure for your equity at end of the year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Hold on a second. Let me dig it out real quick. Total shareholders' equity at the end of the year should be about $1.282 billion.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: All right. And what was the impact of foreign exchange on sales and operating profit?
Albert J. Neupaver: For the year, it was down $19 million. And for the quarter it was down $3 million. And the fourth was up $3 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: You got it right. He got it right. It was minimal, but those numbers are exactly right.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: And any flow through the operating profit?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It was very minimal again. Less than $0.01 a share either way in both quarters.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And for the year, can you provide a breakdown of -- which I think you do in the K, and maybe you don't have it yet, but the freight OEM versus the aftermarket and then transit OEM and aftermarket in terms of percentage?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, for the year freight was 53% OE and aftermarket, obviously, 47%. And for the year, transit was 34% OE and 66% aftermarket. Overall, for the company as a whole, 46% OE and 54% aftermarket. Very much in line with our targets.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: All right. That's excellent. And I think you are in the process of doing a field test on the PTC and just wondering how that has gone.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I don't -- the field tests that are going on, the MRS has a field test going on right now, and that's the railroad down in Brazil. There are some field testing going on at Metrolink and the BNSF has done some field testing on some of the products. I think the other railroads are still in the laboratory test phase and expect to move into field testing later this year.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Obviously, your non-U.S. sales are becoming a more important part of the company. Can you just frame up the growth rate for that half of the business that's coming from outside the U.S.?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Just in general, compared to last year, international sales in '11 were about $666 million and at the end of '12, increased significantly. It was almost $1.2 billion.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Wow. Okay. And can you break out how much of that was acquisition versus organic?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That, I'd have to calculate.
Albert J. Neupaver: It has to probably follow up with Tim. Overall, the percentage -- and I don't know, if you look at the growth in international and domestic, it was about the same, really, maybe a little more internationally. So earlier we said that internal growth accounted for 67% and acquisitions was 33%. I think international, probably would be more acquisition and a little less on the -- but the exact number, we don't have. I would guess it'd be probably 50% internationally, but I'm not -- but Tim can follow up.
Timothy R. Wesley: I know the CAGR over the last 5 or 6 years has been about 15% for non-U.S sales growth.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And I know it's a diverse group of businesses, but can you help us frame up the margin profile for that half of sales that comes from outside the U.S.?
Albert J. Neupaver: Generally, the margins are a little better in the international markets, primarily because we're a small player in larger markets, and we try to be very particular about what opportunities we go after. So in general, we do better.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And as you look, you guys have obviously done a great job in terms of driving margin expansion from internal initiatives. If those margins are already better than, say, the aggregate or the corporate average, is there still the same kind of opportunity to drive incremental margin expansion in those non-U.S. businesses?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we're firm believers that there's always opportunity to expand margins. And the only thing I would say is that as your margins improve, the incremental improvement gets more difficult, but there's always room for improvement and really, that's our mantra when it comes to continuous improvement in the Wabtec Performance System that we're going to incrementally continue to improve over time. Yes, there may be 1 quarter or 2 quarters where we have some type of impact that we can't manage, but over time, our goal is to continue to expand those margins, whether domestic or international.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So I mean, obviously, you drove a lot of margin expansion from -- in 2011 from 2010. You did it again in 2012. Your guidance implies more of a flattish or a smaller increase in operating margin. Is that just a function of mix and is there any -- do you expect that you can get back to those magnitude increases going forward just as you think about the portfolio of businesses and what you expect you can do internally?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think one of the things that we have to be honest about is that volume is the great -- it helps cover our problems and issues. So volume is a large contributor to margin improvement a lot of time. And we have some extremely good growth in both '10 to '11, '11 to '12. With that, we still have a very focused targeted improvement on margin, division by division, group by group and company-wide, focusing on improvement through the Wabtec Performance System, improvement on pricing, improvement on sourcing, improvement on movement to lower cost manufacturing platforms. So yes, we expect to continuously improve.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. And last question, you talked a lot about acquisition on the call. It's an important part of the strategy. Given the pipeline that you can see, do you think it's possible to match the pace and magnitude of deal activity that you did in 2012?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, it's impossible to predict acquisitions. Well we, that's why we don't allow people to put them in their plan or count on them. You just have to be opportunistic. There could be years where we don't have acquisitions. And I think our track record shows that we at least have a trend go on and that trend's supported us in the past and hopefully, it would support us in the future, but it's impossible to predict them. We're not going to do acquisitions just to do acquisitions. Our focus is on internal growth first and then acquisitions after that.
Operator: The next question will be a follow-up from Scott Group of Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Just 2 things. Al, you talked about, I think, about a quarter of the locomotive that you think need PTC have the on-board recorder now?
Albert J. Neupaver: Equivalent locomotives. There's been a lot more touch, but it's provisioned, so we tried to get an estimate on the total. But yes, go ahead Scott.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Do you think it's fair to take the U.S. freight part of the PTC sales that you've already done and kind of think about multiplying that by 4 or does that seem too aggressive?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that it's probably -- there's still some uncertainty. There's uncertainty related to the mandate, completion date of 2015. I think there's uncertainty related to the actual specification. I think there's still things that have to flow. I think that's an indicator, but I would definitely not start multiplying those numbers and saying that's exactly what going to happen. And okay?
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then last thing, the -- people have talked in the past transit margins being better -- worse than freight margins. How do you think about incremental margins, though, on freight versus transit, are those more -- are those closer?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that the incremental margins, they're probably about the same. I don't think there's a lot of difference. The problem with transit is that a lot of these large contracts can have an impact on your margin. And I think we were very open with everyone as we were completing some of the large projects and you get down to the end of a, say a locomotive deal then you're going to make more money on the last 5 locomotives than you did the first 5. Then you're going to make more money on a system later on as you're supplying a braking system, than you do start now. I think it's just one of those kind of things. And there's projects that good margins and others are not so good. So it's really hard to say, but I would say in general, incremental, and we do okay.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And that comment about the end of a big contract you tend to do better, I'm guessing you're referring to just like some of the big New York City subway programs and things like that. It feels like those are maybe a little bit less a part of the overall transit piece and growth right now than maybe historically.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, they've gone from very large projects to smaller orders. So that is changing.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And I'll add one small proviso. Part of it can depend on the accounting, too. Some of these large contracts you use percentage of completion and in general, you estimate your profit at the beginning and you try and recognize ratably. What happens is, when you get to the end of a contract, you can have a much better idea of what your cost picture is because you're not longer relying on estimates. You have a large actual cost base to choose from, so you can refine your estimates, and that will result sometimes in larger profits than you originally estimate, just because you have better data. But the percentage of completion does tend to smooth that out a little bit. But some of the other contracts, you just recognize the profit based on as you deliver. And there is a learning curve and you do recognize it a little bit more towards the back end as well. It depends.
Albert J. Neupaver: That's why we love accountants.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We can complicate the simplest things. That's what we get paid good money for.
Operator: The next question will come from Rhem Wood of BB&T Capital Markets.
Rhem Wood: I think most of mine have been answered. I just have one last. Al or maybe Alvaro, can you help us a little bit with net interest line? I know you mentioned you've it had to do with foreign exchange, but it's moving around a fair bit. Can you just help us?
Albert J. Neupaver: You mean the other line, other income?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: You mean other income and expense?
Rhem Wood: Sorry, yes, that's the one.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Basically, that relates to FX, for the most part, on intercompany balances. We sell goods to units abroad. They sell goods to units over here. And we advance funds, they pay our funds and basically have a number of intercompany balances. And in general, you just have to recognize the changes and the effects on that. That can bounce around -- it can be -- our goal is to minimize it, to keep it as small as possible. Some quarters it will be a gain, a small gain like it is this quarter. Some quarters, it will be a small loss like it was last quarter. But our goal is really to minimize it rather than predict what's going to happen. And so typically, it has an effect of about $0.01 per share one way or the other, which is not too material.
Rhem Wood: Okay. And does it depend on maybe the quarter whether you gain or loss, does that have any impact?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, it depends on the FX, where the rates are going.
Operator: The next question will be a follow-up from Greg Halter of Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Have you seen any -- and I know it's early, but any changes in the competitive landscape, given the events of steam and steel a few months ago?
Albert J. Neupaver: Not at this point. I think it obviously hasn't closed yet, so there's not much that they can really do. I know that -- I'm sure that they're working on integrating it, but no, we haven't seen anything.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: And relative to the freight side, with the car build, I just wanted to confirm that your content is generally the same no matter if it's a tank car or a coal car or...
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, exactly, Greg.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And I think I saw something about Amtrak replacing the Acela. Whenever we see those types of news stories, I presume you have a role in that as a -- maybe not as a primary, but as a sub along the way?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think the only program that they actually -- I think is actually going on right now is that they're upgrading some of their cars. As far as the locomotive there, they haven't even decided what they want. I mean, they're kind of saying maybe they want locomotives that go 150 mile an hour, 125 mile an hour high-speed, whatever, and that has not even been put out to bid. So we're unsure exactly. But yes, we'll participate if there are locomotives being built, we'll participate in some way.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: And one last one for you. Your business in China, how did that do in 2012 and what do you see going forward?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think in 2012, we showed growth that was high single-digits, and we expect it to continue to grow into 2013 and beyond.
Operator: And at this time, we have no more questions. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Neupaver for his closing remarks.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks to everyone. Thanks for the questions, and we'll talk to you at the end of the first quarter. We look forward to it. Bye-bye.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us on our earnings call for the third quarter. Let me introduce the people from Wabtec who are here with me. Our President and CEO, Al Neupaver; Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; Chief Operating Officer, Ray Betler; and our Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. Al and Alvaro will make their prepared remarks as usual, and then we will be happy to take your questions. We will, of course, make forward-looking statements during the call, so please make sure you review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. As you saw from our announcement earlier today, Wabtec had another strong quarter, with sales of $588 million and earnings per diluted share of $1.30. The company is operating well and its continued good performance, along with our outlook for the fourth quarter, led us to boost our guidance. As we'll discuss, our performance was driven by strong growth in both our operating groups, both freight and transit. So overall, our business is performing well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. We're also optimistic about the long-term growth opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets, which is being driven by megatrends around the world, ongoing demand for natural resources, increasing global trade, increasing urbanization and the continuing need for infrastructure investment. Based on our results to date, the current outlook for the fourth quarter, we now expect full year earnings per diluted share to be $5.13 to $5.18, with sales growth now expected to be about 22% for the year, if EPS guidance is about 40% higher than the adjusted EPS last year. As you all can calculate, this bodes well for a strong fourth quarter. Our guidance assumes the following. Slow, continued growth in the global economy. In the U.S., we are seeing a general wait-and-see attitude toward major projects, probably waiting for the election to provide clarity on where we are headed in a number of key policy areas. It assumes that the U.S. transit market will remain stable. Our transit revenues are growing into the fourth quarter, based on our existing backlog of projects in the U.S. and internationally. We assume U.S. freight rail traffic will be stable, with car build slightly down. And lastly, we assume no major changes in foreign exchange rates. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost, focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond decisively to any changes in market conditions. Let's look at the freight rail market. In North America, rail traffic remains mixed this year. Through mid-October, car loadings were down 1.6%. Now, if we exclude coal, car loadings are actually up 2.6%. Intermodal traffic is up 4.7%. Of the 20 traffic categories that are followed, 11 are up so far this year, with particular strength in autos, petroleum products and lumber. We see no change in our OEM delivery estimates for the year. We expect more than 1,200 new locomotives to be built this year, that compares to 1,100 in 2011. Forecasters are expecting around 60,000-or-so new freight cars to be delivered in 2012. That compares to 48,000 in 2011. About 12,000 cars were delivered in the third quarter. Orders were stronger than expected at about 15,000. Thus, the backlog rose 5%, to almost -- or over 61,000. Globally, freight traffic is also somewhat mixed. Brazil's MRS had a 10% increase in carloads in the most recent quarter. In Russia, we see that traffic is up 4% in the month of September. In Australia, Genesee & Wyoming's traffic was down about 8% in the third quarter. South Africa meanwhile has a major multi-year investment in rolling stock that they've announced. And China has also announced a stimulus program that includes additional infrastructure investments, including investments in the rail sector. Looking at the transit market. We continue to see stable markets in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S., ridership was up 2% in the second quarter. In 2012, transit car deliveries will be about 1,000. That's slightly up from last year. Bus deliveries will be about 4,500. That's slightly down from last year. This stability in the North American market continues despite budget issues and political uncertainties. After 3 years of short-term extensions and uncertainty, we finally have a new multi-year transportation bill. It's called MAP-21. This 2-year bill maintains funding for transit programs at about $10 billion a year. That's about where it's been for the past several years. The lifting of some of the uncertainty with this MAP-21 signing may help jump start some transit agency programs. If we look outside the U.S., transit is more of the culture and the economy, and we're seeing stability in the key markets. In Germany, for example, Deutsche Bahn had a 4% increase in ridership in the first half of the year. So even in these difficult economic times in Europe, transit authorities are moving ahead with existing programs. As I mentioned, we are seeing growth in the second half in transit, due to our backlog of existing projects and especially in our locomotive division. We will continue, as we have in the past, to focus on growth and cash generation. Our priorities for allocating free cash remain the same. Our first priority is to fund internal growth programs. These programs have accounted for 72% of our sales increase this year. The second priority; acquisitions. We've made 4 acquisitions already this year. And lastly, return money to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. We bought back $6 million worth of stock during the quarter. Our growth initiatives also have not changed. Global market expansion, aftermarket, new products and technology and acquisitions. Let's talk a little bit about the progress we've made in each of those growth strategies. Global and market expansion. Sales outside of the U.S. were $285 million, that's 24% higher than the third quarter of 2011. Through 9 months, international sales accounts for 50% of our total versus only 33% 5 years ago. Growth in the quarter was driven by sales of new freight locomotives in Australia, our train control project in Brazil and acquisitions of Bearward and Mors Smitt. During the quarter, we announced several new international projects, including freight brake equipment for GATX rail in York and ECP product for Rio Tinto in Australia. We look at the aftermarket expansion. Aftermarket sales were $297 million or 51% of our total revenues. This grew by 5% compared to the prior year quarter. We have benefited from train control projects in the U.S. and Brazil and service and overhaul work in the U.K. New products. Sales of new products represented about 30% of our total sales for the quarter. These new products range from next-generation locomotives that meet Tier 4 emission standards to an oil-free compressor to aftermarket services in Brazil. Positive train control, PTC, of course, also fits into this category. Positive train control continues to be a growth driver, with sales expected to exceed $200 million this year. That compares to about $125 million in 2011. We do expect growth again next year. Acquisitions. We completed, as I said, 4 acquisitions so far this year, including Winco and Tec Tran in the third quarter and the LH Group acquisition that was completed at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Acquisitions have helped to drive top line growth. Acquisitions have accounted for about 28% of our growth year-to-date. And they also offer ongoing opportunities for margin improvement as we fully integrate them and apply the principles of the Wabtec Performance System. A little bit on these acquisitions that we've recently made. Tec Tran is the only U.S.-owned manufacturer of hydraulic braking equipment and related component. This is important because it helps car builders meet Buy America. Their sales were about $10 million. Tec Tran is a strong addition to our product line, with the technology that we didn't have, used primarily on light rail vehicles and streetcars, which is the fastest-growing segment of the passenger transit infrastructure market. Winco. It is in South America, Brazil, sales of about $15 million. They are a marketing and sales company with capabilities that include value-added engineering and assembly, service, technical support and logistics. Winco has an extensive network of customer relationships in the freight and transit market throughout Brazil. It also complements our existing presence in Brazil and expands our global footprint. The LH Group, with sales of about $65 million, is a U.K.-based provider of maintenance and overhaul services for transit. It complements our existing presence in the U.K. by enabling us to offer complete overhaul services for passenger transit vehicles and components. That includes engines and transmissions. About 10% of their sales are in non-rail markets. With that, I'll turn it over to Alvaro to talk a little bit about our financial results.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right. Thanks, Al, and good morning, everyone. Once again, I'm pleased to be able to report our financial results. Sales for the third quarter were $588 million, the second highest total ever and 18% higher than last year. Of this increase, about 60% was from organic growth. Freight Group sales were up about 12%, with about half coming from organic growth and the rest from the acquisition of Bearward. As we expected, and I think we discussed this previously, Transit Group sales were up strongly, about 20% -- I'm sorry 27% higher than the year-ago quarter. About 2/3 of this was due to organic growth. We continue to expect this group to have higher revenues in the second half of '12 compared to the first half. Increased sales were also driven by new commuter locomotive projects, components for new transit cars and the Mors Smitt acquisition we'd already announced. Income from operations was also strong this quarter at $97 million. Operating margin was 16.5% versus 15.1% in 2011 -- in the third quarter of 2011. We're confident as usual that there's a room for more improvement over time. We can't give a specific number, but we think there's still opportunities there. Margin performance was driven by several factors: higher sales volumes, a favorable product mix and benefits from the Wabtec Performance System. For example, SG&A was 10.2% of our sales in this quarter compared to 11.6% last year. This is just one example that demonstrates our operating leverage and ability to manage cost. Interest and other interest expense was pretty stable, about the same. Other income or loss can fluctuate due a little bit to FX, and we had a small loss due mostly to paper FX translation losses. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.8%, which was lower than the year-ago quarter as we were able to close out several items at the state and federal levels. Both at the state, we were able to close out a couple of issues, and at the federal level as well. This was compared to the tax rate -- the year-to-date tax rate of 33.3%. So if you take a look at our numbers year-to-date, the tax rate is 33.3%, and you compare the 31.8%, this yields at a benefit of about $0.03 a share. We expect the rates to fluctuate over time, but we expect it to be in the fourth quarter plus or minus 33.5%. And you can see that, in general, this is consistent with prior history. For example, the year-to-date tax rate compared to last year is virtually the same. Cash from operations were about $83 million in the quarter and $114 million for the 9 months. For the quarter, this was a good performance, and we hope to continue that momentum in Q4. Working capital improved slightly despite our higher sales, and we're starting to see some incremental results from our internal improvement initiatives. For example, at September 30, receivables were $430 million, inventories were $392 million, and payables were $236 million. Adjusted for acquisitions and foreign exchange, we generated cash of about $16 million by reducing receivables, $2 million by reducing inventories a little bit and payables used up $16 million of cash. Our working capital -- our GAAP working capital, what we would call GAAP working capital, which is current assets less cash minus current liabilities was 15.6% of sales for the quarter. One of the unfortunate effects, it's probably the only downside, of our business becoming more global in recent years and as we continue to expand our sourcing programs into other low-cost countries outside of North America, this causes somewhat of an increase in working capital. Receivables tend to be longer, the days outstandings tend to be longer abroad. And obviously, if you source goods abroad, you have more inventory. But even so, we think we can do better, and we're continuing our initiatives to improve our working capital balances. In terms of cash, at September 30, we had $282 million in cash compared to $234 million at the end of the last quarter. Some of that cash will have been used for the acquisition of LH, post the end of the quarter. The debt at September 30, was $433 million versus $443 million at Q2. Few other miscellaneous items. During the quarter, we bought back 77,500 shares for about $6 million, and we still have $95 million remaining on our original $150 million buyback authorization. Depreciation for the quarter was $7.4 million, compared to $8.8 million in last year's quarter. Amortization was $3.9 million compared to $4.1 million last year. And CapEx for the quarter was $8.2 million compared to $9.4 million last year. Year-to-date CapEx-wise, we've spent about $25 million, and we'll probably end up in the low 30s, $32 million to $34 million, somewhere in that range, versus $38 million last year. That number's a little bit lower than what we provided last quarter. In terms of backlog, the backlog is still at a near record high at more than $1.5 billion. The total multiyear backlog is, like I said, about $1.5 billion. The transit portion of that is $953 million. The freight proportion of that is $558 million. The rolling 12-month backlog that we expect to execute during the next 12 months, in total, is $1.1 billion. In transit, that amount is $654 million, which is a record high for transit and the seventh straight quarter it's actually increased. For freight, it was still strong at $447 million. And these figures of course, don't include about $250 million-or-so of contract options that are not counted in the backlog until the customer exercises, but we are optimistic about them. And I think that pretty much concludes the financial summary, and I'll turn it back over to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again, we had a good quarter with strong sales, earnings, cash flow, as well as good margin performance. Our 2012 EPS guidance is now $5.13 to $5.18 on revenue growth of 22% -- of about 22%. Longer-term, we could not be more pleased with our strategic progress and growth opportunities we see. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. And most importantly, we have built a strong and dedicated management team that is taking advantage of our growth opportunities. With that, we'd be happy to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tom Albrecht of BB&T.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I think a lot of us -- it's such a murky demand world right now, and I wanted to just explore a couple of things here. There's always been some unusual patterns with freight revenues. And they were off about $50 million from the June quarter. How much was -- how much of that was because of railcar deliveries were 4,000, 5,000 units lower than in the June quarter? And how much of that was just maybe a slowdown elsewhere that you may have seen?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. And we're looking at second to third, is that correct, Tom?
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Yes, the second quarter was $407 million, and you just did what, $354 million.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. About what we saw, if we take a look at all of our freight car product groups, of that drop, probably if you say that it was around $50 million, probably $20 million of that was associated with railcar builds. Railcar builds were running about -- the deliveries were 12,000 this quarter and about the same as the quarter 2011. But obviously, the quarter before, we were at deliveries of 17,000, almost 18,000. But we also had less sales in some of our industrial product areas the gensets, heat exchangers that go into oil and gas exploration, the frac-ing part of the business. That accounted for a portion of it. We also had less sales from our locomotive group under the freight area. We had finished a lot of our freight locomotive sales in the second quarter. So in total, it probably only accounted for what, maybe 30%, 40% of that freight drop, and the other part was more finishing a project, which happens and the industrial heat exchanger area. We also had a little less in freight hardware related to PTC, especially in our MRS project. There was a little less sales in the quarter in PTC freight products as well. So I think those are the 4 main areas that we saw.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then kind of a follow-on, I know the goal is $200 million of PTC revenues this year. Is that pretty even at about $50 million a quarter, or has there been a ramp up through the year? And then maybe you could talk a little bit about what kind of year-over-year growth rate we can think about for transit in the fourth quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. 2 different questions, I think. First one was related to PTC. And what we saw at PTC, we were running at 50 for the first quarter, a little higher in the second quarter. And as I just mentioned, we saw a little decrease, probably about a 10% decrease. And it was all related to the MRS program where that is on a contract basis. So it really depends on how far along you are in the contract whether you could recognize revenues. We expect that to continue to increase. And as we've stated before, we said that we'll be over $200 million for 2012. We expect it to grow in 2013. We haven't really given a percentage number at this point. That would be something we do when we give out next year's guidance.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Sure. And then lastly, I'll jump off the queue, just on transit. I mean, your thoughts there. I mean, it's been a single-digit grower. All of a sudden, it was 27, and I know it really wasn't all of a sudden, you've been doing a lot there. But can we now think that for the next 3 to 4 quarters, that this may be a 20-plus percent grower?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that we said early along in the year that we would see the transit sales go up in the third, and again, in the fourth quarter. We think that, that's exactly what we've seen. And we think that it'll get to a point and stabilize for a while. We had a lot of confidence early along because of our backlog of projects that we had. So we knew that we were going to get some revenue growth into the third and fourth, and I think that after we've seen that, I think we'll be looking at more stable markets in the transit area. And I think that's the beauty of our diverse business model. If you look at a quarter, like the third quarter, we really almost totally offset the freight with our transit business. And that's why we have the model that we have for our business.
Operator: The next question comes from Art Hatfield of Raymond James.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I just want to follow-up on Tom's question about Q3. Sequentially -- and if I missed this in your commentary, I apologize, but sequentially, Q2 to Q3, what was the big driver for that? What was it roughly $30 million increase in revenue in the quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: The $30 million from second to third?
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: The growth in transit was driven, half of that was acquisitions, the other half was backlog of projects, some of it, locomotives, some of it, large transit projects. So if you look at the quarter, we really only had an impact of acquisitions about $15 million.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just -- I was looking at something out, Alvaro, when you went over the backlog numbers. And if I -- just to confirm a couple of these numbers, the 12 -- the total 12-month backlog for the company, is it roughly $1.1 billion?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That's right.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then multiyear is $1.5 billion?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That's correct.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, I'm good.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So just a follow up on the last couple of questions about the big acceleration in transit revenue. So it's been a couple of years since we've seen transit grow faster than freight. How should we think about the mix impact of that on gross margins and operating margins? It doesn't look like there was much impact in third quarter, but if we think that this is something that continues over the next year, how do we think about that mix impact?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think that the mix impact of transit obviously, has a negative impact on the overall EBIT. However, as we've stated before, our continued effort is to strive to improve that margin especially during the times when we're growing. So I think it probably bodes well for our ability to increase margins even when the freight business comes down a little bit like it did during this quarter.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Right, that makes sense. You mentioned a couple of times that the strength in transit felt like it was on the locomotive side. Within transit, is that a good thing or a bad thing if locomotives are what's driving the strength?
Albert J. Neupaver: It could be a good thing or a bad thing.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: In depends on the locomotive.
Albert J. Neupaver: In depends on the locomotive and the project, but generally, we do well in our locomotive business.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, that's helpful. Maybe just think about the Wabtec performance, what is the goal every year? We're trying to get this much in savings out of a company. Is there a target that you set every year? Or what percent of inflation do you plan to or try to offset each year?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. What we try to do, and we have about 45 different operating divisions that each prepare a budget. And each of those budgets, we expect the division to come in with action items related to margin improvement, with a target, understand a target of around 2%. And it's a combination of sourcing. It's a combination of sourcing, pricing and the Wabtec Performance System. Now, of that 3 different areas, we know that we're going to have inflation, we're going to have labor inflation, we're going to have material inflation, we're going to have other inefficiencies in our productivity endeavors. And we would like to see about a 0.5% improvement in each division after you account for the negatives that offset that 2%. So what we're looking for is a continuous improvement of about 0.5% in margins in our budget. That always doesn't happen, sometimes you have -- you don't get the savings you want and sometimes you have one-time issues and inefficiencies and warranty issues that will impact it. The other thing that helps is if you got volume growth like we have in this particular year. There's nothing that hides problems better than volume, and we had like -- so that's why we have pretty aggressive goals for each of the divisions. It's a very painstaking effort for everyone to come out with specific items that add up to those numbers. Some are able to do it and some come short. And some overshoot it.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: That's very helpful. And then last thing for now, I know you mentioned that you think that PTC is up again, in 2013, I know it's really early, but do you think it would be up again in 2014?
Albert J. Neupaver: It is early to make that statement, and it really depends a lot on the Class 1s. Keep in mind that we talk a lot about the potential and the one potential that we've quantified for everyone is related to the onboard computer. And the onboard computer right now, there's about 18,000 to 20,000 locomotives that will need to be equipped with our product. Of that 18,000 to 20,000, only 4,000 have been equipped. Now, some of them have been conditionally equipped, so you have part of the equipment, but we upgrade it. So it's equivalent to about only 4,000 out of the 20,000 that we'll need equipped. We have a projection, so it really depends a lot on whether they start adding the equipment, during '13 or '14. So you could see I think the total opportunity doesn't change, whether they take more in '13 or less than '13, more in '14, it's a tough call right now.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And just to follow-up on that, doing some quick math, so if we've done, call it, 20% of the locomotives and you've booked, I know not all the $300 million over the past 2 years is just for the locos
Albert J. Neupaver: The freight portion that we booked, we talk about 25 and then we went to 125 and then 200, it's about 375. Of that 375, 200 of it is related to freight.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So is it a bad thing to just take $200 million and multiply that by $5 million, to finish the other or whatever?
Albert J. Neupaver: There's other things in there, so you just can't take and multiply it. I think what you can do is say that the units -- an onboard computer normally cost $30,000 to $40,000, and you can multiply that by, say, the 16 that's left, and you get an idea of the potential.
Operator: Your next question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On the MRS project, I remember if I recall correctly, it's a pretty sizable project. I think it goes through 2013. Is there any way to help us sort of gauge if 30% of the project done so far with the balance to be in 2013? Or anyway to help us clarify that a little bit?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. And I'm glad you asked the question, Allison because last time, my crew here convinced me to give a number that may have not been totally accurate.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: His crew was mainly Alvaro. And trust me I heard about it later.
Albert J. Neupaver: It's a $160 million project. We, probably by the end of this year, will be about halfway through it. We should complete it in 2013, and there's options for another $80 million. And I don't know if we'll see those in '13 or whether that will go out to '14, we just don't know. It depends on the performance of the system.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got you, got you. And then on, I guess just in general on the...
Albert J. Neupaver: Last time we talked more of a larger number.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Last time I think somebody asked about the options. I think I gave him a larger number than that $80 million. But we checked it out, and it is about $80 million.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: About $80 million, okay. And then on ECP in Australia, that's been a nice growth opportunity from you guys. Is there a way you could quantify that project or product, I guess, the loan in Australia are 30% of the potential cars that could have ECP getting outfitted, or where should we think about that number?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, you actually -- you hit it almost exactly on the note. It's about 30% of the vehicles that could use ECP now have ECP, and they usually do it by -- it's almost a project basis. So you really have to -- we'll get another increment when the next project is taken on. So it's about 30% of the fleet right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: If you strip out tank car activity in the quarter, as you noted, there was a pretty big drop in delivery sequentially. And the non-tank backlog is at the lowest it's been since mid-2010. So just given those weaker dynamics for freight cars, are you starting to see more pricing pressure from the OEMs, or more competitive pressure in the market?
Albert J. Neupaver: I'm not aware of any. We've always had it. It's always there. We're striving to give them the best total delivered cost. We're not seeing it, and I think that, that is a dynamic that you would see if it does soften. I think the softening in a way is -- the fact that the deliveries are at 12,000 this quarter, I think means that -- I think that the car builders are trying to use their heads, as well as the ultimate end customer and trying to prevent, I think, a steady state going forward. If you look at 12,000, if that was maintained, that would be a pretty healthy car build going forward.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And if I could add just 1 comment to that from, I guess, from a financial perspective, from a CFO control perspective. Because I think everybody focuses on tank cars, and I understand why, I mean, that's a large percentage of the orders, that's a large percentage of the deliveries. But I think -- and this is more anecdotal and is more logic than specific evidence, but I have to believe that the railroads go through the same process that we do here internally at Wabtec, which is that you have a CapEx budget for certain components. You have certain amounts for truck, you have certain amounts for this, you have certain amount for stations, and you have certain amount for cars. And to the extent that the tank cars are what you need the most, then you go ahead and order the tank cars, and you order fewer of the others. But I think, and this is just to me more logical than anything else, that as the tank cars get more of the equilibrium, there have been some other cars that they deferred in the capital budget because they didn't have enough budget -- money for everything, and that will revert back to a more normal ordering pattern. We've seen that in the past. And I have to believe that, that's part of the ordering pattern in the future. If they only have a certain amount allocated to cars, then it's going to tank cars right now because that's the highest demand. But once that -- again, once that reaches equilibrium, then you reach a more normal demand rate. So we'll see.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: It's a good point. And just to take that one step further, do you have an opinion on what car types might be seeing some pent-up demand right now?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it was nice to see intermodal. I guess it's non-intermodal though, the flat car. You see in -- there's some still in there, covered hoppers, box cars. I mean, it's pretty diverse. It's good to see that diversity. And I think what Alvaro is saying could very well happen, and I've read some consultants feel the same way, that you're going to get to the point where you have to order some of these other cars.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. And I think it's a good point about intermodal, if you take a look at the stats, and I'm just looking at the ARC Annual Report right now. Year-to-date, intermodal, which is the traffic has been up 5%, 6% year-to-date, the deliveries have been half of that of tank cars of non -- they break out the intermodal between 5 unit articulated cars and others. And so it's been -- intermodal has been pretty strong, and the traffic's been pretty strong. So I think if you were to pick on one that would probably be #2 in demand, I think intermodal would jump right at you.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Sure. So looking at the quarter itself, since you did have a moderation in the freight car build rate x tank, have you seen customers start to slow order activity to get their own inventories levels down? Or how you are you thinking about channel inventories? And I just asked that since your own inventory was, wasn't up a lot, but it was up $4 million sequentially in 3Q against the lighter build.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. And one thing, I don't think we've mentioned too much during the phone call, Steve, but it certainly is a pattern is that normally, the third quarter is slower particularly in freight. Transit tends to go at its own pace. These contracts are very long, and it takes a lot to execute them. So transit tends to go at its own pace. But normal, year in, year out, the freight segment experiences lower sales in the third quarter because of seasonality. You have plant shutdowns for vacation, they have plant shutdowns for repairs. And you normally see a little bit of a dip in Q3. What we see in Q4, what we'll see when we experience Q4, but I think that seasonality is part of the decrease in the demand.
Albert J. Neupaver: The other thing is if you take a look at the portion of our business that's really related to freight cars, I think this quarter gives you -- I think, again, and I said it earlier about the strength of our business model, the diversity that we have. When you see a drop from 18,000 to 12,000 cars being delivered, and our net impact is $20 million, and it's totally offset by some of the other areas. This gives you the idea of the strength of that diverse business model that we continually talk about. We are conscious of it, and it is a great product area for us. And we like being in it, but we also realize that, that cyclicality is going to be there. And sometimes it becomes a discretionary purchase, a capital purchase by the railroads.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just one more question, I'll jump back in line. I think I may have asked this last quarter, too. The increase in tank car production sequentially was 8%, to about 4,500 cars, and obviously, you know that there's a tremendous backlog concentration of tank cars. Any thoughts on where quarterly production of tank cars can go just as you look through your -- the various customers that build them?
Albert J. Neupaver: I've read. The only thing I've done, I've read about expansion at a couple of the car builders. And which would mean to me that there is a need for extra capacity to meet the demand. I don't know anything more than that other than I read it in a commentary area. It might even been a report that you wrote.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Because again, we tend to be revenue-neutral with regard to the type of cars. We don't put any more content on average, let's say, on a tank car than we would on a coal car. So a tank car versus say a coal car is not that critical to our financial results.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: No. I understand. I was just trying to see if you have any information on if it's 4,500 now, can the industry build 6,000 a quarter or 7,000, any idea on what that capacity can go toward.
Albert J. Neupaver: No, we don't have that information. I'm sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Liam Burke of Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Alvaro, you mentioned that CapEx for the year, you'd anticipate it being in the low 30s versus last year which is in the high 30s. Is there any significant difference in those numbers?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Not really. Last year it was 38. I think in the last conference call, if memory serves me right, we said it'd be somewhere near that number 38 to 40, or something like that. And now, it looks like it's going to be a little bit lighter. And to be honest, we're not like -- we don't have to spend our CapEx budget or have it cut back next year. We try and spend what's necessary and what the units convince us is necessary. So there's nothing really significant to it. It's just the way they're rolling in. And again, the way we would do CapEx, we'll do what's needed, and if you don't spend it 1 year, you still get it carried over the next. It's not a question of when you do it. So I wouldn't read too much into that. It's just...
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it would probably be on a year-to-year basis. It may step up next year, but by and large, this is a nice reflection on your returns here.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And on the transit side in Europe, it looks like the spending is still holding up nicely. You've got a nice backlog of contracts. With the other 2 major competitors, Al, are you seeing any price competition?
Albert J. Neupaver: There is. It does get competitive now that there's a third player, and I think that what we've tried to do is be a very responsible supplier. We're trying to sell our product on technology and the service and the Wabtec name and not on price. But I think to protect their marketplace, they obviously are willing to do what it takes to try to protect it. So there is some pressure there without a doubt. But again, since we have a small volume of business there and a small market share and there's just so much opportunity, we try to be selective in what we go after and don't try to go after everything. And I think our program is -- I'm feeling good about our incremental success rate year-on-year. And this week, we'll be reviewing the European budget and taking a look at next year and seeing what success we have planned for that.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Brooklier of Longbow Research.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Al, a question for you. RSI has, I think, a 60,000 unit freight railcar number. You kind of talk to the number on the call. I guess at this point in time, and we're roughly 2/3 of the way through October, what's your conviction level that we do hit that 60,000 delivery number? And I guess what's the potential flex, either up or down, given your experience through different cycles?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think if you take a look at what's been delivered so far this year, you had what 16 17 and 12 47. So I think the 60,000 looks good. I think if the build rate stays right there at the 12,000, 13,000. And I guess that's everyone's best guess right now. With a possible, if we start seeing orders continue to grow and the economy come back, I think that build rate and deliveries will go up next year. But I think most people, most consultants right now are suggesting low 50s to mid-50s is the number they're using. So that's about the only insight that we have on it right now.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And we're going through obviously a very strong tank car cycle and seeing good benefit in terms of deliveries. But as you look out to 2013, and, Alvaro, I think you talked to it previously, where is the potential for catch-up? I guess, what equipment types, cars specifically, potentially need a higher rate of replacement in '13?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I would think that if you look at the deliveries over the last year or so, it's been really centered around covered hoppers and tank cars. And we know that coal is -- right now, the demand for coal is down for power generation, and even the export's a little bit down. And so you have -- I don't think there'll be demand for the coal cars, but I think that intermodal, the way it's growing, at some point, you're going to see ordering for that type of car. You look at, there's cars specialized for building materials. I think that -- although right now, in the frac-ing area the covered hoppers, I think that's being impacted by not just the shale and the frac-ing, but also grain right now with the drought, there was an impact. And that could come back drastically. So I think the ones that you haven't seen much deliveries on are the ones that could be the drivers into 2013 and '14.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And back to PTC, you mentioned that some of the timing in MRS revenue was the primary driver of us seeing sequential PTC revenue decline, I guess from to 2Q to 3Q. Is that -- I just want to clarify that. It was MRS and, I guess, not on the transit or the U.S. freight side?
Albert J. Neupaver: That's correct, yes. Actually, it was -- the decrease of the MRS was offset by the growth in the U.S. portion.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So you did see better PTC within the freight, the U.S. side of the product? Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver: Right.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Got you. And maybe just talk a little bit to transit, U.S. transit opportunity for PTC. You've announced a couple of contracts, kind of where are we. And I know there's a number of cities or urban networks that need to adopt this technology. You've only announced a couple at this point in time. How should we be thinking about that moving forward?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, there's 21 agencies that will need to work with PTC. Right now, we have signed contracts with Metrolink, which is the L.A. area. We have one with Denver. And we also have signed contract, I don't know if we have announced any of this, but we have been working with Amtrak in the Northeast. We've got a dialogue going on with a number of other agencies in North County, San Diego, Alaska Railroad, Caltrain. I would think that our conversations right now are going on with most of the transit authorities of some sort. Now, getting a contract signed with a transit authority is something that doesn't happen overnight, so we could be working a while, we could actually be delivering some product and not have the full contract signed in some of these. So -- and the thing that we've told people about it is it's hard to quantify, and we use the example that Metrolink has 100 locomotives, and I think we announced 27 million or something like that contract. North County in the San Diego area only has 10 locomotives. So you could see there's relative size to the programs, and it really depends on the scope that we're doing. We could go to a full scope where we do the prime contract or we could be a sub, just supplying the onboard computers. And we'll announce these as they get signed and try to give you an idea that you could better quantify what the opportunity is.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. But again, 2 thus far announced, and we have roughly 19 to go. Not to say you're going to potentially be involved in those projects, but still a long runway at this point.
Albert J. Neupaver: That's correct.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And just one quick little one. Other income below the -- or other expense below the line was roughly $1.4 million. What's in that line?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That's mostly where we -- most of the time, that's where you put your miscellaneous odds and ends, but the large majority of that number quarter in, quarter out, are paper FX losses. Those are translation gains and losses on intercompany balances and a few other items. We try and minimize them just to keep the variability out of it. But invariably, you have a little bit of creep in there. So that's normally the large, large portion of that amount.
Operator: The next question comes from Kristine Kubacki of Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: I admit I'm just trying to get a little bit better read here on the market and the economy, and you mentioned about aftermarket trends, but I kind of want to dive into the aftermarket for like freight U.S. Are you -- and I know traditionally that's followed gross ton miles growth or decline. Are you seeing any changes there on the cadence due to kind of maybe some of the choppy freight trends among some modes? I mean is there any disconnect that you're seeing on the gross ton miles maybe suggesting that maybe the railroads are pushing off maintenance a little bit at this point?
Albert J. Neupaver: No, we're not seeing that at all, Kristine. As a matter of fact, if you look at the ton miles, which really track the car loadings almost to a tee here, it's down 1.7 and car loadings are down 1.6. So I was talking to a railroad CEO in the last month, and he said to me, he said, "Al, if someone told me that coal would be off as far as it is, and that we would be in a situation that we're in and we're still moving as much freight as we did even with coal off, I wouldn't believe them." And it just shows that the railroads -- the traffic is just not that bad considering how bad the impact of coal dropping that we've seen. And I think you add to that the fact that you have the drought and grain's off. So I think it really shows the strengths of the Class 1 railroads and how important it is to the economy. And so I just -- in the aftermarket, it does follow, it follows the volume. And I think that we're just not feeling that negativism from the aftermarket business at this point.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, very good. And then, I can't believe it's gotten to me, but on PTC, can you give us a sense on -- I mean there's always stable rattling going on about delays and that. Can you kind of give us an up to date on where the Class 1s are, and how you're thinking about the 2015 deadline? And then can you also just think -- give us a little color on how you're thinking about the competitive marketplace there? Do you see an entrant coming in before 2015? Just some color around that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. I think that right now, we used the term during the prepared remarks, wait-and-see. I think that the railroads are in a wait-and-see about what happens in the election as to if there's a strategy to continue to lobby for a delay or whatnot. I think the FRA and the railroads have concluded that a full implementation will be very difficult by 2015. And -- but they -- I think they're all convinced that implementation is going to happen, whether it will be delayed 6 month, a year, and whether they'll get provisional approval so they could operate it and roll it out in a more reasonable fashion. I think that's the ultimate goal that people have. So I think there's still going to be talk around it. But at the end of the day, we're going to have a positive train control system that interoperates on the railroads. And any delays that exist from a technology standpoint will not be related to Wabtec. I mean, we've had -- this systems have been operating 5-plus years on the BNSF. Metrolink's talking about taking their system live middle of next year. Our MRS program, we'll start the pilot later this year. So the technology is there. Are the railroads able to interoperate is a question that I think still exists and a lot of work needs to be done. And we're going to support the railroads. As far as competition, I'm sure there's always people that -- we did it, so someone else could do it. We're conscious of that. And we try to be very responsible to our customers and meet deadlines and support the technology. I think that the fact that this interoperability between the railroads gets so complex, that it would be very hard for the railroads to try to bring on other systems. And a matter fact, it will be very costly, but that doesn't mean they can't do it.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Tom Albrecht of BB&T.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Alvaro, just a quick question. Given the acquisitions and that, do you have an approximate SG&A and amortization level for the fourth quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I would say for the fourth quarter, I think the run rate on SG&A, I think the run rate for this quarter was pretty consistent with the second. And I think going forward, for the fourth quarter, you can -- it'll be roughly somewhere in that range obviously.
Albert J. Neupaver: It's about 60.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, it's about 60. We've added LH early in this quarter, so you'll see a little addition from that. But what happens with the acquisitions, and we've talked about this before, the first couple of quarters when they're out of the gate, the net bottom line financial effect is negligible because you basically have -- you have to write up their assets to the inventory and the backlog to the estimated realizable value. So until you fulfill the backlog and until you turn over the inventory once, you're basically operating at basically almost breakeven on those items. So the financial -- the net bottom line effect will be negligible, but it will have some effect on the run rate of SG&A. In terms of what we call purchase price accounting, it's that amortization, that onetime accounting of the inventory and the backlog, in this quarter, it wasn't too much compared to the prior quarters. In this quarter, it was about $1.7 million, in the prior quarter, it'd been about $0.3 million, so it increased. The amortization for those recent acquisitions increased by about $1.4 million, $1.5 million. It was pretty similar to last year. Last year, it was $1.3 million. So similar last year, higher than the second quarter of this year by about $1.4 million. And we project that to drop a little bit in the fourth quarter to about $0.5 million, $1 million-or-so, somewhere in that neighborhood. So it fluctuates a little bit, but it's not too material of an amount.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Seeing that there are no further questions, I'd like to turn the call back over to Al Neupaver for any closing remarks.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, we'll talk to you next year. Thank you very much.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary Patrick D. Dugan - Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Samuel H. Eisner - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our earnings call for the second quarter. Let me introduce the people from Wabtec who are here with me, the President and CEO, Al Neupaver; Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; Chief Operating Officer, Ray Betler; and our Senior Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. Al and Alvaro will make their prepared remarks as usual and then we'll be happy to take your questions. We will, of course, make forward-looking statements during the call, so please make sure you review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al?
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. As you saw from our announcement earlier today, Wabtec had another record quarter. Our sales came in at $610 million and our earnings per diluted share was at $1.33. The company is operating well. And this continued good performance, along with our outlook for the second half, led us to increase our guidance for the year. As we will discuss, our performance was driven by strong growth in our Freight Group. Overall, our business is performing very well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. We are in compelling growth markets around the world and we remain excited by our future growth opportunities. Based on our second quarter results and current outlook, we now expect the full year earnings per diluted share to be at -- between $5.10 and $5.15, with sales growth now expected to be about 20% for the year. This EPS guidance is about 40% higher than our adjusted EPS was last year. Our guidance assumes the following: the global economy grows modestly; U.S. freight rail traffic is stable, with car delivery rates slightly down compared to the first half; the transit market remains stable with our transit revenues growing in the second half driven by our existing backlog of projects; no major changes in foreign exchange rates, and our recent acquisitions, Mors Smitt and Tec Tran, are included. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling costs. We'll be focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond decisively to any changes in market condition. We'll first look at the freight rail market. In North America, rail traffic is mixed so far this year. Through mid-July, car loadings are down 1.4%. However, if you exclude coal, these car loadings are actually up 2.8 %. Intermodal by itself is up 4.5%. Of the 20 traffic categories that are tracked, 13 are up so far this year, with particular strength in autos, petroleum products and lumber. In the OEM part of the freight rail market, both drivers are very positive. We expect more than 1,200 new locomotives to be delivered this year comparing to almost 1,100 in 2011. Forecasters are now expecting about a 60,000 or so new freight car to be delivered in 2012, new freight cars that is, compared to 48,000 in 2011. Nearly 18,000 cars were delivered in the second quarter. Orders were stronger than expected at about 16,400, 32% higher than the first quarter. Backlog is at about 59,000 cars. Globally, freight markets have remained fairly healthy. Brazil MRS had a 6 -- 4.6% increase in car loads in the most recent quarter. And in Australia, Tennessee and Wyoming saw a 3.5% increase. Other countries have announced large investments in the freight rail systems. In response to a 10% increase in traffic last year, Transnet of South Africa committed to a large multiyear capital program. China is talking about another stimulus program with a heavy rail component. The transit market. We continue to see stable markets in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S., ridership was up 5% in the first quarter. In 2012, transit car deliveries will be about 1,000. That's slightly up from last year. Bus deliveries will be about 4,500. That's slightly down from last year. After 3 years of short-term extensions and uncertainty, we finally have a new multiyear Transportation Bill. That's a 2-year bill. It's called the MAP-21. The 2-year bill, which maintains funding for transit program at about $10 billion per year. This is a funding that we have seen in the past over the last several years. MAP-21 may jump start some programs since transit agencies now have funding certainty. Outside of the U.S., transit is more a part of the culture in the economy, and we are seeing stability in the key markets. Even during these difficult economic times in Europe for example, transit agencies are moving ahead with projects. The obvious exceptions are countries like Greece, Spain and Portugal, which are not big markets for us. As I mentioned, we expect to see growth in the second half in transit due to our backlog of existing projects, especially in our locomotive division. We will continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Our priorities for allocating free cash flow remain the same: fund internal growth programs, first; second, acquisition; and thirdly, return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. Our growth strategies also haven't changed, global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new products and technologies and acquisitions. Some of the progress that we have made in the global and market expansion: Sales outside of the U.S. were $312 million. That's 32% higher than the second quarter of 2011, through 6 months, 51% of our total versus about 1/3, 5 years ago. Growth in the quarter was driven by sales of new locomotives in Australia, our train control project in Brazil, aftermarket sales in the U.K. and the acquisition of Bearward, which closed in the fourth quarter. In addition, we won some small international orders for bogey equipment in Italy and high-speed brake disc in South Korea. Looking at the aftermarket expansion. Overall, aftermarket sales were $313 million or 51% of the total. This grew 7% compared to the prior year quarter, benefited from our service growth in the U.S. as well as train control project in Brazil and overhaul projects in the U.K. On the new product front. Sales on new products last year were about 35% of our total sales and thus far this year, we're running about the same. These projects range from new generation locomotives to oil-free compressors to aftermarket services in Brazil. Most of our PTC revenue also fits into this category. PTC continues to be a growth driver, with sales expected to exceed $200 million this year compared to about $1 million -- $125 million in 2011 and $25 million in 2010. We completed 2 acquisitions recently, Mors Smitt and Tec Tran. Mors Smitt is a European-based manufacturer of electronic components for rail and industrial markets. Some specific components are relays, measurement devices and controls for rolling stock and signaling. They have sales of about $60 million annually, 50% of which is in Europe, 10% in NAFTA, 20% Asia and 20% rest of the world. Mors Smitt adds to our product line with a mission-critical electronics. It expands international business and has a 25% aftermarket component. The acquisition closed late in June so it had no impact on the last quarter. Tec Tran is the only U.S.-owned manufacturer of hydraulic braking equipment and related components. This helps car builders meet Buy America requirements, sales of about $10 million. It is significant and strategic in that it adds to our product line with a technology that we don't currently have and that is hydraulic braking equipment. This type of equipment is primarily used on light rail vehicles and streetcars, which are a growing segment of the passenger transit market. This acquisition provides growth opportunities as part of Wabtec, given our global reach and financial strength. With that, I'll turn it over to Alvaro.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, Al, and good morning, everyone. Results for the quarter were pretty straightforward, and I'm pleased to be able to give you the details. Sales for the first quarter were a record $610 million, which is 27% higher than last year. Of this increase, about 80% was organic and the balance from acquisitions. Freight Group sales were up about 46%, with most of that coming from internal growth, as well as rebounding markets. OEM sales in the Freight Group nearly doubled due to increasing demand for components for new freight cars, locomotive sales in Australia and the acquisition of Bearward that Al discussed briefly earlier. Aftermarket growth resulted mainly from expanding our service and PTC revenues. Transit Group sales were slightly higher than last year and 9% higher than the first quarter of '12. We continue to expect this group to have high revenues in the second half compared to the first half. In terms of income from operation, we had a strong performance this quarter, totaling a record $101 million of profits from operations. Operating margin was 16.5% versus 15% last year in the second quarter, excluding the special items that we mentioned in today's press release. This is the highest operating margin we've had since the late 1990s, but we still believe there is room for more improvement over time. Margin performance was driven by several factors: Higher sales volume gave us operating leverage; a favorable product mix with [indiscernible] freight sales as opposed to transit and benefits from the Wabtec Performance System all helped to result in the improvement. Actually, operating margins would have been a little better but we booked a $2.4 million charge in the Transit Group to reflect higher-than-expected costs on a locomotive project. SG&A was about the same if you -- as last year if you exclude the special items from the year-ago quarter. It was actually lower as a percentage of sales, 9.7%, compared to 12.2% in the year-ago quarter, excluding the special items. Interest and other. Interest expense was about the same, and other income, normally, we have a small amount there due mostly to pay for foreign exchange translation gain. That could be a gain or a loss, and in this quarter, it was a small gain. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.7%. This is similar to the rate in the year-ago quarter if you adjust for the tax benefit we had in that quarter. If you make that adjustment, the rate from last quarter would have been 33.5%, and I think going forward, you can expect it to be 34% or so, give or take, a couple of basis points. Cash from operations was about $30.5 million in the quarter, which is not as much as we'd like, and what happens is, the increasing sales are resulting in increasing receivables. We'd like to improve receivable collections as we go forward, but right now, they're a little bit higher and they're resulting in cash not being quite what we expect. Working capital increased in the second quarter as you would expect given the higher sales in the recent acquisitions. Just to give you a couple of numbers, you can jot down if you'd like. Receivables for the quarter should be around $442 million; inventory, $389 million; and payables, $250 million. Adjusted for acquisition, our working capital was up about $50 million in the quarter. As a percent of sales, which is for us the key statistic to keep track of working capital efficiency, our net working capital is about 15%. This has crept up a couple of percentage points since the beginning of the year, our working capital as a percent of sales, and that's one of the things that we're going to strive to bring down as we go forward. As our business has become more global in recent years and as we continue to expand our sourcing program into other low-cost countries outside of North America, this also affects our working capital requirements and we need to take that into account. But we still think there are plenty of opportunities to reduce it. And like I said, we'll continue to focus our efforts on that. Cash. At June 30, we had $234 million in cash compared to $269 million at the end of the last quarter in '11 -- at the end of the first quarter in '11. Debt. At June 30, we had $443 million in debt versus $386 million at the end of the first quarter. Most of the increase was due to the Mors Smitt acquisition in late June and we'll be -- we'll expect to repay that with cash generated during the year, as well as cash transfers from other foreign units. A few miscellaneous items. We bought back almost 300,000 shares, about 299,000 during the quarter for about $22 million. And we still have about $100 million remaining on our $150 million buyback authorization from the board. A few other numbers to jot down. Depreciation was $6.7 million for the quarter compared to $6.6 million last year, pretty stable. Amortization was $3.3 million this quarter, about the same as last year. And CapEx was about $6.3 million this year versus $5.4 million last year. I think for the year, you can probably expect CapEx to be about $44 million, give or take, versus $38 million last year. Our backlog, it's still at a record high. We set a new record slightly expanding the total in the backlog. The multiyear backlog was $1.6 billion. Transit was $963 million of that total backlog and freight was $629 million of that $1.6 billion. That's the total backlog. Then the backlog that we expect to execute during the next 12 months totals $1.2 billion. And transit's a record $646 million of that and freight is $531 million of that total. And with that, I'll give it back to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again we had a great quarter with record sales, record earnings and backlog and good margin performance. Our 2012 EPS guidance is now between $5.10 and $5.15 on revenue growth of about 20%. Longer term, we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities we see. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model in the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that has taken advantage of our growth opportunities. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Allison Poliniak, Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Al, could you just give us some thoughts on the acquisition environment just given the macro concerns? You guys have been pretty active. Our multiple is starting to become more active. Are people sort of giving up in this environment right now?
Albert J. Neupaver: Our acquisition pipeline is actually very busy right now. As you know, we are very selective on what we try to approach. And we're very disciplined in trying to close the right acquisitions. We are seeing quite a bit of competition in that arena. But there is an ample number of acquisitions that we have in the pipeline right now.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then you touched on this a little bit, but going back to Europe, I know it's more of a transit-focused market and you guys are really active in trying to grow that region. How has the macro situation really impacted your growth ideas going forward albeit the next 2 years?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think we stay on track. We have a very sound strategy and that is to build a business up in Europe in both transit and freight. Although the freight market is smaller, I think there's opportunities for us to participate in that market. We're making slow but positive movement in both of those areas. I think the opportunities are still there, and I think long term, it will be very good market growth area for us. A good example of that is the acquisition of Mors Smitt and last year's acquisition of Bearward. We continue to want to build that credibility and platform in that market area, which is a much larger market area especially in transit than it is here in North America.
Operator: And the next question comes from Art Hatfield from Raymond James.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the expense line. The cost of sales line was a little bit higher than we would have thought, but conversely, SG&A was a little bit lower. So I think the net-net was a better overall. Can you talk a little bit about if there's anything unusual going on in those numbers? It looks like SG&A was down sequentially from Q1, just what the drivers were there and if that's something that we should -- how should we think about that going forward?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, Art, I think as we have tried to get everyone to take a look at the operating profit line, and the reason for that is we have -- because of the large project nature of some of our business, we have a lot of costs that go back and forth between cost of sales and the SG&A expense lines and engineering line. And what we've really done internally is we really stayed focused on the operating line, not that gross margins and gross profit isn't important, and we do look at the metric, but what we do find is a lot of expenses flow between those 2 lines. And we'd like to get people really focused on that operating margin, which if you go back over the last 5 years, it's done nothing but incrementally improve, which is really our goal to continuously improve on that margin line.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And in terms of SG&A, Art, it's actually been pretty stable. And that really helps us on the operating margin line, obviously, as we expand the sales. If you take out the legal settlement, which we accrued last year and adjust for acquisitions, we're roughly at about the same run rate that we were this quarter and last quarter, which is somewhere between 60 and 62. So I think going forward, you can model the SG&A somewhere between 60 and 62, and it will fluctuate between those amounts. Obviously, we make acquisitions, that will change, but that's the best number we have going forward.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: No, that's helpful. And we are as well focused on the operating margin, but just understanding what's going on with expenses is always helpful.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. No mix can -- like Al said, mix can really affect gross profit and the classification of expenses sometimes can affect that as well, given the -- sometimes the percentage of completion accounting can affect that and that's why we focus so much on the operating margin line rather than the gross.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Group from Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Alvaro, you mentioned increasing components as part of OEM sales as one of the drivers in the quarter. Can you give a little bit more color there? Is that a new trend? Is that something that you think is a secular opportunity for you guys? And how should we think about kind of the margin impact on that when you get more components per OEM sale?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure, no. I mean I think the main components of the increase in sales was really the rebounding freight car market, which obviously are freight car components. And I think that the margins there are probably around the company average, give or take, and then strong PTC sales as well, which have higher margins than the company average. I think those were the 2 really driving forces in the component sales.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, that makes sense. So when we think about margins, I know you guys don't give guidance, but on one hand, you've got the Wabtec Performance System, which clearly seems to be paying some tremendous dividends. And then you have this kind of mix benefit of freight being a lot stronger than transit. As you look at a couple of years and maybe that mix, maybe transit starts to grow a little bit faster, is the goal to still improve margins beyond this 16%, 16.5% range? Or at this point, would it be to maintain margins if you look out a couple of years?
Albert J. Neupaver: Our goal would be to continuously improve on that margin. And I think if you take a look at even what happened during the recession in 2008, 2009 time frame, even with transit taking a larger portion of the total revenue, with $150 million drop in revenue, we were able to maintain the margin within 1%. So when you take the Wabtec Performance System, we apply that across all aspects of the business. And in those divisions that have lower margins, we expect a larger incremental improvement. So, and it's not just looking at Kaizen, but as we talked before, we look at taking advantage of global sourcing. We take a look at taking advantage of pricing. And yes, there will be mix changes over time, but our goal is to really continuously improve on that operating margin level.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. That makes sense. Maybe now turning to the Highway Bill for a second. Maybe talk about how quickly you think you'll start to see some of the project work pickup now that we have a bill. And then on the positive train control side, I know they ended up pulling the language in there that would have delayed PTC. Do you think at this point that a delay in positive train control, do you feel comfortable is not going to happen? Or do you think there's still a chance for that at some point in some other form of legislation the next couple of years?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Yes. On the Transportation Bill, I think the fact that you're taking away some of the uncertainty of the funding really are out year type of positive impact. We're seeing the impact right now of spending that -- or funding that was put forth a few years ago. So I don't see it an immediate impact in the transit area from the Highway Bill. It's those long-term projects that we really want to see. And you are correct. The bill, there was a lot of pressure, lobby pressure, to put some type of delay for PTC into the Transportation Bill that never made it. I think there will be continued pressures as we would go forward to have some type of delay. As far as do I feel that there will be a delay or not, I really can't -- I really don't know. I wouldn't say with certainty that there isn't one. But what I can tell you with certainty is that I don't think it would have a major impact on how we see things that will occur over the next few years. There's still a lot of work to be done. Right now, the progress is very positive. We're going to go from lab testing to field testing on the vital PTC system probably late this year into next year. We already got a product safety plan on a nonvital system that has been submitted with BNSF. They've been operating our system for 5 years. You'll see that we're going to be pushing to have the Metrolink system up and running on a BNSF-type system sometime in 2013. In 2013, we will have completed the MRS Brazilian signaling project. One thing for sure, we're not going to be a reason for any type of delay and that is Wabtec. Now I can't comment on the railroads and the other participants in the area, but I'm sure -- I assure you that they're working hard to try to meet the deadline and we'll see how it goes. I think the most complex thing that's left is the fact that we have to have a system that inter operates. That means that every one of the railroads could communicate with each other, as well as the transit authorities and that's where a lot of the testing has been focused on in the last few months.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: That's great color. And just last question, when we think about the acquisition environment, I know you said it still feels very active. How many potential -- what's the universe of potential acquisitions out there? I'm not saying what you're looking at right now, but when you think about long-term. Are we thinking about are there hundreds of companies, thousands of potential companies that could fit? I'm just trying to get a sense on the potential universe. And then on...
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think the universe, and it's one of the things we try to do strategically is we always try to keep that, we call it making the pond bigger. Okay. And how do you make the pond bigger? First of all, you look at the markets that you're in and I think that I've been very pleased with the amount of opportunities we've seen in the rail industry, both transit and freight, aftermarket, OEM, wayside versus rolling stock. I think there's a lot of opportunities there. We also, as you know, we have about 15% of our business outside of the rail area. And these are technologies that we know. They're core competencies of ours and that expands that pond of acquisition opportunities that we could look at. What we don't want to do is get into areas that we don't have competencies in and it would distract our management team from doing what we're doing and that is focusing on a very compelling industry and that's the transit and freight rail industries. So I can't quantify it for you, but I can tell you that we have been very pleased with the number of opportunities we get to look at. It's not like you got to go find one and you're desperate to close it. I mean, that's not how we approach it. We have ample opportunities and we're very selective in what we go after.
Operator: And next question comes from Matt Brooklier from Longbow Research.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: I jumped on slightly late but was curious to hear if you provided how much PTC revenue was booked in the quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: We expect -- we had revenues about $50 million in the quarter and that's on track. We expect to have about $200 million of revenues in 2012.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And that $200 million number, I think in the release or maybe I heard somewhere on the call, the number is now slightly above $200 million. Has that changed? Or is that similar kind of expectations to where we were previously?
Albert J. Neupaver: It's pretty similar to where we were. That's kind of -- I think it will be right around the $200 million, probably slightly higher.
Matthew S. Brooklier - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And getting back to the Highway Bill and the bill excluding any language to potentially push out the mandate for PTC implementation, just curious to see if any of your customers were maybe waiting for that bill and waiting for the outcome of that bill with respect to the timing of their PTC kind of product adaptation. Has there been a change in mindset post the Highway Bill getting passed with now no delay language in it?
Albert J. Neupaver: We didn't see a lot of delays because of that. I mean, I think everyone is feverishly working to get there. And I don't think many of the people are holding back. Now maybe -- I think the only area would be the onboard computer. There's a question on how fast you want to do that and I think that if there's any one area they may have held back that would be equipping, not new locomotives, but more of the older locomotives. Until you get into field testing, you wouldn't need them anyway. So I don't think we saw any delay because of it.
Operator: And the next question comes from Kristine Kubacki from Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Can you give us an idea of how much of the PTC this year you expect is outside North America?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think this year we have probably, I would say, 30% outside of the U.S. And transit would be about 20% and 50% would be freight, U.S.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. I guess my question is given that Brazil was a pretty big chunk and you talked about that it's going to be mostly finished this year, I was wondering as we think about the transition for next year, and obviously we didn't get the delay and we're going to more North American-led PTC spending next year. Do you think you can outgrow that $200 million in next year given that there is no delay and the railroads have a lot of spending left to do before the 2015 deadline?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. First, I will address the MRS. There's a big chunk left next year, and not only that, we're on Phase 1 of a 3-phase potential, 4-phase potential. And although the other phases are not a guarantee at this point, I think that if the system is up and running, there's other sections of the railroad where there -- you would expect them to apply this. There's other international projects as well that we are taking a look at. So I think that first of all, our international PTC, we hope will continue into the future and grow. As far as the U.S. spending, as we've said in the past, I think '12 is kind of a little bit of a stepping stone into '13 and '14. I would imagine most of the onboard work would happen in those 2 years, maybe towards the second half of '13, all the way through '14. And that's obviously a big chunk. The other thing is what we haven't quantified and is still out there is there's 21 transit agencies that are going to need to have some form of train control that's going to have to inter-operate with the Class Is. Although those projects, some are small some are large, I think we've only announced signing contracts with 2 of them right now, and that's Metrolink that we'll have something operating next year and the other one's in Denver. And the Denver project, we have about $63 million in setting up the system, but we also have components that add to that. And that project will run all the way out to late 2014 into 2015 since it's a new railroad. So I guess what we're saying is that we expect it to grow.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: That's great. That helps out a lot. I guess, maybe you're answering my question -- my next question is, in the past you talked a little bit about competition on the PTC side, whether it was through licensing but not as much lately. Do you think that there is competitive pressure still out there that you have to do something? Or because of the speed of most of these projects that, that prohibits that at this point?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think there's always competition and that's why -- and I think other people are involved in the whole PTC implementation. I mean, we're working very closely with a lot of our customers, competitors. It's a total system. I mean, what we're supplying is only part of that system. We have the ability to put a turnkey installation in with our engineering and design capabilities, but we still have to rely on a lot other people to interface with us. So that interface will continue, and whether we'll see some competition at some point on the specific products that we offer, that's always a possibility. Never underestimate your competition.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: I know you've got a chunk of debt. I think it's at 6 7/8...
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, you don't need to bring that up. Okay?
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: It's kind of high, that's why I'm bringing it up. Just wondering what's going to happen with that...
Albert J. Neupaver: The -- that -- Alvaro can explain it better than me, so I'll let him explain, but I don't think it's callable.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm not sure what the question is, Greg.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Well, it's obviously coming due in 2013, and I'm just wondering which part of the year it's due. I don't know exactly when and what you plan to do with that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. It's due in July. And we have enough room right now in the revolver to be able to basically redeem those bonds and we expect to maintain that amount. If for some reason we did something, say a large acquisition, for example, that caused that amount to not be enough to decrease, we would actually increase the facility. But we are planning for that so that we basically we don't -- like you all do, we don't want that liability turning current. And as long as we maintain the ability to redeem those bonds under the revolver, we're okay. So we got that covered. And the question is what we do then and it's still -- obviously, we're in a very, very favorable environment and there are a number of options open to us, and as we get closer to the redemption date, then we'll evaluate those options and go from there.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And you mentioned the cash amount, $234 million. Where is that located geographically? And if it's outside the U.S., any plans to repatriate any of that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: See the benefit of that cash, it's mostly outside of the U.S. We have some here in the U.S. and will apply that against the revolver in the normal course of events. But the large majority of that is outside the U.S. And one of the benefits of these foreign acquisitions like the Bearward, the Bearward utilized a lot of our euro cash balances, and Mors Smitt utilized the remaining portion for the most part of our euro cash balances. But we can take some others from other countries and apply it there, it just takes some time to transfer it tax efficiently. But over time, we should be able to take some of that cash and use it for foreign acquisitions.
Albert J. Neupaver: And that's why we keep it over there is for our growth opportunities.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. Great. And one last one. There's obviously been a lot of discussion on PTC, but I think what could be bigger over the long, long term is the ECP. Just wondering if you could make any comments on your latest contract there and what you see going forward.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we're really excited about that technology and I think that if you add the 2 contracts together that we got down in Rio Tinto in Australia, you're looking at $21 million and $29 million. So you have $50 million being invested by just one railroad in Australia, and they're definitely seeing the benefits. I think the benefits are very clear. I think that this technology will eventually be adopted globally. It's just going to take time. It is a very expensive investment for the railroads and you've got to get a return on your investment. I think the biggest problem that we have in the U.S. is the way we run our railroads where you take railcars from 1 -- Class 1 and you carry it so far then you give it to another and you have -- a lot of the product is leased. So, the person that's buying the car is not the one getting the benefit from it. The only kind of no-brainer application for these -- for this technology right now is unit trains. And these are trains that would run back and forth and be owned by the operator. And we've seen pilots and some growth in that area. We're running tests now in South America on large freight trains. We've had -- the product has been adopted in South Africa and Australia. So yes, I think it's going to be a bigger opportunity over time. I just think it's going to take a long time, and I'm talking multiple years out before this technology is adopted.
Operator: And the next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Do you -- you talked about the transit growth rate being better in the back half and getting some contribution from locomotive. Can you quantify what you expect those growth rates to be and maybe tell us how big the contribution will be from locomotive?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, what we're going to see -- I can't quantify it for you, Steve, but what I will tell you, if you look at a 60,000 railcar build then we've seen 35,000 already delivered, our forecast would indicate there'd be less rail cars build if you believe the 60,000, which some people are putting out. On the positive side, we've got the contribution of acquisitions, which you could quantify and then we have contribution that is favorable from our locomotive contracts, some of which is going to flow out in the second half. So you could get pretty close to figuring that out. Okay?
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just in terms of the locomotive contribution, can you tell us how that margin compares to the rest of transit or just help us think about what the margin on that could be?
Albert J. Neupaver: That margin would be less than the company average.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But more than the rest of transit?
Albert J. Neupaver: Could be about the same.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And since you brought up rail cars, shale plays have obviously been a huge catalyst for this railcar cycle. Tank orders are now 70% of backlog. I'm just curious, is the backlog ever been this concentrated towards one car type and does that matter to you?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, the only reason why it matters is the message that you read into it. They're the type of car, really, where agnostic it doesn't matter. But when you see that concentration, I think you're talking about, correct me if I'm wrong, but 83% of the orders were in tank cars, I think.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I think that's right.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, and if you look at the other categories, if you were an optimist, how you would view that is there was such a concentration in tank cars, the other ones will catch up. If you're a pessimist, you'll say, "Well, the tank car can't carry the load forever." And one thing for sure, we're not going to see a lot of coal cars going forward. And the covered hopper I think got ahead of itself, and probably, tank cars is getting ahead of itself. But you still have to support the intermodal. And there wasn't a lot of intermodal activity on orders or deliveries.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: See, I don't think we've ever done a statistical summary of like how much in any one period is one particular type of car. But I know just from having been around a little bit, I mean, I remember when coal cars were real hot because you have the aluminum coal cars planning -- which are much lighter and much more efficient planning the older cars, then intermodal was real hot. And so you do go through periods in a market where a certain type of car will predominate over others. And you have just a wide variety of cars that over the long term they can average out.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think the only one that's ever been consistent is tank cars during my 5 or 6 years -- 6, 7 years here. Tank cars have seen -- they've always been the more consistent one. But intermodal with traffic up 5, over 5% at some point...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Changing the life over certain periods and...
Albert J. Neupaver: And covered hoppers have come back. It depends on the harvest and not just on frac-ing.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. And as you guys are well aware, there's 4 manufacturers of tank cars, one of which is private. Do you have an opinion on industry capacity per quarter or per year for tank cars?
Albert J. Neupaver: We should know, I should know better but I don't know it off the top of my head. I've seen statistics of what the capacity was, but I'd be guessing if I gave it to you so I...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Our preference is they don't expand capacity build them all and then a little bit of a slump and have to shut down. We actually prefer a smoothing of that curve a little bit. And they seem to be able to be handling it right now. We're not hearing that anybody's backed up that can't meet delivery dates, I'll put it to you that way.
Operator: And the next question comes from Samuel Eisner from William Blair.
Samuel H. Eisner - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just had a couple of quick questions here. Maybe if we look at the margins, obviously, you had pretty substantial year-on-year margin expansion here. Is there a way to kind of parse out what buckets you really gained in that margin expansion? Is it primarily leverage? Is it pricing? Is there a way to kind of drill down and see where you guys really gained the leverage on the margin?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we do drill down, Sam, and there's no question, contribution margin when you're at I think 22% when compared to last year's quarter, that is pretty good for us. I think volume is obviously a large factor, but it's not the only factor. When we get into our budgeting cycle, we look for every division to come in with some type of improvement on through our Wabtec Performance System, through sourcing and pricing, and we track that every month. And that we -- it's called priority deployment. Every division has goals and objectives for those and we plot it. So we could break it down individually on how much each of those contribute to that margin improvement on a divisional basis, and if you roll it up, you'll see the volume impact. But volume helps. Volume helps you cover mistakes. There's no question about it. But the other areas are contributing and they're significant.
Samuel H. Eisner - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: From a pricing standpoint, I mean, how has the pricing in the second quarter relate to the first quarter and maybe against last year?
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't have that information that I could give you off the top of my head. I could tell you that pricing has improved quarter-on-quarter. It's a small amount. There's -- but it has improved. I think on an annual basis, if we were able to get 0.5% out of pricing, we'd be very happy.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And one of the benefits of the environment is you don't -- this is kind of addition by subtraction, I guess. But you're not expected to cut your prices as you would if things slowed down. So actually that helps pricing as well, that you're actually getting your price. You're not getting that large and increase but you're not subject as much to discount as well.
Samuel H. Eisner - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: ; Understood. And then you mentioned on the MRS contract that this is really only Phase 1 of the -- the Phase 1, I guess, equates to about $162 million of revenue for you guys. I mean would Phases 2, 3 and 4 be of similar size? What is the...
Albert J. Neupaver: It's a fraction of that. It's probably -- if everything went, it would be probably less than half.
Samuel H. Eisner - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So Phases 2, 3 and 4 would be less than half of Phase 1?
Albert J. Neupaver: Wait, Pat's corrected me. Hold on. What do you think it is, Pat?
Patrick D. Dugan: It's about equal if all those phases...
Albert J. Neupaver: If all 4 phases...
Patrick D. Dugan: Yes. I think that's probably closer, yes.
Samuel H. Eisner - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of timing of how those projects are being bid on, I mean, are those currently being looked at? I mean, what do you think...
Albert J. Neupaver: There's no discussion. We've got to get this operating before it's even discussed and that's probably why it's on the tip of my tongue here.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We want to go ahead and finish the contract, make sure we're operating properly, then we'll do the other ones.
Operator: And the next question is from Liam Burke from Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Al, you have 2 major transit competitors in the international markets. Part of the discussion has been, "Look, we are a viable #3 and we can take share." How are you making -- are you making progress in that area?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we're making good progress. We've got components that are being qualified and tested and certified. We've got some systems that we're selling, and they're small platforms, but they'll grow over time. So we're making good progress.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Great. And Alvaro, $44 million is what you expect to come in on the CapEx side this year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, somewhere around there.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Are there any outstanding projects in there, or is that just maintenance to support your expected growth?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm sorry, I didn't catch what you said, Liam. Are there any, what kind of projects...
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Do you have any onetime projects in that number or is it just supporting your normal growth?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It's -- I'd say most of it is supporting the normal growth, a little bit of replacement. We legally try to do what other people do, which is make it last one more year, but there's always a normal replacement cycle, but it's more growth and expansion and trying to fulfill strategy than anything else.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Okay. And there are no more questions...
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you very much.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, everybody. See you in a few months.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your phone lines. Thank you for participating, and have a nice day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review Thomas Wilkins
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thanks, Amy. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to Wabtec's earnings call for the first quarter of 2012. Let me introduce the other people we have here in the room: Our President and CEO, Al Neupaver; Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; Ray Betler, our Chief Operating Officer; and Pat Dugan, our Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller.  We've got some prepared remarks that we'll make, then we'll be happy to take your questions. Of course, during the call, we will make some forward-looking statements, so please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al, go ahead.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. We had a strong operating performance in the first quarter, with record sales of $583 million and record earnings per diluted share of $1.22. The company really hit on all cylinders during the quarter, which led us to preannounce the results and increase our guidance for the year.  As we'll discuss, our performance was driven by strong growth in our Freight Group. Our overall business is performing very well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System, which I'll talk a little bit about today.  We are in compelling growth markets around the world, and we remain excited about our future opportunities. As I mentioned, a couple of weeks ago we increased our guidance for the year, and today we affirm that. Based on our first quarter results and current outlook, we expect our full year earnings per diluted share to be about $4.80, with sales growth now expected to be about 15% for the year. This EPS guidance is about 35% higher than our GAAP EPS last year, and 12% higher than the guidance we announced earlier in the year.  Our guidance has some assumptions. Our assumptions are: The global economy grows modestly, that freight rail traffic improves with the economy, our transit markets remain stable and no major changes in foreign exchange rates. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling costs, focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond decisively to any changes in market conditions.  Let me talk a little bit about the freight rail market. In North America, rail traffic is mixed so far this year. Through mid-April, car loadings were down 1.8%. But if you exclude coal, car loadings were actually up 2.9%. Intermodal, meanwhile, was up 3.6%. Of the 20 traffic categories that are tracked, 13 are up so far this year, with particular strength in autos, metals and petroleum products. The OEM market drivers are positive in 2012. Forecasters are now expecting that about 55,000 new freight cars will be delivered in 2012. That compares to about 48,000 in 2011. Nearly 17,000 cars were delivered in the first quarter. The backlog remains at about 60,000 cars, and it appears that new car orders have stabilized.  As for new locomotives, including kits, the industry should surpass 1,200 units this year, compared to almost 1,100 in 2011. Globally, freight markets remain fairly healthy as well. In China, for example, railway cargo hit a record high in March, with tonnage increasing by 4% in the first quarter. In the U.K., freight traffic was up about 13% in the most recent quarter. And Brazil and Australia also continued to be strong, although future growth depends heavily on China's economy.  Let's switch now to the transit market. We continue to see stable markets in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S., ridership was up 3.7% in the fourth quarter and 2.3% for all of 2011. In 2012, transit car deliveries will be about 1,000, slightly up from last year, and bus deliveries will be about 4,500, slightly down from last year.  Looking at U.S. federal funding, Congress passed another extension for the existing Transportation Bill. This one will last until July 1. You must remember that the Transportation Bill expired back in September 2009, and what we have seen is just extension after extension. It's really very uncertain when a new Transportation Bill might be passed, but it seems very unlikely to happen this year.  However, you must remember that the funding has remained at about the same during these temporary extensions. But a multiyear bill would give transit agencies the planning horizon they need to dust off long-term projects. It would also be a positive indication when a long-term bill is passed for transit. Many agencies are faced with a dilemma: As ridership is increasing, state and local funding remains tight, so some have been forced to make service cuts.  Outside of the U.S., transit is more a part of the culture and the economy, and we're seeing growth in some of the key markets. China's passenger traffic increased almost 3% in the most recent month. Traffic was up 8% in the U.K. Even during these difficult economic times in Europe, funding for transit projects has remained steady.  We will continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Cash remains a priority for us. We are focused on increasing free cash flow by managing costs, driving down working capital, controlling capital expenditures. Cash provides the opportunity to invest in organic growth and acquisitions and return money directly to the shareholders in a variety of ways.  At the end of the first quarter, our balance sheet remains very healthy, with net debt of only $117 million. Going forward, we will continue to invest in our 4 strategic growth opportunities: Global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new products and technology, acquisitions.  Let's talk about a little bit of progress on those growth strategies. For global and market expansion area, sales outside of the U.S. were $291 million, $46 million higher than first quarter of 2011, now running at about half of our total sales versus about 1/3 just 5 years ago. Growth in the quarter was driven by sales of new locomotives in Australia, our train control project in Brazil, aftermarket sales in the U.K. and an acquisition of Bearward in the U.K., which closed in the fourth quarter last year.  If we look at aftermarket expansion, our second growth strategy, overall aftermarket sales were $321 million. That was 55% of our total revenues. This grew by 29% compared to the prior year quarter.  In the aftermarket expansion area, we also benefited from service growth from the U.S., as well as train control project in Brazil and overall projects in the United Kingdom.  As far as new products, sales in new products last year were about 35% of our total sales, which demonstrates our focus on this strategy. Our new product programs are both evolutionary, such as our next-generation end of train device, and more revolutionary, such as positive train control. Positive train control continues to be a growth driver for us, with sales expected to exceed $200 million during this year. That compares to about $125 million in 2011.  Our fourth growth strategy of acquisitions. We completed several transactions last year: Bearward, Fulmer Traction (sic) [Fulmer Company], Brush Traction and an aftermarket transit business. We continue to review an active pipeline of candidates. Acquisitions not only help us to drive top line growth, but they also offer the opportunity for margin improvement as we fully integrate them and apply the principles of the Wabtec Performance System.  Before I turn it over to Alvaro to talk about some of the financial numbers, I'd like to talk a bit more about our Wabtec Performance System because we think it's part of the reason we've been able to generate cash and show improved margins over the years. The Wabtec Performance System consists of 3 pillars. Those pillars are Lean principles, product development, quality/customer service, and we strive to improve in each of these areas. In the Lean area, our Lean focus is on continuous margin improvement and eliminating waste in everything we do, from manufacturing to administrative processes. As part of this effort, we look for lower-cost sources of raw materials around the world, and over time, we expect to migrate our production to lower-cost Wabtec platforms and locations. We also strive to offset any commodity inflation with escalators and surcharges, and we selectively increase prices based on market conditions.  Lean has been a hallmark of our culture for the past 20 years. It still provides a never-ending stream of improvement opportunities, as you can see from our margin and cash generation in the recent years. We track our progress monthly using a variety of internal metrics such as quality, on-time delivery, safety.  Last year, we held more than 600 Kaizen activities throughout the corporation. That's about 20% more than the prior year. We plan to hold even more this year. In 2010, we started an internal Lean certification program for all of our employees, and we expect that more than half of our workforce will be certified at Level 1 by the end of this year. And keep in mind, our employment numbers keep growing as we add acquisitions. Our focus on Lean is ongoing and continues to generate meaningful results and benefits.  With that, I'll turn it over to Alvaro.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thanks, Al, and good morning, everyone. We're proud of the results for this quarter, and I'm pleased to be able to review them with you today.  Our sales for the first quarter were a record $583 million, 28% higher than last year. Of this increase, about 70% was from organic growth. Freight Group sales were up about 50%, with most of that coming from internal growth initiatives, as well as rebounding markets, primarily here in the States and in North America.  Aftermarket growth was mainly from expanding our PTC revenues and our service revenues as well. But however, OEM sales were up 60% as well from increasing demand for components for new locomotives and freight cars, locomotives sales in Australia and the acquisition of Bearward that Al mentioned as well.  Transit Group sales for the most part were pretty stable, as acquisitions and higher aftermarket revenues mostly offset higher -- I'm sorry, mostly offset slightly lower OE sales. Our OE sales were higher last year because of a large locomotive order, which was in process in Q1. Some of this capacity in our locomotive manufacturing facility was shifted to Freight this year for the orders in Australia, which are classified as Freight.  In terms of income from operations, we had a strong performance this quarter, with a record $94 million of profit. This was up 42% compared to last year. Operating margin was 16.1% versus 14.6% last year.  Margin performance -- the increasing margin performance was driven by several factors: Higher sales volume, a favorable product mix with more freight sales and benefits from the Wabtec Performance System, as Al discussed.  SG&A increased due mainly to acquisitions and other factors, but it was 10.6% of sales compared to 12% of sales in the year-ago quarter, demonstrating the benefit of leverage as well as our cost reduction efforts.  Interest and other was about the same. Interest expense was about the same. There's a minor item in other expense, which was mostly due to paper FX translation losses.  The effective tax rate was about 34.4%, a little less than last year. That rate will fluctuate, but for modeling purposes, you can expect it to be somewhere around 34% going forward.  Cash from operations and working capital. Cash from operations in the first quarter was only $1 million, which was lower than what you might expect. This result was due to a couple of factors. Primarily, it was due to increases in receivables and inventories due to our sharply higher sales, but also, we had the negative effect of funding year-end items in the first quarter, such as incentive comp, federal and state taxes, benefit payments and other associated liabilities. If you look back to prior years, you'll see that cash from operations in the first quarter is usually sequentially low for these reasons, and then it tends to increase in the succeeding quarters.  Working capital, as I mentioned, increased in the first quarter. Receivables were $396 million, up about $50 million from last year, from the year end. Inventories were $371 million, up $23 million. One item that affects inventories, and it's affecting it more and more, is our expansion of sourcing programs into other low-cost countries outside of North America. This causes inventory balances, obviously, to increase due to lead ordering times and shipping. However, we think there are still plenty of opportunities to reduce working capital, and we've initiated some new programs which we think will help. Obviously, this is a continuing target for us, and we'd like to reduce some of these balances going forward. Cash, we still have very healthy balances at March 31. We had about $269 million in cash compared to $286 million at year end, and debt, total debt, we had $386 million on March 31 compared to $396 million at year end.  A few of the other miscellaneous items we cover as part of the discussion here. Depreciation was $7.1 million compared to $7.4 million in last year's quarter. Amortization was pretty stable, $3.1 million in both quarters. And CapEx was $10.2 million versus $7.4 million last year. For the year, we had CapEx of about $44 million versus -- I'm sorry, for this year, we're expecting CapEx of about $44 million versus $38 million last year.  In terms of backlog, we have another record multiyear and 12-month backlog, so backlogs continue to increase. The multiyear backlog, which is the total backlog, was up 3% compared to year end. This was a total of $1.6 billion. In Transit, $895 million, which was the highest in 4 years. In Freight, it was $694 million. Then the rolling 12-month backlog, which is the backlog that we expect to execute in the next 12 months, was up 10% compared to year end. A total record of $1.2 billion; in Transit, again, another record of $598 million, almost $600 million; and in Freight, $577 million, the second highest ever.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Al for a quick summary.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again, we're off to a strong start for the year, with record sales and earnings, good margin performance and a record backlog. Our 2012 guidance is now, for EPS at $4.80 on revenue growth of about 15%. Longer-term, we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities we see ahead. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that has truly taken advantage of our growth opportunities. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Art Hatfield at Raymond James.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Al, you had mentioned, walked through your guidance for the year, and you had earlier commented on that industry analysts are projecting roughly 55,000 deliveries of freight cars for the full year 2012. Is it safe to assume that your guidance includes that number and that if we get something meaningfully higher than that at the end of the year that, that could have a positive impact on your results?
Albert J. Neupaver: That's the number that we have. That's the assumption that we've made for our guidance. That's correct, Art.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. Just a couple other ones. I'm sure you saw the industry data that came out yesterday. The market reacted somewhat negatively to the fact that, that backlog was down in Q1 relative to where it was at Q4, kind of meaningfully. Can you kind of walk how you think about that? And I guess, the assumption that the market takes from that data is that the market's cooling off and that demand for freight cars is starting to roll over and we've reached the peak of the cycle, in essence. Can you talk a little bit about that, how we can think about that maybe in a more positive light?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think -- I chose the word when, in my prepared remarks carefully, and that is "stabilized." I think that the market is stabilizing. When you look at first quarter to first quarter, last year there was an anomaly in that 36,000 were ordered. This year, it's around 12,000. Last quarter it was 16,000. So the backlog, with deliveries around 17,000, it did drop by about a little over 4,000 cars. From my standpoint and what we know, we think it's basically stabilized. And if you look at the rate of deliveries, that would -- I'm sure that's the reason why you asked the first question. If you analyzed the 17,000, you'd get a lot more than the 15,000 we're talking about. So I think the market's stabilized. I don't think it's anything more than that.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Final question. And you had addressed a little bit what you did with your operating margins in the quarter. Can we think about your business -- has anything changed meaningfully due to what you've done through the Wabtec Performance System or with the acquisitions that you made, that maybe, how we should be thinking about the margin capability of this business? Is there anything that's caused it to really change the range that this business should operate at?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we've continually talked about continuous improvement, and that's how we view our approach to margins. Just to refresh everyone's memory, when we go into our budgeting session, we ask every division to do 2 things. One, they're asked to take a look at their current margin and develop a plan that would allow for margin expansion. The typical goal would be about 2%. We realize that the whole 2% is never going to flow to the bottom line, if we get maybe 0.5% of it, because you've got inflation, you've got wage increases, you've got other issues that all impact that. But if we could get a small increase in margin from each of the 45 reporting divisions, then you add it up and the end result is that we continuously improve. If you'd take a look back to 2005, 2006, the operating margin, which we like to focus on, was in the, maybe the 10%, 11% range, and now we've broken the 16% operating margin range. And we hope that we could continue to improve that. That's why I really focused on the Wabtec Performance System today a little bit because that's the result of it. So a lot of little things. There's no one drastic change, there's no one fundamental change in our business structure. It's just trying to continuously to do, get rid of waste and the things I've talked about.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. And I apologize, but I've got one last one. Alvaro, did you mention what your CapEx budget for 2012 is?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I think that I mentioned that we expect about $44 million this year versus about -- let me check just to make sure. But I think...
Albert J. Neupaver: $38 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: $44 million versus $38 million, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Kristine Kubacki at Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question on the sales guidance, up 15%, which is very robust. But given that what you did in the first quarter, and if I kind of look out over the next 3 quarters, it looks relatively flat to down. Can you tell us how much this is due to a conservative view, maybe on the economy? Or is there something unique about the first quarter, why it surged ahead?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, it has to do with conservatism. I don't know if it's conservatism about the economy. I think it's more about our conservatism. And when you look at the performance in the first quarter, we did hit on all cylinders, as we said. And it is the first quarter, and we just don't want to get ahead of ourselves.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Nothing wrong with that. Can you give us a little -- I would have thought that maybe the aftermarket, in terms of freight aftermarket -- I know you ran through the aftermarket numbers, but given that coal traffic was down so significantly in the quarter, did that impact the freight aftermarket in any way? Or was it just purely offset by the rest of the rail traffic out there? I would have thought that maybe heavier car loads and slower car loads, like coal traffic, would have been a higher user aftermarket?
Albert J. Neupaver: We did see the impact because of the warm winter. And if you look at first quarter 2012 aftermarket for Freight, it was about 52% of our sales. This year, it was 47%. But some of that because we had so much growth in some of the OE markets. But we did see an impact. That's normally our best quarter of the year for our Global Services group, and we saw the impact that there just wasn't as much traffic related to coal in the warm weather. When it's colder, there's a lot more damage and repair that is necessary.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then you brought up Europe, and that spending there is stable. I was hoping you could give us a little more color about what is going on in Europe and how -- specifically how your penetration into that market, if there have been any breakthroughs on any significant contracts over there.
Albert J. Neupaver: We continue to make progress. We -- I think, last time we talked about some of the orders that we landed. We have a small order that we received. It's going to go on the transit system in Warsaw. It's a Siemens project. We've been actively quoting on some of the new platforms. We've got continued component sales. We're pleased that we're making progress. We'd like to make a little more progress faster, but I think it's going to take time, as we've always said, in order to penetrate that market. And we're pretty happy with where we're at today.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger at KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I heard you say that PTC is going to run around $200 million this year, but did you say what it was in the quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: In the quarter, it was $50 million.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you did $125 million last year. $200 million this year is your guidance. That suggests there are only going to be -- there's only about $175 million left for 2013, '14 and '15. Is that right or is there any update to your guidance? How should we think about that?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, as far as -- what do you mean by guidance?
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You said $250 million to $500 million.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, and keep in mind that the $250 million to $500 million was related to onboard equipment only. We talk about 3 different areas of PTC revenue. One is from the onboard computer, and that's really where we got the $250 million to $500 million. And last time, we actually went through this on the call, but I'll try to do it again for you if I could find my PTC files. Basically, the 3 component market segments we talked about was the U.S. freight railroad opportunity, $250 million to $500 million. The second was the U.S. freight opportunity from transit agencies. And keep in mind that we've already announced that we have 2 major contracts, one for -- I think it's $63 million at Denver, and Metrolink Los Angeles, $27 million. A third component of that number is the PTC market internationally, and we had inked the contract for the MRS railroad in Brazil for $165 million. And we've been actually getting revenues from that. I think of the $50 million, $15 million of that was related -- in the first quarter, related to the PTC sales. So when we talk about $250 million to $500 million, I just want to remind everyone that, that wasn't the total, using your term, guidance, or opportunity. The opportunity was larger than that. It's just separated into those 3 segments.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Of the -- $15 million, that was international, so the remaining $35 million, was that more U.S. Freight or is that coming through on the Transit side? And I guess I'm trying to understand how the Class 1s are structuring the cadence of that revenue spend.
Albert J. Neupaver: It was through both. And what was the second question, Steve?
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I was just trying to get a better sense for how the Class 1s are thinking about their revenue spend over in 2012 and in '13 and '14 for the big PTC project that we typically talk about in the U.S. Freight.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that the railroads have put out numbers relative to PTC. And I can't remember the exact numbers on each of them, But they don't expect the number to be that much greater this year than it was last year, and it would go up in '13 and '14.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So for that project, it's -- the bulk of it is yet to come?
Albert J. Neupaver: That's correct.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And thinking about the Freight segment, specifically, are there any big puts and takes that will cause a sequential drop in revenue in 2Q? Or should we be thinking that this run rate of around $400 million is the right ballpark relative to volume, price, mix, PTC, acquisition benefit? Is that where you're going to come in, plus or minus, you think?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I think relatively speaking, Steve, Q2 will be relatively flat, relatively stable, in comparison to Q1 in terms of freight production. Like Al mentioned, and you know you've mentioned as well, the freight market is stabilizing, which actually, we think is a positive because it was -- they were basically ordering at an unsustainable rate before, and it's nice to see them go down to a nice level ordering pattern. So we actually view that as a positive, and we see relatively stable revenues Q2 to Q1.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so just thinking about your guidance, broadly speaking, do you think that EPS is basically level-loaded across the quarters? Do you think it's going to look basically like 1Q?
Albert J. Neupaver: The only thing we see is quarter 3 is normally our weakest quarter. Other than that, that's the only seasonality that we would expect.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. But still you must be thinking about some margin expansion in the back half. If your guidance is predicated on 55,000 deliveries, that's a pretty nice drop off in the back half. So you should be thinking margins go up?
Albert J. Neupaver: You could make up your own model. We have ours.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one more, and I'll just get back in line. Did you give the mix of international sales in the quarter? And can you tell us what the growth rate for international is right now?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, international was about 50% for Q1 of '12, and that's pretty stable, again. In the fourth quarter of '11, it was about 47%. Last year, it was about 51% in the first quarter. So it's hovering right around that 50% level.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Any change in growth rates or is that relatively stable, too?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That's relatively stable, as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Allison Poliniak at Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was surprised to see, I guess, Transit backlog growing so nicely sequentially. Can you kind of talk about what drove that this quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: Some of the things that we were able to book were related primarily to locomotives in the Transit area, and that's what's driving that backlog.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then Alvaro, you had just touched on some programs to work on working capital. Is there anything that can you can elaborate on with those?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Actually, I can give you a lot of details, I think. And we're doing a lot of work, and somehow it ended up on my plate. But basically, what we're trying to do is do a micro-level effort on a unit-by-unit basis and trying to determine why working capital may increase or why working capital is not at an optimum level and what we can do to get it there. And what we're trying to do, again, it's a very detailed answer, but this is what we're trying to do. What we're trying to do on a unit-by-unit basis is determine what their optimal working capital balances should be. And obviously, with the number of operating units that we have and the variety of markets we serve, each one's going to be different. But each one should have an optimal working capital level, and then we're going to try to drive each unit to that working capital level. And it's going to take some time. It's not going to be an overnight success. But we believe over time it should reduce working capital balances and strengthen our cash flow, which obviously is a key component of our success.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group at Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Just as a follow-up on that last question on the Transit backlog. Should we expect that the Transit revenue to start improving right away in the second quarter with the improved backlog? And then just maybe a little bit of color. Within the 15% total revenue growth for the year, how are you thinking about that in terms of Freight versus Transit?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. We don't expect the Transit to pick up until the second half. Most of that backlog will start flowing out in the third, with the fourth quarter being the strongest. When you look at the growth, we still think we're going to get growth in both segments. The Freight segment will be much -- we'll get more growth from the Freight segment than we will from Transit. But Transit will grow during 2012.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. In terms of PTC, I understand that the rail spending should accelerate in '13 and '14, assuming that we don't get a delay in PTC spend. Do you think that your PTC revenue will track, that the rails -- and that '13 is a higher year than what you're going to see in '12?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think for that segment of our PTC revenues, you're exactly right. What we've seen so far is that there's been some ordering for the onboard equipment, but they've got a long way to go to outfit the 18,000 to 20,000 locomotives. I would think right now that probably no more than maybe 3,000 or 4,000 cars have been equipped or locomotives have been equipped.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And are you hearing anything new or different out of D.C. with respect to possible delays in PTC? Are you -- is it your sense that if this thing gets addressed, it's whenever they do a longer term Highway Bill, and probably not for '13?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it's going to tied to the Highway Bill, if anything. I think there's still a lot of fact-finding going on right now because of the statements that were made, and they're trying to determine exactly where -- how much progress has been made and how far along we are. There's a lot of work being done to get this done by the deadline. No one has quit their effort to try to do that. And I think any kind of delay is going to be more of a political type of decision if this Transportation Bill ever gets passed.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: That makes sense. And then, just last thing. So you guys have had great success on the acquisition front, I think averaging, give or take, 5 per year for the past couple of years. What's your level of conviction that we'll see a couple come in at some point over the course of this year?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we stay still very focused on acquiring companies. We're definitely going to continue to be very particular about the companies we acquire, and we're going to be opportunistic and make sure it's a good strategic fit for us. And I'm sure you will see additional acquisitions into the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Liam Burke at Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Al, you mentioned China in both Transit and Freight. Obviously, there have been several revisions, I think, on the prospects of the Chinese economy. How is that translating into how you're seeing the business in 2012?
Albert J. Neupaver: For China specifically?
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, what we've seen in China is that -- well, let me give you a little bit of data that maybe this will help shed some light on it. But if you look at what they spent in railway infrastructure construction, railway area, in 2010. In 2011, they cut that back by 42%. When you go from '11 to '12, they're going to cut it back another 15%. But that number is still $63 billion equivalent, okay. The U.S., if we're lucky, out of the spend, it's around $10 billion for the U.S. transit market. So you could see that their investment is still huge and there's a good opportunity there. Now their investment is down in that area. They also have lowered the speed of the trains that they were running at, I think it was 300 kilometers per hour, they've lowered that down closer to the 200 kilometers per hour. The impact that's had on us is that we sell a lot of friction products in that market. So if they run the trains slow, we see less usage of the friction products. The expenditures in the Transit area as well as the Freight area continued to go at a pretty high pace, and we still see opportunities for growth in that market. As the corruption problem and the issues they have, have an impact and made them reset some of their goals and objectives, yes, as I tried to explain in the investment area. But it's still a massive market with a great opportunity, and we're in a position to hopefully continue to take advantage of that opportunity.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Great. And on one of your focuses, on continuous improvement initiatives have been to move the price needle upward where you can see that. In general, how has the pricing been in the market?
Albert J. Neupaver: It's been tough. You have to really be selective and it's in areas where you really are offering a product and a benefit that the customer sees the value in that. But the market has been tough to get those price increases. That's why we need to be so disciplined on the cost side, especially when you look at the commodity inflation changes in some of the cases we've seen in the last year or 2 years.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Albrecht at BB&T.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: A couple of housekeeping items, and then I want to go back to the revenue discussion. First of all, Alvaro, did you give the shareholders' equity? And then Al, I heard you give a 2011 ridership, but I couldn't tell if there was Q1 ridership figure, and then your latest loco forecast for '12?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Okay. In terms of shareholders' equity, I'll take the easy one and leave the other ones for Al. It was about $1.24 billion. Obviously, that may be subject to some minor adjustments when we release the Q, but right now, that's the preliminary number.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. We don't have any 2012 ridership numbers. The numbers I gave are all 2011. [indiscernible] And the locomotive build is 1,200 units this year compared to 1,100 in 2011.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, great. And then let me explore that 15% growth rate for revenues. What sort of an organic kind of growth rate are you thinking about in that number? Last year, your organic revenues grew a little over 22%. So just trying to understand how much of that. I think you gave a number, Alvaro, I wasn't sure if it was Freight or total, that 70% of the...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I was comparing it to last year, Tom. This is obviously...
Albert J. Neupaver: Quarter-on-quarter, we had -- 28% of our growth was related to acquisitions, okay. That's first quarter '11 to first quarter '12. We only had -- if you look at our acquisitions that we had, last year, there was one in the first quarter that would not be included at all in the 15% basically. We had 2 smaller ones that were maybe $15 million apiece. The only one that would contribute much to the 15% growth is the Bearward, which was maybe $70 million, and we closed that in the fourth quarter. So some of that is in that 15% growth. Obviously, there's no new acquisitions in that number. So really, the only -- I would think that we're going to be seeing mostly internal growth, will be very similar as we look quarter-to-quarter as we go forward.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Let me put a slightly different slant on it, Tom. If you compare the first quarter of '12 to Q4 of '11, we only had about $11 million of incremental revenues from acquisitions. So what happens if you make one midway through the prior year and as you go through the succeeding year, the incremental difference, obviously, decreases. So I think you're going to see that most from that 15% is organic. So again, just from the Q4 last year to Q1 this year, we only had about $11 million of acquisitions -- I'm sorry revenue from acquisitions.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Right. That's helpful. And then over the years, it's always been a little bit tricky to figure out Transit in the June quarter. I know you spoke about the second half resuming growth, particularly by Q4. But last year's Transit revenues did rise in the June quarter from the March quarter. I can't tell how much of that was maybe weather-impacted systems that carried on, how much of that was ridership, et cetera.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think one thing that you've got to be careful in Transit, we have a lot of big contracts and we get some locomotive orders that will come through in a particular quarter. And that's some of the things that will drive some of the revenue that we'll see in the third and fourth quarters.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, and that's what I alluded to in my comments, Thomas, as well, because we have a certain capacity to build locomotives. Sometimes that can be Freight, as it was in this quarter when we delivered freight locomotives to Australia. And in other times, that can be Transit when we deliver locomotives for transit agencies. So you can see a switch back and forth, and it's not really that the business is increasing or decreasing. It's just that you're having a slight switch in some of these from Transit to Freight and vice versa.
Albert J. Neupaver: If you look at our Transit revenue over the last couple of years, it really has been pretty stable, within a 10% range or so.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So in your comment about the third quarter has always been your seasonally weakest, that applies, from your comments, to both Freight and Transit. It's correct?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, it's correct.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Halter at Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: I wonder if you could provide where you think the amortization expense will go for the next couple of quarters. It's been sometimes $4 million, sometimes $3 million. I just wanted to get a handle on why...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Basically, what happens with amortization is as you have acquisitions, you basically have to write up intangibles in connection with those acquisitions. So it's hard to give a number without being able to forecast acquisitions, obviously. But given where we are right now, you should see -- it should be relatively stable to a gradual decrease as some of these assets are fully amortized and taken off the books. But for modeling purposes, I think you can assume the current number with maybe a slight decrease, 5% to 10% maybe, or something like that, not a whole lot. And then you might have to recalculate when we do the next acquisition, assuming it's a substantial size.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay, great. And I wonder if you could provide some comments on the non-rail products and how those are performing.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, non-rail makes up about 15% of our revenues. They're performing quite well. There's been a lot of activity and growth. As you know, the Bearward acquisition was part of that non-rail group. They produce heat exchangers that are sold in the power generation area and that has been -- we've seen some nice growth in that particular area. We've seen growth in some of our friction applications outside of rail as well, so it is contributing to our growth and success.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And any comments that you may have on the ECP initiative?
Albert J. Neupaver: ECP continues to be making tremendous progress in Australia and is under test in the Brazilian market, as well. I think on the U.S., with all the investments that's being required by PTC in other areas, there has been -- although they still run the pilot trains, there's not been a lot of enthusiasm to go beyond that.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: Okay. And one last one. On the PTC side, there is some sort of residual, either software upgrades or service, et cetera, that would be related to that which would carry on for years, I would presume, correct?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, any time you have an installed base of whether it's electromechanical device, electronic device or mechanical device, there's going to be a certain amount of follow-through in service and aftermarket opportunity. And a lot of electronic aftermarket, if you use a thumb rule [ph], it usually is a higher percentage of the installed base. So this particular installed base that we'll have at the end of this program should be able to generate revenue for years to come.
Gregory W. Halter - LJR Great Lakes Review: And I presume at nice margins, as well.
Albert J. Neupaver: I would sure hope so.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Albrecht at BB&T.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I just had a follow-up there. I think one of the questions that people are thinking about, even though it hasn't been asked, is, so you raised your revenue guidance from 12% to 15% but didn't have an increase in the earnings. I know you're trying to be conservative, but was there anything more to raising your revenues but not raising your earnings beyond being conservative?
Albert J. Neupaver: When we put out the pre-announcement, we had not received all the forecasts from various divisions. And once we got everything in and took a strong look at it, with the given earnings increase that we had a better view of, we thought it was prudent to increase the revenues proportionally. And I think that has a lot to do with what you would expect in the future quarters relative to margin and growth. And there is some conservatism that's built into those numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Wilkins at Joseph Jekyll Advisers.
Thomas Wilkins: This is Thomas Wilkins of Joseph Jekyll Advisers, and I'd like to ask, what is the correlation between what's happening in the gasoline prices and the company's business?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, the one correlation is that we are in the transit markets. And when you look at mass transit and ridership, there is a direct correlation between the price of gasoline and the number of people that choose to use mass transit versus utilizing their own vehicle to get to their place of work or even to any kind of trip they're making. So that's the correlation there. The other correlation to the price of gas would be the price of oil, and locomotives are big users of oil, diesel fuel, but trucks are a lot less efficient than a railroad. So you also see some of the freight being transferred from trucks because of the high price of diesel fuel to the railroad. So there is a correlation between the 2, sir. Any other questions, Thomas? Okay.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Al for any closing remarks.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Well, we thank you very much for the participation and look forward to talking to you in a few months.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, everyone.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Paul A. Bodnar - Longbow Research LLC Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Jason Rodgers Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Wabtec Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead, sir.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thanks, Danie. Good morning, everybody, welcome to our earnings call for the fourth quarter and full year. Introduce the Wabtec people who are here with me in the room, our President and CEO, Al Neupaver; Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; Ray Betler, our Chief Operating Officer; and our Senior V.P. of Finance and Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. As usual we'll have our prepared remarks from Al and Alvaro, and then we'll be happy to take your questions. During the call, we will make forward-looking statements. So please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. I also want to point out that on today's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS because of the special items we discussed in our second quarter report. Listed as special items again in today's press release. We believe that non-GAAP EPS provide useful, supplemental information to assess our operating performance and to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, Wabtec's reported results in accordance with GAAP. And with that, I'll turn it over to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. We had a strong operating performance in the fourth quarter. We have record sales of $535 million, with earnings of $0.96. This tied the record earnings we announced in the third quarter this year. Included in the results were charges of about $5.5 million. These charges were for restructuring and contract reserves in the Transit Group. Alvaro will talk more about these later.  As a result of the strong finish to the year, we ended 2011 with record sales and earnings, record cash from operations of $249 million in a record backlog. To top it off, Wabtec finished 2011 as the only company in the United States on any exchange who's year-end stock price has increased for 11 consecutive years. We accomplished this during a period that included 2 recessions, one of which was probably the worst any of us will ever experience. Clearly our business is performing very well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of Wabtec Performance System. As a result, we are well-positioned to take advantage of future growth opportunities around the world. Today, we are also issuing our 2012 guidance based on our current backlog and outlook, we expect full year earnings per diluted share to be about $4.30 with a sales growth of about 10% for the year. This EPS guidance is about 15% higher than our non-GAAP EPS of $3.70 in 2011. Our guidance has certain assumptions associated with it. The global economy grows modestly. The freight rail traffic improves with the economy. Our transient markets remain stable and there are no major changes in foreign exchange rates. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling costs. We're going to be focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and we will be ready to respond decisively if any changes occur in the market conditions.  Next, I'd like to address our markets. We'll address the freight rail market first. Rail traffic grew in 2011 and continues to grow so far this year. In 2011, ton miles increased 3.2% and intermodal traffic was up 5.4%. Through mid-February this year, ton miles were up 2.3% and intermodal traffic, it increased 3.7%. This is despite very weak coal shipments. Our OEM market drivers should continue to be positive in 2012. About 48,000 new cars, freight cars were delivered in 2011 compared to 17,000 in 2010. At year end, the backlog was 65,000 cars, highest level in more than 3 years. Forecasters are expecting about 55,000 this year. As for new locomotives including kits, almost 1,100 were delivered in 2011. We expect to see about 1200 this year.  Now moving to the transit markets. Looking at transit, we continue to see stable markets in the U.S. and abroad. In the U.S., ridership was up 2% in the third quarter. That's the third consecutive quarter it has increased. In 2012, transit car deliveries will be about 1000, that's slightly up from last year this -- in 2011. Bus deliveries will be about 4500, slightly down from 2011. As for U.S. federal funding, as I think we all know, Congress is talking about a new Transportation Bill, but it's still very uncertain when something will be passed, the date. A house committee has proposed a 5-year bill and the Senate committee has proposed a 2-year bill with the President asking for a 6-year bill. All seem to be favoring maintaining or increased spending as we go forward in the transit area. The multi-year bill would give transit agencies the planning horizon they need to really dust off some of their long-term projects. So all in all, we're positive about our transit opportunities here in the U.S., but also on a global basis based on long-term demographic and economic trends and our relatively small market share in large global markets.  In 2011, our transit sales increased 5%. This growth was driven by acquisitions. However, if you take a look at our backlog in orders, our 12-month backlog increased 65% and our orders booked were up 17% last year, another positive indicator. Our diversity and growth initiatives have helped the transit business remain stable. In 2011, sales outside of the U.S., transit sales that is, were 56% of the total, an all-time high and 64% were made up of aftermarket products. Product-wise, we're also diverse. We make components for subway cars, components for buses, we build new transit locomotives, we overhaul and maintain locomotives and passenger cars, we provide positive train control systems and electronic products. Our customer base, therefore, is very diverse. Also, we continue to invest in transit growth through acquisition, new products and global expansion. As in the past, we'll continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Cash remains a priority. We're focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. Cash provides the opportunity to invest in organic growth and acquisitions, and to return money directly to shareholders in a variety of ways.  In 2011, we invested $38 million in capital expenditures with most of those focused on growth opportunities. In addition to that $38 million, we spent $109 million on acquisitions. We also repurchased 438,600 shares of Wabtec's stock for about $26 million and we also increased our quarterly dividend from $0.01 per share to $0.03 per share during the year. Going forward, we'll continue to invest in our 4 growth strategies: Global and market expansion; aftermarket expansion; new product development; acquisitions.  Let's talk a little bit about the progress we've made on these strategies. Global and market expansion. In 2011, sales outside of the U.S. were a record $916 million, that was 32% higher than 2010, almost half of our total sales; 5 years ago, it was only about 1/3. We won a contract to build 22 new locomotives for a company in Australia. We won a number of projects in Europe recently. Orders for bogey break equipment for Siemens on a new platform in Warsaw worth about $3 million, that was a Cat project, that's the manufacturer. The actual end customer was in neatly for $4 million. We also had several other orders for door system and components for projects around the continent for an additional $10 million of new orders.  In China, we completed our fifth joint venture. We now serve a variety of markets there. We serve the freight, transit, friction and power generation markets. We also had growth in non-rail with strong performance by our heat exchanger business in the power generation market. In the aftermarket area, overall aftermarket sales were $1.1 billion, another record year, 57% of our total and had a growth of over 35% compared to the prior year. This growth is due in part to rail traffic increasing, acquisitions and internal growth initiatives, such as expanding our locomotives service capability in Chicago and our service center in Brazil. In the new product area over the last few years, we've had tremendous focus in this area with about 1/3 of our annual sales coming from new products. Positive train control gets the headline, so I'll talk a little bit about that separately.  On other fronts, we won a $21 million contract for ECP, electronically controlled pneumatic braking equipment with Australia's Rio Tinto. We also introduced the next-generation end of train device for freight cars. Our locomotive business has developed a new engine package that will meet tier 4 emission requirements ahead of EPA deadline and ahead of the competition.  As for acquisitions, we completed 4 acquisitions last year. In the first half, we acquired Brush Traction in the U.K. and we also acquired an aftermarket transit business division from GE. In the fourth quarter, we acquired a company by the name of Bearward Engineering which makes cooling systems for power generation market, and the Fulmer company, which makes motor components for rail and industrial markets. Combine these acquisitions contributed by the $125 million in revenue in 2011. We also continue to review an active pipeline of strategic opportunities.  I'm going to focus a little bit on PTC, positive train control. As I think as everyone knows, it's a technology designed to automatically stop or slow trains to prevent collisions, derailments and unauthorized movements. In 2008, Congress passed the Rail Safety Act, which mandates that positive train control must be installed by December 2015 on commuter locomotives, freight locomotives that share track and locomotives that carry certain types of hazardous materials. We have been the technology leader in PTC in North America, as our onboard locomotive system was picked by all the Class 1 railroads. Currently, we are working very closely with the Class 1 railroads to design a PTC system that will consistently perform across the entire U.S. rail network. The industry uses the term interoperability to describe this system-wide performance. Obviously, a task that is not simple, but the industry is making good progress and our PTC sales has been increasing. In 2011, we had about $125 million in PTC-related revenues. If the programs proceed as planned, we should see continued growth in 2012.  Our PTC revenues are coming from 3 different areas. The first area is the U.S. freight railroad opportunity. We stated that this opportunity is between $250 million and $500 million over the next few years. Although this may prove to be conservative, we think it's prudent to stay within this range given the complexity and the other uncertainties of PTC. Second, in addition to the U.S. freight rail opportunity, we are also generating PTC revenues from U.S. transit agencies. At least 21 transit agencies will need to install some form of PTC and we expect to play a role in many of these projects. We have announced contracts for 2 of the larger ones, Denver for $63 million and Metrolink out in Los Angeles for $27 million. We have not quantified additional transit opportunities and they are not included in the freight range I just discussed. The third area is international. In Brazil last year, we signed $165 million contract with MRS, the fourth largest railroad in Brazil, for a turnkey PTC solution. It is scheduled to be completed in 2013, and hopefully there will be other projects that would follow in that country. So clearly, PTC opportunity for Wabtec is significant and ongoing, and we'll continue to keep you informed as we make progress.  As you model and make assumptions about this opportunity, we think you should keep in mind that many factors can affect the size and timing. For example, a House committee has proposed a 5-year extension of the PTC deadline to 2020, that's part of the new Transportation Bill I've mentioned earlier. We don't think that the current Senate version includes any discussion about it, any PTC extension. And in fact, California Senators, Boxer and Feinstein have expressed concerns about delaying PTC. Obviously, we can't predict whether the government will extend the deadline, but we don't think an extension would change the dollar amount of the opportunity for us. It would, of course, spread opportunity over a longer period of time. If there is an extension, we'll certainly manage our internal resources accordingly.  Other factors to keep in mind, market share. Other companies are working on PTC, so market share is a variable. It is a complex system and it's a large scale project, we are still in the early stages of a multi-year, multi-hundred million dollar new product rollout. We can't predict the exact amount of timing of revenues or the profitability of the various projects. Scope of transit projects. It's very difficult to quantify the transit opportunity because the agency size and the project scope varies greatly. For example, I talked about the Los Angeles Metrolink. They have about 100 locomotives. In North County in San Diego, which is another area that we'll install PTC, they only have 10. You also have the difference in quantity related to the scope that you take on. As for an example, our project in Brazil, we are the prime contractor for that contract, and it's $165 million contract.  And finally, funding. U.S. transit agencies already have budget issues that are affecting their existing operations. PTC will require substantial additional funding. All that said, we are truly excited about our PTC opportunity. But I want to remind you that we are also extremely excited about all of our growth opportunities. In fact, PTC represented only 5% of our revenues in 2011 and only 20% of our growth. So we clearly have a lot of other initiatives that are going on.  With that, I'm gonna turn it over to Alvaro to give you a little more detail on the financials.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, Al, and good morning, everyone. Results for the quarter were pretty straightforward and I'm always pleased to be able to report financial results like these. Sales for the fourth quarter were a record $535 million, 36% higher than last year. Of this increase, about 3 quarters was organic growth. The Freight Group sales were up about 58% with almost all of that coming from internal growth and rebounding markets. So the organic growth came principally from the Freight Group, the aftermarket and freight group increasing rail traffic. OEM sales more than doubled based on increasing demand for new locomotives and freight cars, increased sales of PTC products and services, and growth in adjacent markets such as radiators and heat exchangers. Transit Group sales increased 8% as acquisitions lead to higher aftermarket and international sales, which more than offset lower OE sales. As you know, and we emphasized that you'll emphasize it as well and we're always striving to drive our operating margins higher.  SG&A increased in dollar terms due mainly to acquisitions and somewhat higher in percent of comp expense in the current year and the current quarter, but it was 11.4% of sales compared to 13.6% of sales in the year-ago quarter, so I think we're making progress there. For the quarter, operating income was $73 million or 13.6% of sales compared to 13.1% of sales in the year ago quarter.  Now here, it can get a little confusing here and hopefully I won't confuse you too much, I'll try and clarify. In the current quarter, we recorded charges of $5.5 million for restructuring at our Vapor Rail door unit and contract reserves at our motor power division. Now these are not what we would call non-GAAP special items, we're just providing this as explanation of somewhat unusual events that occurred in the quarter, so you can reconcile back to the margins. If you add these items back to our operating income for the current quarter, the operating margin would have been 14.6%.  Now I'm gonna switch to the year. For the year, our operating margin was 14.8%. If you exclude the special items that we recorded in the second quarter, which are non-GAAP disclosure items as well as the items I just mentioned that occurred in the fourth quarter. If you have any questions about that I'll be happy to take them in the Q&A. Hopefully, I didn't confuse you too much. But the 14.8% compares to 13.5% for the full year of '10. So I think that shows good performance. But, again, we're confident that we have room for more improvement over time.  In terms of some of the other P&L items, interest expense was a bit lower due lower net debt compared to the year-ago quarter. Other income was positive and this was due mostly of paper FX translation gain. In other, we usually have some minor FX paper gains and losses which we try to minimize, but they do occur. The effect of tax rate was 33.8% a little less than the year-ago quarter. And I think for modeling purposes, you can expect it to be somewhere around 34% going forward.  In terms of some of the other numbers we typically disclosed during the conference call, in terms of working capital, receivables were $346 million and this was relatively flat it's the same as the last quarter. Inventories were up somewhat $348 million versus $325 million in the last quarter.  Payables were down, they were -- I'm sorry, payables were up, which benefited working capital, they were $179 million at the end of the last quarter, $245 million at the end of the year.  In terms of the cash, at the year end, we had $286 million in cash and we generated cash from operations of $249 million for the year, which is a record for us. At the end of the year, we had $396 million in debt compared to $406 million at September 30. And also during the fourth quarter, speaking of debt, we closed a new 5-year $600 million revolving credit facility. This was an increase of over $100 million from the prior facility and this will provide increased flexibility and borrowing capacity to invest in our strategic growth initiatives as well as give us the flexibility to pay off the bonds that are maturing in 2013 if that need arises.  In terms of a few other items, I'll just read out the numbers. Depreciation was $6.7 million in the quarter compared to $8.2 million in last year's quarter. Amortization was $4.4 million versus $3.5 million last year. The increase is mainly due to acquisitions and the amortization of the intangibles associated with the acquisitions. CapEx for the quarter was $15.7 million versus $8.5 million last year. And I think as Al mentioned for the year, CapEx was $38 million versus $21 million last year.  Of the annual increase in CapEx, about $4 million was for investment that we made in the foundry in '11 to meet the increasing freight demand. And for '12, we expect slightly more than about $40 million in CapEx. In terms of backlog, which I know is a question we always get, the multi-year in the 12-month backlog, we're at record levels. The multi-year backlog, that's the one that is -- that's the backlog in total, was up 4% compared to September 30. That's at a high -- record high of $1.55 billion versus $1.49 billion in September 30. You can break that down by transit and freight. The transit that I think Al mentioned, again, backlog increase is now at $836 million versus $778 million in the fourth -- I'm sorry, in the third quarter of '11, and this is the highest since the fourth quarter of '08. So that's a significant transit backlog. The freight was $713 million versus $710 million in September, so it's relatively flat.  Our rolling 12-month backlog, that's the one that we expect to execute over the next 12 months, was up 6% compared to September 30. That total is a record high of $1.1 billion versus $1 billion at September 30. In transit, it's $482 million versus $436 million in September, and in freight it was $591 million versus $573 million. I went pretty fast with those numbers, so if you need any of them repeated, just go ahead and ask away during the Q&A.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Al. Once again we had a good performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Taking one final look back at 2011. Revenues increased 31% to a record $1.97 billion. Income from operations increased 41% to a record $286 million, excluding the special items that we reported in the second quarter. EPS increased 45% to a record $370 million, again, excluding those second quarter items. And our backlog ended the year at a record $1.55 billion.  Looking ahead at 2012, we are expecting another record year with EPS guidance of about $4.30 on revenue growth of about 10%. Longer term, we could not be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities that we see. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that manage aggressively through the tough times and is poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities.  With that, we'd be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Al, you gave a lot of color on the PTC. The $125 million that you guys were able to do in 2011, is there any way to break that down in terms of U.S. freight, transit and international?
Albert J. Neupaver: It's, yes. Between transit and freight, we probably were looking at half and half, and the international portion would be probably about 25% of the total.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in 2012, say for some reason we do get a potential extension on the deadline for PTC, that would necessarily impact 2012, but it'd be probably more impactful to 2013 and '14. Is that a way to look at it?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we've done a few analysis internally when the committee made their announcement about potential delays and we've look at it in the past. And you're exactly right, Allison, I think that near term, you don't see a lot of change as you go further out, closer to the deadline period is where it would be impacted.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Your 10% revenue growth guidance. First question, is that all organic and can you tell us how that breaks down by segment?
Albert J. Neupaver: Sure. It is all organic. We never budget for acquisitions, that's opportunistic. As far as the 2 aspects, it's probably equal across both transit and freight.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, to that point, can you talk about how order momentum for new rail cars has been so far from 2012 as you talk to your customers? And did you say what you expect for freight car deliveries this year?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, the only thing we've quoted, Steve, is what we've read from consultants, and they're talking about mid 50s, maybe even a little higher. It was 2 or 3 different reports, but mid-50s was about right. The highest one was 58% and I think we've seen a couple around the 55%, and that's what we referenced in our prepared remarks. And your other question again, Steve?
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: As you've talked to your customers, how has order momentum for new rail cars been so far in 2012?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think we're still seeing quite a bit of activity at the rail car builders. I've talked to a few just here in the last couple of weeks and they seem to still be pretty busy and looking for a good 2012.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you obviously have a strong freight cycle here and good operational tailwinds from your execution. And that's putting you in a great position with respect to record margins. So I guess the question is, as revenue comps get a little bit tougher, how much room do you have on pricing in 2012 given what looks like a pretty strong freight cycle? And can you quantify at all what you think is available from productivity-driven margin improvements?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think if you take a look at the guidance, there's a little bit of intuitive way that we're thinking. There's an explanation the way we're thinking. You're looking at revenues were up 10%, EPS is up 15%. So as we look backward and evaluate how we performed in 2011, and we talk about -- I used the term contribution margin, you could call it flow through, whatever. We think that we should be able to get flow throughs in the low 20%, plus 20%, around 21%, 22%. And for the year, when you take back the adjustments, it was 19% and even in the fourth quarter, it was lower. So we think that, obviously, we've always been focused on continuous improvement when it comes to margin and we think that those improvements are possible as we go into 2012.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's great. And one more and I'll get back in line. You talked about generating cash to invest for growth. Can you talk about where you see the most opportunity for acquisition-driven growth? Maybe talk about that by geography and product exposure. Where is the real focus?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we've -- one, you almost have to be opportunistic, because you have to be able to analyze and get things that are available. But we do target various parts of the world and, obviously, international has been one of those areas. We'd like to increase our international presence, especially in those areas where an acquisition would give us a better platform to grow from. We also look at acquisitions that could broaden the product offering that we have and could be a bolt on to the businesses that we're currently involved in. We're looking for acquisitions that are strategic, that allows for growth in those 4 areas. So we've targeted a number of areas, and I think that probably if you had to prioritize them, international would probably be the first priority we'd be looking at, and probably second would be those bolt-ons that broaden the product offering.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So when you say international, is that more Asia or Latin America, or are you still focused on Europe as well? Or is that just building out share gains?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we're focused around the world. So it's no one area.
Operator: Our next question comes from Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. The bid processes take a little bit of time. I would think that probably more than half of them, probably in the range of 60%, 70% of them have started discussions in earnest and they've all looked at it and have programs going forward. So, yes, they'll take a little longer. And just a reminder, what I said in the remarks, they also have to find ways to fund it. So federal funding's going to have to be there for most of those projects to go forward.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. As Alvaro said, we had the $5.5 million of items that we thought was worth mentioning, so that there would be a little more color related to margins. And I just made the remarks on -- we think we could get a better contribution margin going forward. So I think that there's nothing that -- I don't think there's any hidden message there or any major problems that exist. I think that we will continue to strive to continuously improve our margins, and that's what we've done in the past. One other thing I want to emphasize is we really try to get you to focus on operating margins and not gross margins because as -- and I think we've explained it in the past, that sometimes there gets to be movement between our SG&A and cost of sales, especially when it relates to engineering projects. We have a lot of these large engineering projects and sometimes the gross margin may not be as reflective of true reality as our operating margins, okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Bodnar of Longbow Research.
Paul A. Bodnar - Longbow Research LLC: Just a quick follow-up on the last question. Sounds like some of the zero well [ph] contracts, I think you've indicated these before, because they are these larger engineering opportunities, you just carry a little bit lower gross margin with them, the kind of what you were trying to say there?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think -- no, I don't think I was saying that. Okay?
Paul A. Bodnar - Longbow Research LLC: Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that longer contracts don't necessarily have to have lower margins. So, yes, I'm not saying that.
Paul A. Bodnar - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Next question, I guess, is can you just give us an update on some of the joint ventures you have in China and the progress you've been making along with those, as well as anything else you have out there in Brazil and the rest of the developing world?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. In China, we've made great progress. If you take a look at where we were 5 years ago, basically, we had just a small amount of sales. This year, we'll complete the year with revenues in about $70 million range. We expect that to grow double digits, could approach $100 million here in the next 12 to 18 months or so, definitely in the next 2 years. We have 5 operating joint ventures. Those joint ventures support the freight railroads. We have a friction joint venture that sells product to freight and transit applications in China. We have a JV that is max heat exchangers for power generation and we have 2 transit JVs that make products for transit cars, both the couplers. And our newest JV will be related to break-in products. Good progress. We definitely feel that China is a nice opportunity for us. We view it as a window of opportunity. Some of the projects that we're seeing a lot of activity on in China is projects that they're exporting products and products that are, where our product is being specified. Our growth in Brazil continues to develop. We have a service center, we have a separate friction company that we acquired and we have a -- the major contracts. So we have an operating office and some manufacturing, now, related to that contract in Brazil. And we see future growth opportunities there, as well.
Paul A. Bodnar - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then, I guess, one last question. I guess somewhere on the Chinese JVs, as well. In the fourth quarter of your acquisition there, you indicated that there was some potential, additional opportunity to get radiators/ gen sets into some other customers in that market. I just wanted to see if you've made any progress on that at this point, kind of what your outlook was there?
Albert J. Neupaver: We've made good progress. We've got 2 different type of market places in heat exchangers in China. One is related to the power generation and we have been supplying product into the railroad area on the locomotive. So we do have heat exchanger products that are going in there. Both are doing well and we've done a nice job in penetrating the market.
Paul A. Bodnar - Longbow Research LLC: And that's for -- are those export as well or..
Albert J. Neupaver: There's some export content and some -- the power generator, almost all made in China. But the rail product, we do export product from here into there and some of that product, the power gen stays in China as does the rail product right now. Although they may export some locomotives, but most of the locomotives have been used in country.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristine Kubacki of Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question again on the margins, not to beat a dead horse, but was there any restructuring cost in the quarter a year ago or in the third quarter? I'm just trying to make sure I'm comparing apples-to-apples...
Albert J. Neupaver: That's why we identified -- these were extraordinary and normally we don't. If it balances out, we really don't make any reference, and there were none in the fourth quarter of 2010 and/or the third quarter.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then just a question on PTC on being a relative neophyte, I guess, to legislative process and the headlines are changing daily. But have -- the railroads have made some comments about hoping for a delay, are you seeing any of them pull back in hopes of a delay? Are they continuing on with their plans until a resolution is ultimately announced?
Albert J. Neupaver: We seem to be going full steam ahead here and as are they. There's still that deadline. There's a lot of work to be done and we're making great progress with them. I don't see any change in their behavior whatsoever.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, you broke out a little bit on the revenue growth assumptions for 2012 in transit and in freight. How much of the growth rate is related to PTC in 2012?
Albert J. Neupaver: We haven't given that number specifically. I think you could take a look at what we saw in 2010 to '11 and make some assumptions from that.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Can you remind again, and I apologize if you already said this, how much is that...
Albert J. Neupaver: In 2010, we had -- I think, sales with PTC around $26 million, $28 million. And I think this year, we have about $125 million.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And how much of the contracts that you've announced already is expected to follow into 2012, your international opportunity?
Albert J. Neupaver: That would be like giving you what we're going to sell, right?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: The problem is it's not all PTC. It's installation of all the communication units because the contract is much bigger than PTC. So just isolating the PTC part of it, is very, very difficult. Off top of my head, to be honest, it's pretty difficult.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke of Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Al, you mentioned that 2012, your capital expenditures will be about $40 million, up slightly from 2012 where you highlighted one project. Are there any significant capital projects in 2012 related to your growth initiatives?
Albert J. Neupaver: Nothing major. There's a few expansions related to, probably, service -- in the service area. But no major projects.
Liam D. Burke - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And you're driving your cash, one of the highlights in driving your cash has been your working capital management. As, Alvaro, excuse me -- as international sales grow, how much more of a challenge is working capital management becoming?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think that's very astute, and you're absolutely right. There is a difference between, to be honest, how quickly you get paid in the states versus abroad. Inventory is inventory, and the main issue with inventory doesn't relate -- it relates more to outsourcing, which is that if you outsource to China, or if you outsource to low-cost countries, your inventory balances are necessarily going to go up because it takes a while to get them from the source country back to the using country, you can call it that. But in essence, inventory's inventory. But receivable balances tend to be higher in Europe and they tend to be higher in China. And from our perspective, we say we want to stress quick collection everywhere around the globe. But it is more challenging abroad than it is here in the states, you're right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rodgers: Looking at the $5.5 million in unusual charges. Where is that located on the income statement?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That's on cost of sales.
Jason Rodgers: Okay. And what was the shareholder equity for the quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Give me one second, it's a little bit over a $1 billion. For the ending balance sheet, we have preliminary balance sheet that's still subject to completion, but it's about $1.050 billion, somewhere roughly in that neighborhood.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You were talking about a mid-to-high 50,000 delivery number for 2012, but the industry is producing in annualized rate in kind of mid-60,000 range right now. Did the supply chain build ahead or did some of the constraints ease? How do you reconcile those 2?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think that there is no -- I'm not aware of any supply chain major issues that exist. And I think that the one that existed early in 2011 that kind of ran into mid-year pretty much behind them. So I think what you did see and you're exactly right, you saw orders come in at 16,000 and deliveries at 16,000 for the fourth quarter. And there's a hefty backlog. The thing that we would prefer to see, we can't control it. It would be a more level approach to both orders. Well, orders could come in straight but deliveries we'd like to see a little more level approach to it. And I think that's possibly that's what we will see as we go in 2012.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Discipline from the builders?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Discipline from -- exactly.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But if demand were there and the order support of the supply chain, and you could support more like a mid-60 versus a high 50? I mean...
Albert J. Neupaver: Without a doubt, it's supported it last time we had this peak. But I think, hopefully, discipline will prevail here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Albrecht of BB&T.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: On the $5.5 million items, if you will, that was at Vapor and what other division?
Albert J. Neupaver: It was at Vapor and Motopower, which is our locomotive manufacturing operation. I'm sorry, Vapor Rail, yes.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess I'm a little confused on the description on the revenue growth for the 2 segments. Al, could you talk about that again? On one hand, I thought I heard kind of about the same for freight and transit in terms of the 10% guidance. But then I thought I heard some distinguishing elements maybe because of the PTC. How much uniformity would you expect? Because I think we would have modeled more...
Albert J. Neupaver: Keep in mind that PTC goes to freight and transit, okay? And I'm going to read you a headline about transit. There's so much discussion. First of all, I hope you all heard the intermodal train going by. We staged that so that you know volume is going well here. In troubled times, still growing, this is the 2012 passenger rail outlook, and that not only stands for North America, but I think globally. What you find is these markets are compelling and there's continuing investment globally in these markets. We have opportunities in both transit and freight as we look into 2012. Does that address your question, Tom?
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Well, it did. I guess a little bit. I mean, we would have thought maybe a low-to-mid teens freight revenue growth rate and a 5%, 6% transit. But I just want to make sure that you're at least at this juncture and I realized it's only February, but your sort of thinking about the same for both depending upon new business wins and the pace of rail car bills and everything else.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. That's -- I think it's a valid question. I think as we look at our guidance, we really think we're going to have some balanced opportunities going forward. Is the number conservative when it comes to either one of them? Possibly. And we tend to be conservative.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Yes. No, I like that. And then Alvaro, the $61.1 million for SG&A, that's kind of the new run rate right now?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think so, Tom. It's been impacted by acquisitions as well as a couple of other items. But I think going forward, our run rate, right where you said, it's somewhere between $60 million to $62 million would be good. So if you want to pick the midpoint, I think that'd be a good run rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Quick thing. How do we think about the content per car for, let's say, a hopper car or a tank car versus like a coal car?
Albert J. Neupaver: No, we're indifferent basically, it's about the same. And we've always given out about our share adjusted contents right around $4,000 per car build.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And in terms of a potential delay for PTC, how close do you think we are to having a new competitor in the market? And obviously, if you have a few more years to do PTC there, more potential for a competitor, how close do you think we really are to seeing a competitor?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, there's a lot of people that are working on signaling systems around the world and so there's people out there that provide different types of systems. I think the key to North America is the fact that these systems have to inter operate. We've got operating systems, it's been operating in over 5 years on the BNSF railroad and I'm sure that there's other systems out there that could run. But I think the amount of testing and qualification that's going to be required is large, but we are conservative in our numbers based on the fact that, if we can do it I'm sure someone else can, and that's how we view it.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: But if I hear you it sounds like even with a delay, you're so far ahead in terms of the onboard computer that a real competitor seems unlikely to emerge?
Albert J. Neupaver: I didn't say that, but one could -- I didn't say that.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Right, okay. And then I think you mentioned, Allison, or referenced or maybe some pent up demand on the transit side for once we get a highway bill?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think... Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Can you just talk about -- are there any ways to put some numbers around that in terms of their -- this many specific projects or this potential revenue opportunity is not for you but just for the market overall?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, it's very difficult. There's a lot of projects that are out there. And what happens when you have the uncertainty that it's not the projects that we'd see in the next couple of years. We're talking about projects that we'd like to see on the table right now being discussed and designed, that would be 4, 5, 6 years out, the projects that are already beyond the design phase. And what happens when there's uncertainty on the funding, there seems to be a reluctance to start looking at those and you see a lot more people wanting to overhaul repair existing instead of new designs. So that's the pent up demand that we were talking about. And it's really probably more long term than it is near future.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, that makes sense. And then just last thing, kind of at a high level. If we think about the initial guidance for 2011, I think it was give or take about right around $290 million and we ended up about 30% better. Just in retrospect, is it that the overall market ended up better, market share was better, comps were better, more acquisitions. How do we think about kind of what drove the upside in 2011? And when you think about some of the assumptions for 2012, where do you think you maybe are most conservative?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that the markets themselves when you make a prediction in earnings 11 months or 10 months, you're only a 1.5 months into it, it's hard to predict. And I think the markets performed better than we had anticipated, especially the freight recovery. I think that the development that we had related to growth and some of the new product areas. And lastly is we don't predict acquisitions, so they're not in our plan. You had that together with our general typical way of being conservative, that would reflect what happened in 2011.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I show no further questions, sir. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Wabtec management. Please go ahead.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Well, thank you all for participating in our conference call and look forward to seeing you either personally or talking to you again at, I believe, it's April, next call. Thanks a lot.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Have a great day.
Albert J. Neupaver: Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
Analysts: Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Wabtec Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please also note that today's event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn your conference call over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Senior Vice President and CFO. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thanks, Jamie. That's actually not my title. We have our CFO, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon here, so I'll...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Battlefield promotions always work. That's okay.
Timothy R. Wesley: Well then good morning, everybody, and welcome to our third quarter call. So with us today, we've got, as I mentioned, our CFO, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon; our CEO and President, Al Neupaver; Ray Betler, Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Dugan, our Corporate Controller. Al and Alvaro will make some prepared remarks and then we'll be happy to take your questions.  During the call, we'll make forward-looking statements, so please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. I also want to point out that on today's call, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS guidance because of the special items that we discussed in our second quarter report. We lifted those special items again in today's press release. We believe that Non-GAAP guidance provides useful supplemental information to assess our operating performance and to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, Wabtec's reported results and guidance in accordance with GAAP.  Al, go ahead.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. We had a very strong operating performance in the third quarter with record sales of $499 million and record earnings of $0.96. As we'll discuss, this performance was driven mostly by growth in our Freight Group, but our Transit Group continues to perform well. Based on this third quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the year, we've raised our annual guidance for sales and EPS. Clearly, our business is performing very well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic initiatives and the power of Wabtec Performance System. We are well-positioned to take advantage of our growth opportunities around the world, yet prepared to manage through an economic downturn should one occur.  As I mentioned, we raised our 2011 sales and EPS guidance based on our current backlog and outlook. We're now expecting earnings per diluted share between $3.65 and $3.70, with sales growth of about 25% for the year. This guidance excludes the special items we recorded in the second quarter. If we had included those items, our guidance would be $3.46 to $3.51.  Our guidance assumes the following: the global economy continues to grow modestly; freight rail traffic continues to improve with the economy; transit market continues to be stable; and there is no major changes in foreign exchange rates. We will continue to stick to our long-held philosophy and that is, be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost and focus on generating cash to invest in our growth opportunities.  Let's first look at the freight rail market. Rail traffic continues to grow this year and, in fact, it is currently running at the high point for the year. Through mid-October, ton miles increased 2.7% and intermodal traffic was up 5.3%. The Increase in traffic has led to strong growth in our North American aftermarket business with aftermarket sales in the third quarter up 26% compared to a year ago quarter.  The OEM markets in freight also continued to strengthen, with OEM sales almost double that of the year ago quarter. We expect about 40,000 new freight cars to be delivered this year. We just got the statistics related to rail car build just this morning. Third quarter deliveries were at 12,519. Orders were at 20,165. So that means that the backlog rose to 65,000, the highest level in more than 3 years. We do not expect any changes in the locomotive build, about 800 this year, and that's about double what it was last year. In the third quarter, our freight revenues hit a record -- quarterly record of $316 million, even with OEM deliveries still well below recent annual high, which bodes well for continued growth.  Now if we look at the transit market. We continue to see stable markets in the U.S. as well as abroad. In the U.S., ridership was up 1.7% in the second quarter, the second consecutive quarter it has increased. Transit car deliveries were about 1,000, but bus deliveries will be at 4,800, both are slightly less than in 2010. And these numbers are projections for 2011.  As for funding, the politicians in D.C. on both sides of the aisle are now talking about a new federal Transportation Bill, that we could see something by the end of the year if they manage to tie it to the Jobs Bill. In the Senate, Boxer's going to introduce a two-year bill and Mica in the house is taking a look at a 6-year bill. More important, they both seem to agree that stable funding plus inflation is the way to go. That's a far cry from just a couple of months ago when Mica was calling for a 20% to 30% cut. So we are positive about our transit opportunities based on the long-term demographic and economic trends on a relatively small market share and large global market.  For the quarter, our transit sales increased 10%, and our 12-month backlog increased 6% as orders continue to run ahead of last year's pace. Our strength in transit is related to our diversity and growth initiatives and that has really helped to stabilize the transit business. Year-to-date, sales are 57% outside of the U.S., and we have about 63% of our business in the aftermarket. Product-wise, we were also diversed. We make components for subway cars, for buses. We build new locomotives. We overhaul and maintain locomotives and passenger cars. We provide positive train control at the transit industry, electronic products. Therefore, as you could see, our customer base is diverse.  Also, we continue to invest in transit growth through acquisition, new products and global expansion. As a corporation, we continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Cash remains a priority. It provides the opportunity to invest in organic growth and acquisitions and to return money directly to shareholders in a variety of ways. The board has set our dividend at $0.03 per quarter and has increased our stock buyback authorization to $150 million. During the third quarter, we repurchased 308,000 shares of Wabtec stock for about $18 million. We are focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. This will enable us to continue to invest in our 4 strategic growth opportunities: global market expansion, after market expansion, new products and technologies, acquisitions.  If we look at our strategies, in the global market expansion area in this quarter, sales outside of the U.S. were $230 million, that's 46% higher than in 2010. We've also seen growth in non-rail with strong performance by our thermal management businesses. In the aftermarket expansion area, overall aftermarket sales were at $282 million for the quarter, 57% of our total, growth of 33% compared to the prior year. This was due to our growth initiatives, acquisitions, increased traffic and the rails which benefits our Wabtec Global Services unit among others and increased service contracts. We continue to stress looking for strong candidates for acquisitions in rail and adjacent non-rail markets.  In the new product arena, we've decided we like to focus on one new product that we have for just a little bit. I'd like to really update you on positive train control. Positive train control is a technology designed to automatically stop or slow trains to prevent collisions, derailment and unauthorized movement. It includes computer hardware and software on a locomotive and electronic devices along the track. It uses GPS to monitor the train's location and communicates with the railroad's back office and dispatch centers.  For many years, positive train control was at the top of the NTSB's wish list for safety project. And Wabtec has been in the forefront of developing the onboard locomotive equipment required for this system. In fact, we've invested more than 10 years and $100 million in the development of positive train control. In 2004, BNSF began a pilot program using our PTC product and the railroad received approval to expand PTC along its network in the year 2007. Meanwhile, we began working on pilots with other railroads including Metra, a commuter railroad that serves Chicago. So the industry seemed to be progressing toward PTC implementation on its own.  As we all know, in 2008, there was a very serious collision between a freight train and a commuter train in California. More than 20 people were killed. After one month, Congress passed the Rail Safety Act, which mandates that positive train control is to be installed by December 15 on commuter locomotives, freight locomotives that share track, as well as locomotives that carry certain types of hazardous materials. Given our success with BNSF and the projects wed already started with other railroads, Class 1 eventually decided to standardize on the Wabtec onboard solution. Along the way, we expanded our PTC capabilities that include signal design and engineering, project management, back office and dispatch work.  Currently, we are working closely with the railroads to design a positive train control system that will consistently perform across the entire U.S. rail network. The industry uses the term interoperability to describe the system-wide performance, obviously, a test that is not a simple one.  Now let's talk about the work we're doing this year and the next steps. We've released the latest version of the onboard software which provides the majority of the interoperable functionality. Railroads have begun doing lab testing. We're working on software that integrates the onboard with the back office server. At least one railroad has surpassed 1,000 hardware platforms ordered, while others expect to increase purchases going into next year. We expect field testing to begin next year, followed by submission of the product safety plan to the FRA by year end.  Now what does all that mean in terms of PTC revenues for Wabtec? As you know, we have said that our U.S. freight railroad opportunity is between $250 million and $500 million through the 2015 implementation deadline. This may proved to be conservative, but we think it's a prudent range at this point given the complexity and the other uncertainties of PTC which I'll review in a minute. This range includes potential revenues of $200 million to $400 million based on the cost of onboard systems which ranges anywhere from $20,000 to $40,000 and a number of locomotives that will need to have it installed on between 15,000 and 20,000. The competitive factors such as market share are also taken in consideration. It also includes potential revenues of between $50 million to $100 million for services at Xorail, our signaling engineering division can provide.  In addition to the U.S. freight rail opportunity, we're also generating PTC revenues from U.S. transit agencies as well as internationally. These opportunities are not included in the range I just discussed. Last year, we had about $20 million of revenue that can be contributed to PTC technology. We now expect about $100 million this year. If the programs proceed as planned, we should see continued growth next year as well.  In the U.S., 21 commuter agencies will need to install some form of PTC, and we expect to play a role in many of these projects. We have announced contracts for 2 of the largest ones, in Denver and Los Angeles. We just signed a $63 million contract with Denver Transit Partners to provide a dispatch office, wayside engineer and project management services for a PTC system to be installed on 3 new commuter rail lines.  We also have a $27 million contract with Metrolink in Southern California to provide PTC equipment and services. This project is to be completed by the end of next year. Please keep in mind that most of the other transit PTC projects will be much smaller than the ones we've already booked. In Brazil, meanwhile, internationally, we've signed a $165 million contract with MRS Logistica to provide a turnkey PTC solution, including project management, signaling, communications, train dispatch equipment, onboard electronic equipment for 500 locomotives and 50 auxiliary vehicles scheduled to be completed in 2013. MRS is the fourth largest freight railroad Brazil.  Thus, others may show interest in PTC, but any additional opportunities would likely be a bit into the future. In addition to these opportunities, the U.S. freight and transit markets, we would expect to generate PTC-related revenue through service contracts, system upgrade, related products and services. But it's too soon to quantify that.  Clearly, the Wabtec PTC opportunity is significant and ongoing, and we will keep you informed as we make progress. As you want to make assumptions about this opportunity, we think you should keep in mind that many factors could affect the size and timing such as market share. There are obviously other companies working on competitive systems, so market share is certainly a variable.  Complexity and scale of PTC. We're still in the early stages of a multi-year, multi-hundred million dollar new product rollout. We can't predict the exact number or timing of revenues or the profitability of the various projects.  Actions by the federal government. In the U.S., PTC is an unfunded mandate and the railroads have opposed that for various reasons. We can't predict whether the government will modify the law or delay the deadline.  Scope of transit projects is also a risk. It's very difficult to quantify the transit opportunity because the agency size and the project scope varies greatly. For example, Metrolink, which is the commuter railroad in L.A., has about 100 vehicles, where North County in San Diego only has 10.  And finally, funding itself. The U.S. transit agencies already have budget issues that are affecting their existing operations. PTC will require substantial additional funding.  All that being said, we are truly excited about the PTC opportunity. But I want to remind you and I want to emphasize to you that we -- although we're extremely excited about all these growth opportunities, in fact, PTC is only accounted for about 20% of our growth in total revenues so far this year. So we clearly have a lot of other initiatives that we're excited about as well and that are ongoing.  With that, I'll turn it over to Alvaro.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, Al, and good morning, everybody. Financial results for the quarter, I believe, were very positive. Sales were a record $499 million, about 33% higher than last year. While this increase, about 3 quarters was organic growth. In the Freight Group, sales were up about 51% with almost all of that coming from internal growth and the rebounding freight markets. Al talked about the Freight car orders a little bit earlier in the call.  OEM sales almost doubled based on increasing demand for new locomotives and freight cars. Increased sales of PTC products, services growth in the non-rail market, such as power generation, also helped in the growth. Aftermarket growth increased by about 25%, and this was due to increasing rail traffic. Transit growth sales increased 10% with acquisitions in higher aftermarket and international sales, more than offsetting lower OE and U.S. sales.  Margins, as you know, well we're always striving to drive our operating margin higher. For the quarter, operating income was a record $75 million or 15.1% of sales compared to 13.5% of sale last year. This was a good performance but, obviously, we have room for more improvement, and we're confident we can do so over time.  Interest and other. Interest expense was a little bit lower this quarter due to lower net debt compared to last year. However, other expense increased by a little bit over $1 million due mostly to paper FX, foreign-exchange translation losses. In terms of taxes, the effective tax rate this quarter was about 33.6%, about the same as last year. The rail fluctuate, obviously, as we go forward, but we do it -- it's a little bit lower than it has been in the past due to some tax saving initiatives, and we expect it to be somewhere around 34% in the future.  Working capital was up mostly due to increased sales. Receivables were $346 million, up about $10 million from last quarter. Inventories were about $325 million, up $14 million. And payables actually went down, and their balance was about $179 million. In terms of cash at September 30, we had $220 million in cash, about the same as the end of the last quarter. And during the quarter, we generated cash from operations of about $34 million for the year. Year-to-date, we're at about $100 million in terms cash generation.  In terms of debt, at September 30, we had about $405 million compared to $396 million total debt at June 30, which given the strength of our cash flow and other prospects, I think, is a very reasonable balance.  Few miscellaneous items. We always discussed during the call, depreciation during the period was $8.8 million compared to $7.1 million last year. Amortization was about $4.1 million versus $2.6 million last year. The increase in both is mostly due to acquisitions. CapEx spending was $9.4 million for the quarter. Year-to-date, CapEx is about $22 million. We're forecasting about $25 million to $28 million for the year. Given our size, we think that, that's a reasonable total. And again, lands to the strength of our cash flow.  Our backlog, I think, that's a number that always draw some interest, and we always discussed it during the call. The multi-year and the 12-month backlog are at record levels, reflecting a slight increase from last quarter balances. The multi-year backlog, this includes the backlog that we expect to execute during the next 12 months, as well as after that period, was pretty stable compared to the last quarter. It was $1.5 billion in both quarters. In terms of transit, the total backlog went down slightly from $811 million to $778 million, but the freight backlog reached a record high of about $710 million versus $700 million last quarter.  The rolling 12-month backlog, this is a backlog that we expect to execute in just the next 12 months, is about $1 billion versus $970 billion -- I'm sorry, $970 million last quarter, so an increase of $30 million. In transit, it increased by about $26 million from $410 million to $436 million. And in freight, it went up slightly to $573 million from to -- I'm sorry, to $573 million from $560 million.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Alvaro. Once again, we've had a strong performance in the quarter, record sales and earnings. Longer term, we're very pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities we see from all aspects. We continue to benefit from the diverse business model that we have and the culture that exist in the company from our Wabtec Performance System, which gives us the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that is now taking advantage of our growth opportunities.  With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So there's been a lot of concerns, obviously, about 2012. Obviously, the OEM orders have been really strong. You had the potential for the PTC. Could you just give some general thoughts as you look into next year in terms of your growth opportunities, as well as potential risks that are out there?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. We're -- as we've said in the prepared remarks, we're really excited about the opportunities we have ahead of us. I think these lay the statistics that -- as it relates to the freight markets, which I'll talk about first, are encouraging. Number one, the last 3 weeks, 10 miles average weekly number was over 36 billion ton miles. And that's where the numbers were in 2008. So that continues to bode well. If you look at the orders in the backlog, orders are exceeding deliveries by 8,000. The backlog going up to 65,000. If you look back, there's just probably only a few quarters that exist where that backlog was much higher than that number. I think that from a freight standpoint, everything looks good, but the risk is the economy. And the economy is what drives that freight market. When you look domestically at the transit markets, I think that what we're seeing is more encouraging than we've seen in the last 18 months to 2 years. And that's -- that people are seriously talking about a Transportation Bill that would eliminate the uncertainty that exist in the marketplace. And even if the amount of funding is not major -- is not increased by a large amount, it's good to have a consistent number that you can plan ahead on. We are excited also, from a transit standpoint, on the international basis, the global basis because, again, we're small player in large markets. And we're making great progress in that area. So, I think that, again, the big risk and that's what we're looking for as we look into 2012 is the economy. But I think Wabtec is uniquely positioned right now. We saw when we went in to the -- if there was a downturn, I think it would be a 6, 9 month delay before we would see the impact of that. And we also have good internal growth from our new technologies and other growth initiatives we started. And lastly, we've shown that we're a proven company that can find companies. We could acquire them and then integrate them well and get the advantage of that. So we're extremely excited like most businesses are right now, but that doom and gloom of the economy is definitely something that weighs on our minds as we look forward.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then last, just going back to the positive train control. You gave a lot of great detail. Can you remind us again, at what point at least on the freight side where we could expect to see more contracts announced? Is it the field testing, or is it the submission of the product safety plan, or is it longer-term out there?
Albert J. Neupaver: In the freight arena, you will not see large contracts. What you'll see is that we will continue to get orders for the onboard computer and some of the service work. But most of the large contracts would really be more associated in the international and transit arena. So what we will see is our backlog should actually increase as people put more orders into -- install the computers onboard. So I don't think you're going to see large orders that would give you that indication. It would probably just be our backlog that would go up in that area.
Operator: And our next question comes from Art Hatfield from Morgan Keegan.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. Al, you've talked about your optimism and about the outlook. Are you seeing any slowdown in any segments of your business, whether it's a product-wise or geographic?
Albert J. Neupaver: Only thing we have seen is the impact of the corruption and the crash in China. Now we don't have a large investment at this time in China, but they have definitely slowed down. One, they slowed down their high-speed trains, which has an impact because we have a lot of friction products on those high-speed trains. And some of their programs are delayed right now. We think they'll work their way through that, but that is the only thing that I have, and that is just such a small part of our business right now.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Is it less than 1%?
Albert J. Neupaver: The impact is less than 1% easily.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then, just the other thing, I heard your commentary on PTC. This has been a long evolving thing. You guys have been pretty specific about your guidance on the freight side. But I get a sense from your comments today that you're trying to temper expectations on the transit side. Am I hearing you right? And if so, where is that coming from?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we're not trying to do any kind of tempering. We're not trying to show optimism. What we're trying to do is give you facts. And I think that with those facts we continue, we'll continue to announce when we do have contracts. But it's a marketplace where, as I indicated, the assumptions need to take in consideration market share, complexity, government transit projects. And I just think it's prudent to be very cautious on coming to quick assumptions in that area.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Is your lack of willingness to give us kind of a range of opportunity due to what you just said, lack of visibility, or do you have internal numbers, but yet, the range is so wide, you just don't feel comfortable putting that out there.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that because of the uncertainties that I tried to point out, I think it -- I would hate to mislead anyone, and I want to make sure that they understand the variables that really, truly exist when you try to quantify this. Yes, we've quantified it internally. And as I stated, we're excited about our opportunity. But I'm...
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's really helpful. So when you think about when you give a guidance going forward, are you leaving out that opportunity based on those variables you talked about? Are you giving us an extremely low number relative to your internal expectations about what that...
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, as you know, we don't give guidance out beyond the annual guidance. And right now, all we've done is given guidance for the year, this year. So we really haven't given any guidance out beyond that. Next year, when we do the annual guidance which is, normally, we do it -- and if we do it the same way this year, it'd be at the end of the first quarter. Yes, the end of the fourth quarter, earnings are released, we'll try to give you more color on it. But at this point, we're not trying to give any guidance whatsoever. We're just trying to give you facts about the marketplace and the various variables that exist in that market place.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First, Alvaro, you said there's room for improvement to the 15.1% op margin in the quarter. Just given the good volume environment we're seeing right now and presumably into next year, where do you think that can go?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We really need to be honest. I think Al touched on it with PTC, so I want to repeat the same thing. So we're going to be repeating ourselves. We really don't give guidance on margins. Obviously, it's a factor that we stress considerably. And with our QPS efforts, we're always seeking continuous improvements, and that's one of the reasons we've been able to raise them. I think going forward, volume could have an impact on margins. Mix could have an impact on margins, and our ongoing QPS efforts could have an effort -- could have an effect on margins. And as we give guidance, we'll talk about margins a little bit. But we really don't like to predict where they could go other than to say, "Geez, we seek to continuously improve them and, hopefully, we can, going forward."
Albert J. Neupaver: And one thing's for sure, there's going to be a tremendous amount of pressure on the team here that continue to improve the margins as we have in the last 5 years. And As we go through our budgeting cycle or planning cycle that we're doing right now, there's a lot of focus on continuing to improved on those margins.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great color. And just to help me frame it up, you're not talking about 10 or 20 or 30 basis points, but there are opportunities based on what you see internally to go beyond that? At least, is that fair to think about?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think that we would -- if you look backwards, you realize that when you -- every bit of improvement going forward is more difficult than the one you just had. But we obviously incrementally want to continue to improve those margins just as we have in the past.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And another PTC question. If I heard you correctly, you said you think about $100 million for the year. How will 4Q compare to the first 3 quarters? Or can you tell us how PTC has come in so far?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Then not because we're wise people, but if you do remember back to earlier in the year, the questions related to PTC, we told everyone that we thought that we'd start to see increased revenue in the back half of the year, and most of it in the fourth quarter. And that's holding to be true.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So 4Q will be bigger than the first 3 quarters combined, is that right?
Albert J. Neupaver: No, I didn't say that. I just said this will increase as the year goes on. Good try.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Incremental margins came in at 20%, same as last quarter on a big volume increase. Can you talk through price, cost, the manufacturing efficiencies? Can you tell us what's going right, right now? And where you potentially see upside?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I thing the environment is not terrific on the price side, and there are some pressure from inflation. But we are still able to get a little bit of pricing in those areas where we have a niche or a differentiated product. When you look at the efficiencies in the manufacturing, when we're ramping up still from what was a very low level of production just 9, 12 months ago, I think there's still some inefficiencies. So we would expect we could do better than the percent. And I think that's something that we will stay focused on especially as we do our planning into 2012.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one more, I'll get back in line. If you look at the order data right now, you're seeing a lot of tank and small cube covered hopper. Is there a big difference in content per car on a tank car versus a cement car?
Albert J. Neupaver: No. We're agnostic when it comes to type of car.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So then, really, the mix doesn't have a big effect on your revenue through the cycle?
Albert J. Neupaver: That's correct.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kristine Kubacki from Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned a little bit about China slowing down. And I was just wondering, the bigger macro worry of the day, depending on what day it is, is Europe. Are you seeing anything in that end market that could spell trouble for you all? And can you update us maybe a little bit more in the longer-term how your push into that market is going?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that Europe could have a major impact from an economic standpoint, which could change the dynamics going forward for the economy on a global basis. That we really have -- we're like everyone else. We're hoping they get through their issues. I think that Europe, this economic crisis could have -- this a personal opinion, I think it could have an impact on Europe for a couple of years here, even if the rest of the global economy grows. How does that impact us? Not a tremendous amount at this point because we do -- the areas that we play in, in Europe are primarily a lot of aftermarket and a lot of transit. And I think that what we've been seeing in the last recession, there's not a major impact in there. Now, what I would be concerned about is the fact that they may not create some of the new transit programs because of that particular crisis. But we're not seeing that. We're -- we still see a lot of projects going on. And obviously, we have the same concern as others, but I kind of feel they'll work through their promise. It's going to take time.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, I guess, can you -- you mentioned a little bit about your similar interest, obviously, in acquisitions. Can you give us an idea on the strength of the acquisition pipeline? And are you seeing any opportunities in parts of the world where maybe the macro concerns are a bit higher?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, our acquisition program is very busy right now. We've got a lot going on. There's a lot more activity. What we have seen is there's a lot more people in that area right now because a lot of people do have cash. So private equities back into the game as well. So there's a lot of activity. We have a good pipeline. And hopefully, we'll stay very disciplined on how we approach it going forward as we have in the past. But I think if you look at our track record, we've been able to acquire close to $125 million, $150 million with the businesses annually. And most importantly, we've been able to integrate them and get the value from them.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Perfect. And then just one last housekeeping question, Alvaro, maybe. Other income or other expense item was a little bit higher than I expected. Can you give us a little bit of color on that line item?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, sure. It is actually pretty simple. Interest expense is relatively stable. So the interest in other was relatively stable. It was down slightly. The reason for the increase was a paper FX loss. If you want to get into the details of accounting, I can bore you with it. It basically relates to how you've translated all the company balances. But it resulted in the paper FX loss a little bit over $1 million. And that's what drove it up. We expect that to be nonrecurring, I mean, that's one area that we try to emphasize, so we keep those to a minimum. But we had that one this quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Group from Wolfe Trahan
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So, Al, it seems like you've got a pretty good feel for the upcoming Highway Bills from Boxer and Mica. Wondering if you have any sense if there's going to be anything in there related to PTC, either funding directly for PTC, or perhaps, I don't know, on the negative side, potentially a delay to PTC? I know there was some talk about that in the original Mica proposal a few months ago?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we've heard a lot of talk, but we have no intelligence whatsoever that -- of any of that related to PTC. I think right now, they're trying to get the headlines out, and that is, they both want to get a Transportation Bill done. And I think the details in the committee are just not known at this point. I think there's some speculation out there, but we'll just have to wait and see.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And I know it sounds like it's too early to make any sort of -- give any sort of guidance on the Wabtec opportunity with PTC on the transit site. But is there any way to put some industry numbers around what you think the market opportunity is for PTC with transit authorities?
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't have the number. I'd hate to pull one out of the sky. I think it's kind of early right now because what happens is there's only 4 or 5 transit agencies that are actually working on it right out. There's others talking about it. But the extent of the project could be as simple as putting on a few onboard computers and maybe a little bit of track work to really doing a lot more and upgrading their entire signaling system. So it really is a broad range, and I'd hate to give you a number that we really don't have a great feel for at this time because of the variance that you're going to get from one agency to the another. I mean, in the case of Denver, I mean, this is 3 brand new lines. And you know that Metrolink is a very large project because of just the vastness of that system. And we've tried to point out, I mean, you go down to Northern County and San Diego, only 10 locomotives. That could be a very simple system, or they can make them more complex and change their entire dispatch system. So if it's a broad range.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, well that makes sense. Any sense on the -- how much of the backlog is PTC-related at this point?
Albert J. Neupaver: We have the -- the Brazil contract would be in there, Metrolink. Denver is not in the number yet because we didn't sign that until the fourth quarter. And then beyond the -- so beyond this Brazil and the transit, it's probably a pretty small number.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, maybe 200-plus.
Albert J. Neupaver: Including those. Yes.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. Just last one if I can. I know we don't get the segment breakout until the queue on the margin side, but we've seems some -- certainly some pressure on transit margins the past 2 quarters. If we're think about an environment going forward of flatfish funding in the U.S. and growing international business, is that still an environment where you can get those margins back to where they were a few years ago? So I'm just trying to understand if you think that there's a margin improvement story getting -- kind of getting back to where we were even with some changes in mix in the transit business?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. This is Alvaro. I think you're going to see the transit margins remain relatively stable. They're affected by a few factors. Obviously, volume and mix are very significant factors in the transit margins. And obviously, we try to improve them with our QPS efforts as we go forward as well. But I would say going forward, we would expect the transit margins to be stable.
Operator: And our next question comes from Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter: You mentioned the increase in the amortization. Is that $4.1 million number a good run rate to use going forward for the rest of this year and, obviously, into 2012 after any other acquisitions?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I think amortization is mostly related to acquisitions and amortization of intangibles. You should expect it to be stable to slightly decreasing. Some of it is what we'd call -- whenever you make an acquisition, the amortization in the first few periods are a little bit higher than the recurring amortization. And we still have a little bit of that working its way through. So I would expect that, say, over the next couple of quarters, if you assume neutral acquisition, it should go down a little bit. But it's not a big number to begin with. So I would say a modest decrease going forward. A few hundred thousand in the quarter - for a couple of quarters and then that's about it.
Gregory W. Halter: All right. And I don't know if you have this, but do you have your -- the quarter-end share count on a basic basis?
Albert J. Neupaver: The spot number?
Gregory W. Halter: Yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes we have it somewhere here.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And it's $47.965 million on a -- not the weighted average, but the actual shares outstanding at the end of the quarter.
Gregory W. Halter: All right. And what's the outlook for the share repurchase given the price having a good day today of about $3.40 or so?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, that's good.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It's nice to have it go up. I'm glad that there's a favorable reaction to the news today. The share, we don't have a set target. We just acquaint everybody that's on the call. We have $150 million share repurchase program. I think we still have about $120 million available under that repurchase program, and we try to be opportunistic. We try to buy it when we believe the price is right. If you ask me, this is a personal opinion, this is not a -- this is just a personal opinion, not guidance. But in my mind, the stock is cheap. But we do tend to be opportunistic when we buy. And we have no set target for executing it, but we do have about $120 million of availability
Gregory W. Halter: Okay. And looking at the -- another component of the balance sheet, the equity balance, I think the last quarter, it was around slightly over $1 billion.
Albert J. Neupaver: Right, right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. It should be right around there. We got a kind of preliminary basis, and it's still subject to review. But it's about $1.015 billion.
Gregory W. Halter: 15?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, $1.015 billion, roughly.
Gregory W. Halter: Okay, great. And one last one for you and I think you may have mentioned this, but the Denver PTC contract, that is not in the backlog, correct?
Albert J. Neupaver: That's correct.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That's correct. That's booked after the quarter. We don't include it in backlog until we have a firm PO or contract. And that wasn't booked until after the quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Al, you said you expect 40,000 deliveries this year. Year-to-date, we're just under 31,000. So the implication is 9,000 in 4Q. I know you're not trying to figure it down to the car, but do you really think 4Q deliveries would be under 3Q?
Albert J. Neupaver: I looked at that because I think year-to-date is like 30,772, and that's why we said, "about".
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. But you're not looking for a significant decline presumably, right?
Albert J. Neupaver: No, no. We're not -- realize, the 40,000 was printed before we got the data. The data, actually, I didn't see it until like 9:00 this morning.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And...
Albert J. Neupaver: And if you look at the second quarter, it was 10. So you had 7, 6, 10. So the -- I'm being very honest with you, we didn't change the 40, but we did say, "About".
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. And just based on how you've seen production ramp and the supply base respond, what level of production do you think the industry can support on a run rate as we go into '12? I'm not asking for a delivery guidance. I'm just trying to say -- to see where are we? If you analyze it, analyze 3Q, we're at 50,000. So presumably, upside from there, right?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I believe so. I think that -- what I am hearing though that most people are quoting well into 2012 on these orders which I think is good. You far rather see it over a period of time, and not just a prompt jump than a reaction to it. So yes, I think there's room for delivery growth without question. But I'd rather see it the way it's going nice and gradual.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, I understand. Well, I -- the reason I ask, a few quarters ago, we were all talking about castings being constraint...
Albert J. Neupaver: The supply chain is not a constraint at this point. I don't think with anyone that I'm aware of. Definitely not us.
Operator: And we have an additional question from Tom Albrecht from BBT.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: The one thing I was a little bit surprised by was the sales performance in the Freight Group, $315 million. A lot of times, historically, there can be some seasonal issues, whether that's Europe or elsewhere, that leads that revenue to not be so dramatically above the second quarter. Can you comment on that? And then historically, your fourth quarter freight revenues because of budget reasons and that tend to accelerate even from the third quarter, so kind of a twofold comment?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, well, first of all, there's not a lot of freight business in Europe. And typically, Europe has the August shutdown type of thing. It impacts the revenue. But that would not impact the freight markets. I think what you're seeing in freight is, I mean, just what we said, 10 miles is up, but $36 billion weekly average. And if -- I don't know if I have it here, but if -- if you went back to -- let me give you some ton miles, I mean ton miles is everything to us, so as we try to track it. In the second quarter -- first quarter was 30, was average for the quarter. Second quarter was 32, third quarter was 32. But at the end of the third quarter, it went up to like halfway through. It was 34 all the way up to 36. So you're seeing quite a difference in ton miles. And also, if you look at the deliveries which drives our business, it's not the orders as much. And you'll see first quarter was 7,600 then 10,600, now 12,500. That 2,000 car deliveries is a big growth number. I mean, we talk about on a share of base the number of almost equivalent to 4,000 per car. So that's -- you're talking about $8 million incremental business just from that. So those are the things driving in our other business. I mean, the fright markets and the international basis are good in Australia, Brazil, even China. So those are the things that drive that. And I think the normal seasonality that you talk about would really be on a year where you don't have those factors that are driving it. We also are seeing some freight PTC growth. And that's in those numbers as well.
Thomas S. Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And yes, and obviously, Europe is small in the freight and I remember the traditional U.S. factory shut downs in that, so you did right through it with good trends and I appreciate that color.
Albert J. Neupaver: Greg has there another question, right?
Operator: Correct. We have a follow-up question from Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter: And again, one quick one. On an overall basis, what is the company's revenues now on an outside the U.S. basis?
Albert J. Neupaver: Outside of the U.S. basis is -- international sales is 46% in the quarter. Outside of the U.S., I would -- I don't have that number exact, but I'll give you an estimation, probably in the 36% to 38% range.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Outside of that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Outside of that, yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And everyone, at this time, I'm showing no additional questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Great, okay. Thanks very much, everybody.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, everybody. See you in a few months.
Operator: And with that, our conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentations. You may now disconnect your telephone lines.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary Albert Neupaver - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley. Please go ahead.
Timothy Wesley: Thanks, Valerie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call today. Let me introduce the other members of the Wabtec team that are here. President and CEO, Al Neupaver; Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; Chief Operating Officer, Ray Betler; and our Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. We have some prepared remarks from Al and Alvaro, and then we'll be happy to take your questions.  During the call, we will make forward-looking statements. So please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. I also want to point out that on today's call, we will refer to those GAAP and non-GAAP EPS and income from operations numbers. Reconciliations for those numbers are included in our press release.  We believe that the non-GAAP measures provide useful supplemental information to assess our operating performance and to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, Wabtec's reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Al, go ahead.
Albert Neupaver: Okay. Good morning, everyone. We had a very strong operating performance in the second quarter with record sales and a record backlog. We earned a GAAP EPS of $0.75. If we exclude the special items we mentioned in the press release and which we'll talk about on this call, we earned a non-GAAP EPS of $0.94, which was also a record. As we'll discuss, this performance was driven mostly by growth in our Freight Group, but our Transit Group continues to perform well.  Based on this second quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the year, we raised our annual guidance to $3.45 to $3.55 earnings per diluted share, excluding the special items. Clearly, our business is performing very well, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec performance system. We are positioned well to take advantage of our growth opportunities around the world.  Let's talk a little bit about these special items that Tim mentioned. As we announced last month, after a long-running legal battle, a jury awarded Favlay [ph] $18.1 million based on a claim that stems from a 1993 product license agreement. That amount could change pending on any post-trial adjustments for previous payments and interest. We're disappointed in the outcome and plan to appeal, but we needed to record the $18.1 million charge in this quarter. Most importantly about this situation is that it has no impact on our ability to supply customers in the past or will have no impact on the business going forward.  We also recorded 2 other special items, both of which were benefits. When we acquired Ricon subsidiary in 2008, we had certain amount of money set aside. During this quarter, we received $2.4 million from Ricon's prior owner to settle several claims for which Wabtec had been indemnified. This was the final settlement on those issues. We also had a tax benefit of $1.7 million from the resolution of tax issues from prior years. As I mentioned, we raised our 2011 EPS guidance based on current backlog and outlook. We are now expecting earnings per diluted share between $3.45 and $3.55, with sales growth of about 20% for the year. This guidance excludes the special items we recorded this quarter. Our guidance assumes the following: the global economy continues to grow modestly, freight rail traffic continues to improve with the economy, the transit markets continue to be stable and there's no major changes in foreign exchange rates. We will continue to stick to our long-held philosophy, that is to be disciplined when it comes to costs, focus on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities. Let's first take a look at the freight rail markets. Rail traffic continues to grow this year. Although the rate of growth has slowed due in part to tougher comparison and some weather factors cited by the railroads during the second quarter. Through mid-July, ton miles have increased 3.5% this year and intermodal traffic was up 7.2%. The increase in traffic, as well as additional service contract, primarily related to positive train control, has led to strong growth on our North American aftermarket business, with aftermarket sales in the second quarter up 46% compared to the year ago quarter.  The freight OEM markets also continue to strengthen, with OEM sales up 62%. We now expect about 40,000 new freight cars to be delivered this year, up from our original forecast of 30,000 to 35,000. Second quarter deliveries were 10,600, more than triple last year's quarter. New orders come in at 16,900, almost 4x last year's quarter. And the backlog for rail cars rose to over 57,000, the highest in 4 years. As for the locomotive build, it is also increasing with our expectations now that there will be at least 800 built this year compared to our original estimate of 700. In the second quarter, our freight revenues hit a record quarterly high of $280 million. Even with OEM deliveries still below the long-term average, which bodes well for continued growth. Let's look at the transit markets. Our transit sales increased 8% compared to a year ago quarter. Acquisitions have enabled us to overcome some short-term challenges in the U.S. market, which have been affected by budget issues and our transit agency customers and uncertainty about the timing of the new federal transportation bill. Our strategic diversity has helped us to overcome these transit markets issues.  This diversity consists of sales were about 2/3 outside of the U.S., about 2/3 were in aftermarket. Product-wise, we cover 4 main areas: components for subway cars, components for buses, we do manufacture locomotives, and we overhaul and maintain locomotives as well as passenger cars. Our customer base, therefore, is also very diversified. Plus, we've continued to invest strategically in future growth with acquisitions, new product development and global expansion.  Thanks to these strategies and growth initiatives, our transit backlog increased 3% this quarter. Year-to-date, orders are running slightly ahead of last year, with some not yet in the backlog as we negotiate some final contracts.  Looking at the transit markets, we see a stable yet challenging U.S. market, with agencies cutting costs and federal funding about flat. However, ridership was up 1.6% in the quarter, the first increase since the fourth quarter of 2008. OEM transit car deliveries will be about 1,000 in 2011, with new bus deliveries of 4,800. Both figures are slightly less than last year.  We're at various stages of negotiating final contracts with several projects this quarter. We did announce a $12 million order to provide braking components for our new subway cars in New Jersey Transit. And there are other contracts that we expect to announce in the coming months.  The politicians in DC that we all have come to love have talked about a new federal transportation bill, but none of the proposals seem to be gaining traction. And it's looking like they'll just extend the current bill again. We continue to make progress in various international transit markets, so we are very positive about our transit opportunities based on long-term demographic and economic trends, and our relatively small market share in large global markets. Overall, we will continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Cash remains a priority. It provides the opportunity to invest in organic growth and acquisitions and they return money directly to shareholders in various ways. At our annual meeting in May, the Board voted to increase our dividend to $0.03 per quarter and to increase our stock buyback authorization back up to $150 million.  During the quarter, we repurchased 95,000 shares of Wabtec stock for about $6 million. We are focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital, controlling capital expenditures. This will enable us to continue to invest in our 4 strategic growth opportunities: global market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new products, and technologies and acquisitions. In the global market expansion area, we've shown some success this quarter. Sales outside of the U.S. were $237 million, 35% higher than in 2010. During the quarter, we announced the fifth joint venture in China. We also announced 2 major contracts in Australia. We announced an order for 22 locomotives for CBH, an Australian grain hauler. And a $21 million project to install electronic controlled pneumatic brakes on Rio Tinto's fleet of iron ore cars. We have also seen in non-rail internationally.  In the aftermarket area, overall aftermarket sales were $293 million, 61% of our total sales with growth of 48% compared to the prior year. This is due to our growth initiatives, acquisitions, increasing rail traffic, which benefits our global service unit among others, and increased service contracts, especially in the positive train control area. As far as acquisitions, the integration of Brush Traction, which we acquired during the first quarter, is going well, as is the integration of the transit aftermarket product launch we bought from General Electric just last month. We integrated this business into our already established service center network. Brush Traction is based in the U.K. and has 2 facilities, one near Birmingham and the second one in Scotland. Brush provides locomotive overhaul and maintenance services, annual sales of about $55 million. It is a great complement to our Wabtec rail business in Doncaster, England. We see opportunities for top line growth and margin expansion.  The transit aftermarket product lines from GE is also a good fit with Wabtec. We have exclusive rights to manufacture and distribute propulsion and control system products for an installed base of nearly 5,000 transit cars in North America. This acquisition expands our footprint in the transit aftermarket and fits well with our recent acquisitions of Swiger Coil. As for new products, I'd like to provide just a brief update on positive train control. We're moving full speed ahead to help the industry meet the December 15 implementation deadline. We're seeing good growth in PTC this year, with sales expected to exceed $50 million, as we continue working with the U.S. Class I railroads and transit agencies to develop the interoperable solution. These efforts have moved into the laboratory testing phase.  Sales were about $20 million last year. We signed 2 major PTC contracts in the first quarter and we are negotiating others, $165 million contract with a railroad in Brazil MRS for a turnkey solution included -- includes project managing, signaling, communications, train dispatch equipment and onboard electronic equipment for 500 locomotives and 50 auxiliary vehicles. The project is scheduled to be completed in 2013. MRS is the fourth largest railroad in Brazil.  We had also signed a $27 million contract to provide PTC equipment and services for Metrolink, a commuter agency that serves Southern California. They want to have the project completed by the end of next year. I'll now turn it over to Alvaro.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thanks, Al. And good morning, everyone. I'll provide a brief financial summary of our results.  Sales for the quarter were a record $479 million, which was 28% higher than last year. This increase of about 2/3 came from organic growth and the balance from acquisition. Freight Group sales were up about 47%, with almost all of that coming from internal growth. The aftermarket growth of the Freight Group was primarily due to increasing rail traffic and growth initiatives, which Al mentioned earlier. OEM sales almost doubled because of increasing demand for new locomotives and freight cars and growth in non-rail market such as power gen.  Transit Group sales increased about 8%, with acquisitions more than offsetting slightly lower organic sales. Margins, as you know and we discussed extensively, we're always driving to drive our operation margins higher. For the quarter, GAAP income from operations was $56 million, including the special items Al mentioned. Two of these special items, the $18.1 million charge from the Favlay [ph] ruling and the $2.4 million benefit from the settlement, were included in SG&A.  If you exclude both of those items from SG&A, our non-GAAP income from operations of $72 million for an operating margin of 15% compared to 13.3% in the year ago quarter. While we think this is a nice improvement, we always feel there is room for more improvement over time and that's our constant goal. A few of the other smaller P&L items, interest, interest expense was lower due mostly to lower net debt compared to the year ago. Other expense, which is typically a pretty small item and that's mostly due to paper FX translation gain or losses. We had a small loss this quarter.  The effective tax rate, this is another one of the special items that we mentioned. The tax rate for this quarter was 30%, which was slightly lower than the year ago quarter due to the $1.7 million benefit from the resolution of prior year tax issues. What we did is we closed calendar '07 and '08, leaving only '09 and '10 open. Our tax rate will fluctuate over time, obviously, but we expect it to be somewhere in the 34% to 35% range in the future.  A few other items, turning to the balance sheet. Working capital was up mostly due to increased sales, but working capital excluding cash was down quarter-to-quarter by about $8 million, showing that at least we're making some progress in our initiative. Receivables were $337 million, up $31 million from March 31. Inventories were $311 million, up $26 million and offsetting that were payables which were $186 million, up $11 million. Cash at June 30, we had $221 million in cash compared to $201 million in cash at March 31 in '11. We generated cash in the quarter from operations of about $50 million. Debt at June 30, we had $396 million in debt compared to $400 million at March 31. So that's relatively stable. And if you take a look at our balance sheet, I think you'll agree that we have plenty of capacity for investing in, in additional growth opportunities and we're not restrained in a financial sense at all.  A few more of the typical numbers that we give you during this call. Depreciation was $6.6 million during the quarter, same as last year. Amortization was $3.3 million versus $2.1 million, the increase being mostly due to amortization of intangibles from acquisitions. CapEx, our totals were $5.4 million this quarter versus $3.4 million last year. Year-to-date, CapEx is about $12.8 million and we expect about $25 million to $28 million for the year. In terms of backlog, as we mentioned, the backlog is very solid and reached a record high. The multiyear backlog, this includes the 12-year number, so this is the total backlog compared to the last quarter-to-quarter ended March 31. The total is $1.51 billion versus $1.49 billion at March 31, so a slight increase. The transit number is $811 million versus $791 million last quarter. That transit backlog number is the highest since second quarter of '09. And freight was relatively stable, $701 million versus $705 million at the end of the last quarter.  The rolling 12-month backlog compared to year end is, this is what we expect to execute in the next 12 months, in total, was $970 million versus $821 million last year. Transit was $410 million versus $365 million, and freight was $560 million versus $456 million. So an increase in all the total.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Al for the summary.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again, we had a strong performance in the quarter with record sales and earnings and a record backlog. Longer term, we just couldn't be any more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities we see. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model in the Wabtec performance system, which gives us the tools we need to generate cash and reduce costs. We have an experienced management team that is now taking advantage of our growth opportunities. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: You touched on the transportation reauthorization proposal a little bit. But can you just give us a little more color maybe, particularly with transit and then the PTC implications, and if there's anything upholding people up in those 2 areas specifically?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, the transportation reauthorization or SAFETEA-LU Bill that has been expired since September 2009, although there's been a lot of discussions related to that particular bill, nothing has really been set in concrete. There has been some proposals that were put out by a number of politicians, that one proposal was there was going to be some cutbacks, it was a lot of pushback related to that from both sides of the house. And what we're hearing is that they're really looking at just extending it beyond. They will not be able to come to any kind of reality to formulate a bill and determine how it's going to be funded or even the amounts associated with that transportation bill. The implications from that is that as long as that's in limbo, I think there's a reluctance on the part of the transit authorities here in North America to really get aggressive with their growth plans. Although the same amount of money will be available for these capital expenditures -- and there is a lot of projects that are already in the works here. And as a matter of fact, I mean, we are very busy with a number of finalizations on contracts and quoting on new projects. So we think it's fine for a while, but you start to soon run out of the money that has already been approved and some of the projects. So we're really anxious to see that bill start to be formulated and to move forward. As far as the bill is concerned related to PTC, we're not aware of any impact on that transportation bill will have on the implementation of positive train control. We're working very diligently to do our part of supplying the technology, and we think things are moving along quite well.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Great. And then on Brazil, it seems like we're hearing a lot about that country this quarter. You had a big contract there. Could you talk about potentially the market size for Wabtec's products there since it's going so fast?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, I think Brazil, we identified the opportunity in Brazil a number of years ago and we started a aftermarket business with one of the railroads. And that business has grown nicely for us. Not only are we going aftermarket for that railroad, but we have aftermarket business with some of the other railroads. The opportunity that this created for us is we have the opportunity to quote on a turnkey train control system for MRS. The MRS is the fourth largest railroad in Brazil. These relationships continue to grow. We also added a friction business in Brazil, so we have an installed base in that area. The market is growing rapidly. In comparison, if you broke it down freight and transit, the transit market is very small compared to the transit market here in the U.S., but the thing that's happening right now, they're expanding in preparation for the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The freight market, what they're trying to do now is to upgrade the system and buying locomotives, as well as putting in better signaling systems and upgrading the technology on their rail cars, which were involved in all of those.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Albrecht of BB&T.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Alvaro, just a clarification. On the benefit of $2.4 million from the settlement related to the prior acquisition, was that in the SG&A line?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, that was in the SG&A line. So it partially offset the negative from the settlement -- not the settlement, the court ruling on the Favlay [ph] matter.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Good. And then I think you mentioned, Al, that PTC revenues this year will exceed $50 million. And can you talk about -- I know you talked about the 4- and 5-year picture, but do you have some sense where that may be headed as you look into 2012?
Albert Neupaver: With that, it's kind of early to provide guidance for 2012. What we have said and continue to feel is going to be the case is the fact that we thought we'd start seeing more of a ramp up in the fourth quarter of this year from PTC activities. Right now, what's happening is that there's a lot of work being done in the laboratory to test the software out. This moves to be in a field test early next year. And as it moves into the field test stage, obviously, there should be a increase in demand for a lot more of the hardware. And that's the basis of what we're talking about. We would expect over that timeframe, the numbers that we've explained before, I think you could probably estimate your own a ramp-up based on those numbers.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Finally, we've seen a little bit of upward reality and that's what caught my attention.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. exactly, Tom.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: And then lastly, Alvaro, SG&A still kind of $53 million to $55 million a quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. And then that's once you take out the special items that were in SG&A and that's where we were, and I think that's a reasonable run rate going forward, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristine Kubacki of Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: Just a quick question on some of the car builders have been suggesting that production has been capped by supply chain issues. And I'm just wondering if you could just make a comment either in terms of, are you using any supply chain issues internal to you? And kind of in general, do you see the industry, obviously, it's a very quick ramp and I understand that. So do you this smoothing out over the next couple of quarters? Obviously, you raised your forecast for the full year in terms of the industry car production.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. I think a lot of people have worked through most of the supply chain problems that have existed. Now that doesn't mean that we could start meeting -- everyone could start meeting the demands. If you look at the rail car builders, and you're exactly right, take a look at just 1 year ago, when the deliveries were 2,900 and we had 6 rail car builders. And all of a sudden now, you want to ramp that up to 10,600 that were delivered in the quarter. That is -- puts a lot of stress on the supply chain. But what we're seeing and we don't particularly have any major issues, and what we're seeing from others is that I think most people have worked through the supply chain issues that were created in the first quarter and second quarter.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then my final question was, unfortunately, given the accident, the terrible accident in China over the weekend and there's been a lot of shuffling again going on there. I guess, do you see any -- I know it's really early on as well, but do you see any near term impacts from the shakeup going on in China?
Albert Neupaver: Yes. As everyone knows there was shakeup inside the Ministry of the Railroad. And one of the concerns that the Ministry had was the amount of money that's being spent and how rapid they've been growing and was there issues related to safety and other areas. And it is very unfortunate, the accident, and the best we know it appears that there may have been a problem with the signaling system. I think that what we've already heard and seen from is a slowdown. They've lowered the speed that they're running the high-speed trains at and they're reassessing primarily their entire program. I think this reassessment will have some impact on the amount of revenue and sales that go in there. We don't have a great sales base. It's something that we're developing. We think long term, however, the market is going to be a good market and one that we want to participate in. As we have it right now, and we are very diverse in our product base there, and we still see our particular revenue and sales in China increasing this year and into the future.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: On the locomotive build, you raised your forecast. Could you give us some idea -- we get a good idea in terms of what the rail car build looks like over the year, but can you give us an idea how back-end loaded that locomotive build is for the locomotive manufacturers?
Albert Neupaver: Back-end loaded. Yes. I think it's an even slope. I don't think there's any rapid buildup. Are you related the supply chain issues or just...
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: No, just on the production side.
Albert Neupaver: No, I think it's a pretty gradual growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Can you talk about inquiry activity in the quarter so far? You talked about the nice order momentum that we saw in 2Q on the freight OE side. Are you seeing a continuation of that as we progress through July?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we've not seen any slowdown in activity. Things still look pretty good. A lot of activity, especially in the transit area.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Yes, that was encouraging. And so if supply chain constraints have reached to some degree and you're not seeing a slowdown in momentum, can you talk about pricing? Are you able to go to your customers and get some increases?
Albert Neupaver: Pricing is still difficult. It takes a little bit of time for everyone to fill up their capacity. And then pricing, we're always looking to get paid appropriately for our products, our technology. However, it is always a bit difficult in the transit areas where you have closed bids. But in the freight area, until we get back up to more normal rates in locomotive and rail car business, I don't think there's going to be a lot of opportunity for that.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: More normal rates being above the 40,000 that you talked about?
Albert Neupaver: Exactly.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And going back to the locomotive build question, can you update us on your content per freight locomotive? And have you seen any change following the CAT acquisition of EMD in terms of your ability to sell to them?
Albert Neupaver: No. We have a great relationship with CAT and EMD and other locomotive builders throughout the country. If we build the locomotive, we could have content from other divisions selling into that locomotive of $200,000 to $225,000 per locomotive.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Great. And one just kind of housekeeping, the court decision that you talked about, you said the amount could change. Would that change be a meaningful number and should we think about that going up or down? Do you have any color there?
Albert Neupaver: There's a chance that there would be some interest that could be paid and that's not a large number, definitely, under $1 million. If there's any substantial changes, it would be in the downward direction based on, one, we've had already paid close to $4 million on a previous agreement from the arbitration panel. So if we get credit for that amount, which has not been determined yet, and any appeal would obviously get it going in the right direction as far as we're concerned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just a couple, and I don't -- if you said any of these numbers, I apologize. But Alvaro, in the backlog number, the $1.5 million, how much of that is PTC?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It's not really that much and I tell you why, because we don't put anything on backlog until we get the specific order. So I'm doing this also -- most of the domestic PTC stuff, like the onboard equipment, that's not in backlog yet. You might have something in there on this MRS agreement and the Metrorail agreement, but those would not be huge quantities, just strictly PTC.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Is that the kind of -- is that onboard PTC stuff the kind of components that would rarely show up in backlog because of the short lead times?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Exactly, yes.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay, okay.
Albert Neupaver: Where the larger contracts would be in there. The MRS and the MetroLink that we announced. That's in the backlog. But the component and some of the service work are just, they may show up, they're 30-day, 45-day items.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Again, like the MRS contract was about $163 million. The MetroLink contract was in the 30s, I think. So I mean, those amount are on backlog but the PTC elements of those are relatively small. You have back office work, you have communications work, you have a number of elements to it. So strictly, though, the PTC part is small.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Got it. Regarding PTC, and I don't recall you saying this today, Al, but you've said in the past that your expectations are revenue contribution from PTC over the timeframe of implementation to be between $250 million and $500 million. Any change to that, and any kind of thought process whether or not you think it's going to be at a lower or higher end of that range?
Albert Neupaver: The one thing we've always said is, we've been very open on how we calculate that number, and that there's a lot of other business related to PTC not in that number. But that number is really based on the onboard computer, the onboard system. And based on the number of locomotives that would have to be equipped with PTC, as well as a very conservative portion of business that we would get after the acquisition of Xorail. So that number doesn't include, for example, it does not include MRS. It does not include transit opportunities similar to this MetroLink. It really was based on something that you could get your arms around. So from a PTC standpoint, there's a lot of adjacent business that we would expect to have over time, and not quantify that, and probably won't.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. So I'm hearing you say that when it's all said and done, when you start throwing transit in and then the ancillary work related to it, it could ultimately be a number north of that range possibly?
Albert Neupaver: Possibly.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. On the 12-month backlog, the 970, Alvaro, is that going to pretty evenly lapped [ph] over the next 4 quarters?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think so, yes.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Nothing sticks out as unusual?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: No, not really.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Should we see this year the normal seasonality that we typically see with regards to revenue and earnings in the back half of the year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think so I, Art, because that's due to train closings and other items like that which are not really, let's say, attributable to economic factors. It's just a normal recurring pattern that occurred year-over-year. So I think, yes.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then finally, just kind of a longer term thing. You guys are obviously performing at levels that we've never seen, at least in my experience with this company and the performance is just unbelievable. To get to that kind of next level and I don't want -- I know you don't focus exclusively on operating margins, but just in that context as we think about the growth going forward, what has to happen, does there a need to guide of a structural change in the company or does the mix of the business need to change for us to think about you potentially getting to something in the higher teens or maybe even the 20% operating margins?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: So you're saying you're not really happy with where we are right now, right? Can't even celebrate for one day, right?
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: You're trying to put words into my mouth like I tried to put words into Al's mouth, and all I'm going to say is...
Albert Neupaver: I think, Art, to answer your question, our focus has really been on increasing our operating margin, our EBIT over this time frame. And you go back to 2006 and just follow the progression, even through the downturn, we lost less than 1% during the downturn with a reduction of $150 million of revenue. And this continuous improvement approach is exactly how we view it. We work every day to focus on the Wabtec performance system. We do focus on the pricing. We focus on sourcing. We focus on moving to lower-cost platforms. We also -- part of the formula going forward is the fact that we have, ahead of us, a great opportunity. And that is that not only we're going to get growth from acquisitions, but we have the ability to have some great internal growth potential here. And that's where you really are able to expand your margins with internal growth. Acquisitions, if you find the right ones and integrate them properly. So we're going to continue to focus on improving those margins and expand them. And we don't set a goal of 20%, we don't set a goal of 15.5%. We set the goal that we're going to continue each and every month, each and every quarter, each and every year.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Group of Wolfe Trahan.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: I just want to follow up on the revenue growth guidance of 20%. If we just assume flat revenue from second quarter, I kind of get to 26% revenue growth for the year. Am I missing something, or is guidance just very conservative, or do things fall right naturally in the second half?
Albert Neupaver: If I double the first half, I get to 24%. But generally, when we say 20%, there is a range around it and we tend to be conservative on our projections with the uncertainty that we have. And you do have some seasonality but you have to play in it as well. So we're not trying to be coy or anything, it's just that when you take a look at going forward, there are quite a bit of uncertainties that lay out there.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: That makes sense. So outside of just normal seasonality, you're not seeing anything to suggest that trends would slow from the really strong second quarter levels on the revenue side?
Albert Neupaver: Not at this point, no.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, great. And then I just want to follow up on the question about the highway bill. Is there any way to think about what percent of your transit revenue is actually impacted by federal funding in the highway bill? Just because when we see the House proposal, it does propose some pretty material reductions in transit funding. But I don't know how much of your actual transit revenue is impacted by federal funding.
Albert Neupaver: Federal funding makes up about 40% of what's spent on the capital budget of all these municipalities in the country, between 40% and 50%. And so if that gets cut back, it's obviously going to have an impact on us. But keep in mind that if you look at year-to-date, our OEM business, and this is OEM globally is 37% of our total transit sales, and about 58% of our transit sales year-to-date are outside of the U.S. So you start tracking this down, it will have an impact but it's just not a major number. It's an important number. We're focused on it. We have a good market share in that area. If there was a cut in the amount of money that is allocated to transit authorities, it will have an impact. But this is not a major item that would impact Wabtec just because of the diversity we have. And though some of that is what I talked about in the prepared remarks, we sell in 4 different areas, that's just product areas, then you add the international as well.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: That makes a lot of sense. And just last real quick, if I can, so following some acquisitions in Europe, I'm just kind of wondering where your European market share is today, and do you have any updated thoughts on where you think that could go in the next couple of years?
Albert Neupaver: Yes. It depends on the product as far as the market share. If you take a look at the transit markets, we're in the 5% range. And we hope that, that market share will -- it's a small number and a large market, so I think that growth should allow us to really have a successful growth. I don't see why we can't double that in a short order of time. And the freight market's probably about the same amount of market share. If you look at the aftermarket business, specifically in the U.K., we obviously have a larger market share with the recent acquisitions of Brush and WRL. So overall, we think that the European and international markets create a major growth opportunity for Wabtec because we are generally a small player in very large markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Halter of Great Lakes Review.
Gregory Halter: Relative to capital deployment plans, obviously, you've repurchased some shares, you've increased the dividend, you have made acquisitions with the caveat that the timing on acquisitions can never be projected very finitely. But just wondered if you discuss how the management team and the Board are viewing the capital deployment of the company since your cash flow is so strong, and it looks like it will continue to be?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we discuss at each Board meeting and our #1 priority that we have for cash deployment is internal development. We think that's the most profitable growth that this company could have. Secondly, we continue to look at acquisitions that we could bold on, or adjacencies that doesn't that our management team stray away from what we're good at and our core competency. And thirdly, we look at stock buyback, as well as dividends or special paybacks to the shareholders. So those are reviewed, priorities could change meeting to meeting. But right now, those have been pretty consistent over the past few years, with us really focusing on growth. And again, first, internal growth, and acquisition second.
Gregory Halter: And are there any particular areas in terms of acquisitions that the company could really utilize to get to the next level, if you will?
Albert Neupaver: I believe that I have been actually surprised about the opportunities when I got here 5, 6 years ago, I wasn't aware of just how many opportunities we had of being able to continue to expand our business in the rail areas, and we want to continue to do that. Those opportunities are primarily overseas where we may not have the market share that we would like to have and an installed base would definitely help. So we stay focused on that. The other area or adjacencies, and those are ones that we would view it as kind of a market expansion taking some of our technologies and products into new market and market areas. A very good example of that is how we've expanded our thermal management group into the power generation area and the gen set areas. Does that answer your question?
Gregory Halter: Yes. And Alvaro, one quick one for you, just wonder if you have an approximation on your equity level at June 30?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We were approaching $1 billion so -- I think we're over $1 billion dollars. So we're a little over that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have a follow-up question from Tom Albrecht of BB&T.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: I just want to follow-up on Scott's comment about revenue in the second half of the year. It's been so long since the economy kind of had a normal year. We fell out of bed and then we defied seasonal patterns on the initial recovery. Do you typically have a little more seasonality in the third quarter revenues? It seems like you do with the plant shutdowns than you would in the fourth quarter, just trying to get the flow of things right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. And we do, Tom. Typically what could happens is quite a few of our customers, basically that's their vacation period. And a lot of them will actually do plant shutdowns. And there's also a little bit of basically how the railroads spend. Typically, they set their budget in the fourth quarter. So fourth quarter could tend to be high as people try to justify their budgets, first quarter tends to be a little higher as well than kind of, certainly, the third. You've always seen a little bit of a slowdown in the third quarter for those 2 reasons. So there's an element of seasonality in our numbers.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: And then on the tax rate, 34%, 35%, just last quarter it was going to be 36%. Just why the change there?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We're always taking a look at tax saving initiatives. And a couple of things we've done, I think we're going to benefit going forward. So I think the 34% to 35% is a pretty good number.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then how come depreciation declined sequentially, $7.7 million, it was about $6.6 million. I'm just kind of splitting hairs and I don't mean to. I'm just trying to make sure my model makes sense.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. No, no, absolutely. The depreciation, I think was the same as last year's quarter, that's the number I had, about $6.6 million. That's always going to vary a little bit. The amortization has been going up sequentially because of acquisitions. And we keep CapEx pretty modest, we think, especially the last few years. So I think it's just a normal fact. I'd put it to you in a different way. I think you can use this quarter's run rate as a pretty good run rate going forward if you're trying to build a model. I don't see much change from where we are today, if that's helpful.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Wesley for any closing remarks.
Timothy Wesley: And I'll turn it back over to Al for any closing remarks.
Albert Neupaver: All right. Thanks a lot. I look forward to seeing you or talking to you again soon. Thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you, everybody.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary Albert Neupaver - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Scott Group - Wolfe Research Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley. Please go ahead.
Timothy Wesley: Thanks, Linda. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Wabtec's first quarter earnings conference call this morning. Let me introduce the rest of our team who's here, our President and CEO, Al Neupaver: Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; and our Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. As always, we will make our prepared remarks and then we will be happy to take your questions. We'll, of course, make some forward-looking statements during the call so please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. With that, I'll turn it over to Al Neupaver, our President and CEO.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Obviously, our first quarter performance was strong. We had record sales, record earnings and a record backlog. As we've discussed, this performance was driven mostly by growth in our Freight group. But our Transit group also showed some strength with sales increasing 10% compared to the fourth quarter of last year, and our Transit backlog also grew by about 14%. As a result of this first quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the year, we raised our annual EPS guidance again. Our new guidance is $3.20 to $3.30. Clearly, Wabtec is performing very well, which demonstrates the strength of our diversified business model, the benefits of our strategic initiatives and the power of our Wabtec performance system. As I said, we have raised our 2011 EPS guidance based on our current backlog and our outlook. We are now expecting EPS between $3.20 and $3.30, with sales growth of about 15% for the year. Some of you may call this conservative, but I just want to remind you that it's still early in the year. Our guidance assumes the following: global economy continues to grow, freight rail traffic continues to improve with the economy, transit market continues to be stable and no major changes in foreign exchange rates. We will continue to stick to our long-held philosophy: Be disciplined when it comes to cost; focus on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities. Let's first take a look at the freight rail market. In North America, rail traffic continues to grow this year. Through mid-April, ton miles increased 6% and intermodal traffic was up 9%. The increase in traffic has led to a rebound in our North American aftermarket business, with aftermarket sales in the first quarter up 37% compared to a year-ago quarter. Freight traffic is also growing globally especially in mining countries like Australia and Brazil. The North American railroads have continued to pull more parked cars and locomotives out of stowage, which is driving the OEM markets. Only about 280,000 cars or about 19% of the total fleet remain parked, down from a peak of more than 500,000 cars in the middle of 2009. New railcar outlook continues to improve. First quarter deliveries are estimated to be about 7,000, with orders at 26,000. So the backlog will rise to about 40,000, the highest in nearly 3 years. Most forecasters have the North American freight car build between 30,000 and 35,000 this year, with the locomotive build of about 700.  In the first quarter, our Freight revenues hit a quarterly record of $265 million. Even with OEM deliveries still well below the long-term average, this bodes well for continued growth. Rail car deliveries peaked in 2006 at about 75,000 and the locomotive build reached 1,500 in 2008. Let's look at the transit market. Global transit markets have remained stable. This is consistent with what we've indicated in prior quarters. This stability is despite some short-term challenges in the U.S. market due to budget issues and our transit agency customers. OEM transit car deliveries are estimated at about 1,000 and new bus deliveries at about 4,800. Both figures are slightly less than last year. We have been selected for several projects this year and are in various stages of negotiating final contracts so no announcements just yet. As transit agencies and federal government sort out funding matters, we should continue to see orders pick up, but it will take some time. We have seen a recovery in ridership, which was flat last year after being down 3% in 2009. Positive long-term trends in transit should continue to drive investment, population growth and urbanization, long-term concerns about fuel prices, reduced dependence on foreign oil and environmental concerns. We continue to make good progress in various international markets, and that has helped our Transit backlog growth. Transit backlog is up 12% compared to a year-ago quarter, and up 14% compared to fourth quarter 2010. Our Transit business remains stable because of its diversity. About half of its business is outside of the U.S. The global transit aftermarket business grew nicely in the first quarter as well, greater than 20% over 2010 first quarter and 28% greater than fourth quarter. And we've continued to invest strategically in future growth with acquisitions, new product development and global expansion. Overall, Wabtec is in a good position to take advantage of global investment in mass transit. Our strategic focus will continue to be on growth and cash generation. Cash remains a priority. It provides the opportunity to invest in organic growth and acquisitions. We are focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. This will enable us to continue to invest in our 4 growth strategies: global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new products and technologies and acquisitions. We continue to make progress in each of these areas.  In the global and market expansion area, in the quarter, sales outside of the U.S. were $199 million at 44% of the total and 11% higher than 2010. During the quarter, we announced major new projects in Australia and Brazil and we continue to grow in places such as China and South Africa. We've also seen growth in the non-rail sector with strong performance by our heat exchanger business in the standby power and prime power generation markets. In the aftermarket expansion area, overall aftermarket sales were $248 million. That's 54% of total, a growth of 29% compared to the prior year. This is due to our growth initiatives increasing rail traffic, which benefits our Wabtec global services unit among others.  We've also remained busy in the acquisition area. We are pleased with the acquisition and integration of Brush Traction, which we acquired during the first quarter. Brush Traction is based in the U.K. and has 2 facilities. 1 near Birmingham and the other 1 in Scotland. Brush provides locomotive overhaul and maintenance services, with sales of about $55 million. It's a good complement -- and that's in dollars. It's a good complement to our Wabtec rail business in Doncaster, England. It also fits all of our strategic buckets. It's global, has a good aftermarket percentage, provides some good engineering talent for new products and services. We see opportunities for top line growth with Brush as well as margin expansion. We have an active pipeline in other acquisition opportunities. On the new product front, positive train control continues to be a major focus of ours. We continue working with Class 1 customers to develop interoperable solution. These efforts are moving into the testing phase at this point. While this development process continues, the railroads are seeking some clarifications to the PTC law, which they hope will reduce their potential investment. We don't expect these changes, if approved, would have any material impact on our market opportunity. During the quarter, we signed two major positive train control contracts. $165 million contract with MRS Brazil, that's a railroad, fourth largest railroad in Brazil, for a turnkey PTC solution. It includes project management, signaling, communications, a train, dispatch equipment and onboard electronic equipment for about 500 locomotives and 50 auxilliary vehicles. The project is scheduled to be completed in 2013.  We also inked a $27 million contract to provide PTC equipment and services for Metrolink, a commuter rail agency that serves Southern California. Their goal is to have this project completed by the end of next year.  With that, I'll turn it over to Alvaro.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thanks, Alan. Good morning, everyone. I think you'll agree with me when I say that it's always nice to be able to report financial results like these. Sales for the quarter were a record $455 million, about 25% higher than last year. Of this increase, almost 2/3 was organic growth. As Al mentioned earlier, the growth was driven by Freight Group sales, which were up 61%, with more than 3/4 of that coming from organic growth. Growth in the aftermarket was very strong due to increase in rail traffic and more rolling stock coming out of storage. OEM sales were also strong. They almost doubled from the prior year. Transit sales were a little lower than the year-ago quarter, mainly due to the completion of major OEM programs in New York and locomotive contracts, but they were actually 11% higher than the fourth quarter of '10, showing the stability that we expected back then. In terms of margins, we continue our focus on driving margins higher with particular attention on the operating margin. For the quarter, operating margin was 14.6% compared to 14.1% in the year-ago quarter. In dollar terms, SG&A was higher than the year-ago quarter, mainly due to the acquisitions of various companies: G&B, Bach-Simpson, Swiger and Brush and in line with our expectations. As a percent of sales, it was actually slightly lower, 12% versus 12.3% last year. Also, this year's quarter included about $664,000 of purchase price accounting, or PPA, which are the near-term charges associated with acquisitions. This compares to the $393,000 in the year-ago quarter. Excluding PPA, operating margin was 14.7% in this year's quarter. And again, operating margin is the number we key on. Interest expense was lower due to lower net debt compared to the year-ago quarter but relatively modest. Other income, it fluctuates a little bit due mostly to paper FX translation gains and losses. This quarter, we had a gain. The effective tax rate was 35.2%, slightly higher than last year but pretty much in line with our expectations as well. Working capital was up in line with increased sales as well as acquisitions. Receivables were $306 million, up about $48 million from the year end. About $10 million of that was contributed by acquisitions and FX translation increases. Inventories were $285 million, up about $31 million but again, FX and acquisitions accounted for $11 million to $12 million of that. And payables were $175 million, up $4 million from the year end.  At March 31, we had $201 million in cash compared to $237 million at year end, so relatively stable. We generated cash from operations of about $16 million in the quarter. In terms of debt, at March 31, we had $400 million of debt compared to $422 million at December 31 '10. And as you can see from our operating ratios and our from our capital ratios, we have plenty of capacity for investing in internal growth and other growth opportunities. A few miscellaneous items, which we always cover. Depreciation was $7.4 million versus $6.5 million last year. Amortization was $3.1 million versus $1.9 million. CapEx was $7.4 million versus $3.6 million last year. CapEx is going to be up slightly this year over last year. I think last year, historically, it was about $25 million, give or take. This year, we were estimating it's going to be about $30 million given the increasing size of the company with acquisitions as well as a couple of capital projects that we're investing in this year, including a new building for our friction facility in China. In terms of backlog, as we mentioned in the release and Al mentioned as well, the multi-year and the 12-month backlog were at both record highs. The multi-year backlog, which includes the 12-month number, this is the total number compared to year end, the total, right now, is $1.5 billion versus $1.1 billion at year end. So it rose by about $400 million. Transit is $791 million versus $695 million at year end, and Freight is $705 million versus $384 million at year end. Freight increased substantially because of the contract in Brazil that Al mentioned, which is for a freight railroad as well as the locomotive contract, which we released and discussed earlier. The rolling 12-month backlog, this is the backlog that we expect to execute in the next 12 months, compared to year end, the total was $821 million versus $590 million at year end. If you break it down, Transit is $365 million versus $293 million at year end, and Freight is $456 million versus $297 million at year end.  That pretty much concludes the number session of this call, and I'll turn it back to Al.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. In summary, once again, we've had a strong performance in the quarter with record sales, record earnings and a record backlog. Longer term, we could not be any more pleased than we are today with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities that we see ahead for Wabtec. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec performance system, which gives us the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that managed aggressively through the tough times and is now taking advantage of those growth opportunities. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just a question on positive crane control, you talked about the railroads going sort of after more clarification, could that be delay any of the ramp-up cost as we head into 2015, do you think? I know with the PTC guys right now.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, the thing -- what they've done is that the tracks that were covered or the route valves that were contained in the original FRA document was based on route miles of that were traveled in 2008. And what the railroads have done is they've gone to Congress and they said, "This doesn't make sense. It's going to be implemented in 2015, so it ought to be based on how we run our railroads in 2015." And by taking a look at those routes, they think they could reduce the traffic in certain areas with hazardous wastes by about 10%. And thus, they don't have to make that PTC ready in that area. And Senator Hutchison put a bill forward. It makes a lot of sense. We agree with her approach. And you don't want to see a program that's based on old data. So that's the one thing that is moving forward for the railroads. As far as the delay of the spending or the delay of PTC being implemented, there is really a lot of discussion around can the deadline be met? Decisions related to that are probably in 2012. But some time that year, they have to report back to the FRA on the status. We're moving full speed ahead. We don't anticipate any delays, especially related to our particular commitment on this program. Whether or not -- again, it's always good to hear a train whistle in the background while we're talking. That was special effects that I had paid for so just to let you know how busy things are here at Wabtec. But we at this point do not see those delays. And even if it was a delay, I don't think it's going to change much the spending pattern related to our products.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Great. I mean you had a nice sort of ramp in the overall operating margins sequentially. Are you guys seeing any input price issues right now that are pressuring out a little bit?
Albert Neupaver: There's obviously a lot of inflation that we're seeing, and we've been very disciplined in trying to make sure that those escalations in raw material prices, labor costs and other areas are controlled. And we try to cover the fact, if we're going to have raw material either through a surcharge or some type of pricing increase, we must admit, we're not going to be 100% capable of doing that. But we think, in general, that we've got most of those escalations and costs covered.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Lucas of Janney Capital Markets.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: First, on the numbers side, just following up on that last theme. Very dynamic top line growth, the gross margins are still in that sub-30% range and was wondering if you could give any sort of color or clarity about the mix issue on the gross margins. And what is that gross margin potential as Freight becomes a more important part of the mix here?
Albert Neupaver: One thing I'd tell you, Jim, we in Wabtec, we don't allow people to use mix as an excuse very often, okay? So I'll start out by saying that the mix impact, yes, there's better margins in Freight than there are in Transit so that really should have been a help in the quarter. We did have good top line growth. We were able to deliver about 17%, 18% after you adjust for PPA to the bottom line operating profit. We think that we can do a little better than that. But all in all, to deliver 18% contribution margin in this kind of rapid buildup in revenue, I think that the company performed pretty well.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: One minor point, Jim, this is Alvaro, if you take a look at engineering expenses, this might be another one of your questions and I'll anticipate it, you'll see that it went down from last year and even a little bit in the fourth quarter. And this is mix, it's not an excuse, but it is mix. But what we do is we have some contracts where we're actually taking some of that engineering expenses and re-classifying its cost of sales because those engineering charges are in cost of sales. And you'll have some of those re-classes going back and forth depending on the mix of products and depending on how you do the accounting, which is another reason when we look at margins, to be honest, what we really focus on is operating margin because that does take the mix out of it and that reflects on how the overall company is doing.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the strategic side, a lot of the focus on PTC has been domestically but very nice contract in Brazil. Could you talk about the PTC opportunities internationally since prior to that hadn't really been as much of a focus and just any color you could give there, please?
Albert Neupaver: Yes. We had started working about 6 to 9 months prior to our announcement with MRS on that PTC opportunity. And we were really invited by them to participate. They had signed an agreement with ALSTOM to put in that type of system back in 2005, and they were unable to come to the point where they had an operating system. So they reached out and knew that we had made good progress in the United States on our program. So we were able to participate in that contract. We feel that there's other opportunities in countries like Brazil. One thing that's unique about this contract is they don't have the kind of signaling system that exist. They don't have a standard signaling system. So instead of putting in a normal signaling system, they could actually go to this electronic positive train control method, not only from safety standpoint but at the capacity play as well. So we think this really bodes well in a lot of other countries: Brazil, Australia, maybe some of the other mining countries as well. Keep in mind that we did implement PTC in Iraq. This was done probably about 3, 4 years ago. So yes, there is an international opportunity. And we'll continue to take a look at where our system, which is a unique system, could help us develop growth on a global basis.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, and finally with regards to Europe, any update in terms of getting your systems over there up to the European standards?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we're making excellent progress, first, on the component technology side, as well as a system. We've had a couple of small system orders. The key to our approach there is that we've got to get our entire system, not just components, on some of the platforms that exist there. That's the model that you would use as you develop business, and our success has been good so far. It's just going to take time, and we understand that we're in for a long time. Long time, not going to be a next year type of item, but 4 or 5 years from now, I'll assure you that we'll be successful.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: All right, Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Al, you said that most forecasters expect a freight build of 35,000 cars. Do you see any issues with the supply chain supporting that, or where do you think the build rate can go to this year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: What I gave is a range, about 30,000 to 35,000. There are supply issues across the board, I think, with everyone building back up, which has created a concern. Although there's a couple of things that are driving some of the order rate right now is the rapid depreciation of investment in rail cars drops from 100% to 50% next year. So there's a lot of people looking at this. They're also looking at their own needs because they haven't bought any cars in the last 18 months to 24 months. So I think there's been a big push there. It has stressed the supply chain. We're, in general, in pretty good shape except for some of the large casting products, casted products. But I think the supply chain will work itself out. It may -- when you see an order intake of 26,000 in a quarter, I mean that's a huge amount of orders in one quarter. Now the question is, is that really filling up some buildup needs in the supply chain of the rail cars or not? We don't know. So I would expect 30,000 to 35,000 is probably the build that could be sustained with the current supply chain that we have.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. And as that ramps up as you kind of take a look at 2012, would it be your expectation that you could get to a 40,000 or 50,000 number just as everybody comes back on line and starts to figure out production again?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think most forecasters are suggesting that or even a little higher.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. And can you talk about the order momentum you're seeing in Freight so far? We know that 1Q had huge numbers. Are there still good inquiries in 2Q? And can you talk about your inquiry, the order conversion so far this quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Let's see. The first question is, is what do we anticipate in orders next quarter. I mean, obviously, we would hope that the economy continues to grow and that the freight rail continues to rebound. So we would expect that the incoming order rate would support that. As far as the projection, we really can't make that projection. I didn't understand the second part of your question.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Just in terms of the inquiry that you're seeing and how you're converting that to orders, has that changed? Is that increasing or decreasing? And just what are your sales guys telling you about what activity is like so far in Q2?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. It depends. Obviously, a lot of activity and our hit rate is where it normally is.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. You said you expect incrementals better than 18% as you start to benefit from the revenue ramp. Can you talk about any specific inefficiencies that you saw in the quarter, or was it material cost? And is there anything to stop you from getting in to the low 20% range?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Some of the issues we touched briefly on the supply chain and some of the inflationary is, in general, we feel that long term, we're covered real well on that. So I would hope that -- our goal has always been never to predict a certain level of gross margin or operating margin. But it's continuous improvement, and we want to improve month-on-month, quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. And I think if you go back 6 years, you'll see that continuous improvement. And we would hope that we could continue that.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And last one, I'll get back in line. For the two PTC contracts that you signed, once you deliver against the combined $192 million from those contracts, can you tell us what the follow-on revenue opportunities look like from maintenance or upgrades? And how should we think about the future opportunity from that installed base?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. We've done a number of scenarios trying to calculate the ongoing revenue that's generated by the installed base. And generally, electronics and software has a higher percentage because the need to update and upgrade. Without -- there's a range that could go from 20% to 40%. It depends on just how much of the maintenance contract you get and what components needs upgraded. But there is a certain annuity that's associated with installed base.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: That is great. Thanks for the update and I'll get back in line.
Operator: The next question comes from Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Al, I want to follow up on your comments about guidance. And in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that some of us, that some may think that you're being conservative and pointed out a couple of things to think about. But on the other side of that, given where the freight markets are and how the OEM markets are ramping up and the rail traffic is stayed in pretty good consistent levels, which should drive the aftermarket, isn't it fair to say also that we should be thinking about Q1 2011 being the lowest earnings quarter of the year given directionally where your markets are headed?
Albert Neupaver: One thing that we get a real big push in the first quarter in the aftermarket area because if the weather are -- that equipment does not work well in 0 degree temperatures and there's a lot more aftermarket. And some of that really, you could see in the numbers. So typically, our first quarter is a very strong quarter for us. I think that your point is, is a valid one and that you would expect that with the economy continued to recover that you would expect that maybe business is going to be a little different this year than it would be in a normal year. It's awful early in the year, and I wish I had the ability to really gauge that economy out there. I know there's a lot of people that feel good about it. There's also some naysayers out there that I thought I read something just today that indicated some, who knows? So we're being cautious. We're being conservative.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. With that said, I mean can you quantify kind of what that typical impact is in the first quarter from when or whether on the aftermarket?
Albert Neupaver: I would be just pulling something out of the air. I haven't really thought about that incremental amount. We can get that. But I'm assuming that knowing that business, I can only look at 1 business, but a lot of business units are covered by that and that's our global service business. And we normally see, maybe, it would equate to 4%, 5% type of gain overall and for that division to be higher in that, obviously.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. Is that something you could look at down the road?
Albert Neupaver: I think Tim could follow up with you, Art, on that because I'm pulling that right out of the air.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: No, that's fine. I don't want to put you in that spot. But if I can get that later that would be helpful. The other -- couple of other things, just real quick, looking at engineering expense in the quarter, I didn't go back that far but it's the lowest level that I have seen. Are you doing something there where I would have thought over time with all the acquisitions that you've have made that, that would start to continue to trend up from a gross dollar standpoint as you look to develop new products in these businesses that you've developed. Is something going on there cyclically or is this -- or seasonally within the quarter? Or is this kind of just a level we need to think about going forward that maybe your ability to develop new products in some of your legacy businesses has kind of run its course.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Art, this is Alvaro, and I touched on that earlier as well when I was answering Jim's question. But a big chunk of that decrease basically relates to basically product mix in the sense that what we were doing is because of the nature of the products, say for example, locomotive contract, we're actually taking some of the engineering expense, which we normally could in SG&A, and we're actually allocating that to cost of sales. So it's just a request. It's not really a net decrease in the total number. It's just shown on a different line. And in terms of acquisitions, you also touched on that. And one of the things about the acquisition is to a certain or to a large extent, their engineering expenses go into cost of sales rather than in engineering expense as well. I think at the level it is right now, it should be pretty much stable going forward. So I think that, that will be -- until the mix changes again and maybe it'll go up again -- what's going up and I'll tell you re-class it from cost of sales. But that's one of the reasons, when we talk about margins, we really focus on the operating margin side because there can be a number of classification change back and forth between the different lines. And in the end, we focus on is operating margin. But that's why you see that decrease in engineering.
Albert Neupaver: But there's no less focus on internal development.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Internal development or anything like that. Right.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: I think, going back to like the way you're investing, changing the way you're capitalizing some of those expenses now and it's flowing through D&A?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It really doesn't flow through D&A because we're not capitalizing them. It's just in the cost of sales. It's just -- instead of being in the way it is released and the way it's classified in the press release, the way it's in engineering expense and it's just going from engineering expense to cost of sales, its not being capitalized, its not being depreciated.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Finally, Al, you had addressed this a little bit, some of the supply constraints, but one of the things that we're hearing for the car builders that was in short supply were side frames and bolsters and people trying to ramp up capacity. And one of the things we had heard through the downturn, I think rightfully so, standard contract had really worked their inventories down and you guys are trying to play catch up there as things ramped up. Can you tell us a little bit where you're at on that and if they're going to be able to supply product more readily as we move in the back half of the year?
Albert Neupaver: Yes. The side frames and bolsters is one of those areas as bearings issues, which we don't supply, there's other issues in the supply chain. But side frame and bolsters, when I mentioned larger casting, that's exactly what I was referring to. The key there was not the inventory. The real issue is that you have these large foundries that exist, and we have a light asset model where we purchase using a supply chain to supply these larger castings. And those foundries took their capacity and put it in other areas. And you just can't start up a foundry overnight and get things going again. So that's really been the constraint, and we're working very diligently now to meet the needs of our customers by getting other foundries qualified and our foundries back up to speed.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Can you tell us quick where sources break down geographically where, historically, standard has gotten the source for their product?
Albert Neupaver: We get them from a number of locations: Eastern Europe, China, India, U.S. So it's a global sourcing. This is not -- this problem is not unique to Wabtec.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: I understand that, but is any one in those areas that you source from being particularly difficult in getting products from?
Albert Neupaver: Well, the one during the downturn, the Eastern Europe business, ran into some financial troubles. And they're one that we're having to find other supply to offset that.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Got it. Thank you so much for your time.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Blumenthal of Emerald Advisors.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Alvaro, I'm going to ask you one more question about engineering expense and hopefully, we'll put that to bed. Do you make the decision as to which -- where you're going to classify those or is that something that your audit firm is helping with?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Well, no, the audit firm would never want to be on the hook for making the decisions. They review our decisions. But basically, the decision is actually made at the unit level. And it really is -- I don't want to say it's automatic, but it's basically a function of the product. In other words, if we're doing more locomotives then some of that engineering is automatically going to go in there because we're building more locomotives rather than having the people work on, let's say, on new projects. So it's almost not a decision. I mean it's just a function of the way accounting works, and it's made at the unit. But obviously, the auditing firm will review all that and hopefully agree with our conclusion they have, so.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, that's really helpful. Thank you. Can you tell us or give us an idea as to the degree of any PTC revenues that were in the current quarter and maybe compare those to the level in the same quarter last year?
Albert Neupaver: We don't have the exact PTC revenue for the quarter but it was higher than previous quarters.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm going to take a swag at it, Scott, just in sense of answering your question. And maybe you know again, if it's all right, you can follow up with Tim, I would say that they were higher than last year but probably not more than say, $10 million to $15 million higher than last year. If I'd have to take a guess, I'd say it was somewhere around the $10 million, plus or minus.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, that's helpful, too, Alvaro. Thank you. Can you tell us also maybe along the same lines, a general idea as to the degree of how the improvement in rail car build helped both the quarter and also the backlog?
Albert Neupaver: We gave you the backlog build related to Freight and...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, in terms of backlog, to take the second question first, Scott, most of the increase in the Freight backlog was because of MRS. And -- I'm sorry, that's the contract in Brazil that's got PTC, as well as a locomotive contract in Australia. And then we had a couple of other contracts that went into backlog as well. But the primary reason for the increase in the Freight backlog was not so much -- because either the freight car OE business, that turns over relatively quickly. That's basically done on POs. We've got a PO, we turn it over in about 30 days or so. So you don't see a whole lot of backlog effect to that. Most of the backlog effect on Freight was for those contracts.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay. And on the top line then, Alvaro, the freight car, I guess the improvement in orders, the improvement in builds, does that have a significant year-over-year effect on the top line?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I know OE sales doubled this quarter versus last year's -- let me dig out what the OE numbers. I'll tell you what, let me -- just give me one second, we'll dig out what the OE sales numbers were. In Freight, OE...
Albert Neupaver: $126 million versus $64 million and the fourth quarter was $80 million in OE. Aftermarket went from $100 million first quarter 2010 to $140 million in 2011 first quarter, so very significant increases.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, great. Thank you. And Al, could you just give us an idea as to how the activity is right now in maybe locomotive reconditioning?
Albert Neupaver: There is a lot of activity in the reconditioning area. The number of railroads are taking a strong look at either doing a remanufacturing or what they call a repower of their locomotives. And we've been involved with those opportunities.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Does that mean you're still giving tours of motive power or have you stopped that, you're too busy?
Albert Neupaver: No, we still give tours. You want to get the boys to see it? It's a great place to visit especially this time of the year and always giving tours there.
Operator: The next question comes from Kristine Kubacki of Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: Most of my questions have been answered so I'm having to dig deep a little bit here. I won't ask you about the penguins. But in terms of the aftermarket, the Freight aftermarket first. I guess you talked a little bit, it sounded a little bit like it was seasonality and then, I guess the other thing is we keep hearing from shippers now, I guess, is there a mix shift in terms of some of the aftermarket that's being done on rail cars and locomotives? And I guess what we've been hearing is that capacity is continuing to be so tight especially in a lot of car types that now shippers kind of went from the "I don't want to spend the money to do maybe aftermarket that I don't know I'm going to need" to "now that I don't want to take the car out of service." So I guess, is it that there was a seasonal component to it? And then also, kind of what are you seeing in terms of people taking cars out of service and what kinds of repairs to do on the cars?
Albert Neupaver: I think it's two things. It's a good question because we just had an operational review with that division. And one is seasonality, which they emphasized. The second part is that -- I don't have the exact number that come out of -- it was over 20,000 that come out being part out of stowage. And their comment was these things are coming out with needing a lot more repair than it was a year ago when they come out. So these units have been cannibalized so there's a lot more repair being required to get some of these. And it's really caused what you said, Kristine, is there's certain types of cars that they're actually having shortages on and that's one of the reasons why we saw the order rate jump up. I think that there is, you know, they have the normal maintenance on them. But I think those are the 2 main factors for the pop in this particular quarter.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay. And then kind of flipping to the other side of the business, which I didn't think we've talked a lot. And I was looking back at my notes. It was the last half of last year on the Transit aftermarket side, and I didn't hear or maybe I missed it, but you guys really talk about it. I mean we still don't have a highway bill and we were worried there that was going to be a drop off in the level of aftermarket because of transit authorities. And I know there's some maybe some distraught in the inventory. But are you seeing now transit authorities more normal, they're seeing more inventory levels more normalized? And that behavior given that ridership levels have continued to grow here, are you seeing more normalized kinds of level in aftermarket on the Transit side?
Albert Neupaver: Yes. The aftermarket really has bounced back very nicely. In the first quarter, aftermarket in Transit was $109 million. It was $90 million in the first quarter of 2010 and the fourth quarter was always down at $85 million. But driving that is exactly what you said, ridership's #1, again, weather. They have a lot more maintenance activities. And I think when you talk about the problems that some of these municipalities and transit authorities have, you can only run your inventory down so far and they have to start doing the maintenance so maybe a little bit of pick up from there is happening as well.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Trahan.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: So just wanted to follow up on the guidance question and understand that maybe there was some weather-related strength in the first quarter. But if I take a look at the $455 million of revenue in the first quarter, the guidance implies about $425 million a quarter going forward. And I'm just wondering, are you starting to see any of that pressure or deceleration into April? Or is this something that you think is back-end loaded and maybe you are just being a little conservative? I'm just trying to get a better grip on the revenue guidance.
Albert Neupaver: We really can't comment on April at this point. But as we said, as we look forward, we expect the economy -- we need the economy to continue to grow. We find the Transit business pretty stable, and we have an aggressive forecast that we've presented -- conservative, I mean.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Right. And with $455 million going for $425 million, give or take a quarter, which segment do you think feels that pressure at least within your conservative expectations?
Albert Neupaver: Which one feels the conservatism or which one you feel is going to have pressure from a negative standpoint? What is your question?
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Well, I guess, both. I mean if you're expecting revenue to fall off from first quarter, I guess, which segment do you expect to see that revenue fall off and where do you think you could be conservative?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, I think we could be conservative definitely on the Freight side, a little less conservative on the Transit. I'll answer it that way.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay, that's helpful. And then just last question with Brush, how do you think that acquisition helps you drive further penetration of the European market? And maybe, what do think your market share is today there and where do you think it can go or be in a couple of years from now?
Albert Neupaver: The Brush acquisition was an excellent acquisition, and it primarily gives us the opportunity now to offer in the U.K. not only refurbishment and overhaul and engineering capability on transit vehicles, but they're expertise is really on the locomotives side. They also have a contract for the high-speed locomotives used in the Euro train and the Euro tunnel. But we feel that it really gives us a broader product offering in the U.K. market and establishes us a little bit in the locomotive market, even on the continent a bit. So we think the opportunities there are going to be great. We still -- we have a good market share in the U.K. And our market share the continent. it's still very small and a big opportunity for us.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay. Thanks for the time, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: If you could comment on where we're at right now in the federal funding situation in the U.S. as far as the SAFETEA-LU Bill.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, the SAFETEA-LU, at this point, I believe, it's been extended now to the end of the year along with the budget. And I think that it was really held at last year's level or very close to it. I know our government has a lot to do between now and the end of the year. And we feel this is 1 important area that they really need to come to grips and as how they fund the transportation area, not just transit, but our highways, our bridges. And I think that most politicians would tell you, it's pretty high in their priority to really grapple this. We would expect that it's still -- the biggest controversy we see is not related to Transit funding and trying to improve the Freight area, it really is around the high-speed rail where -- although some of the politicians in the states are saying, "Hey, you've got this $8 billion you put into high-speed rail, and you want to give me a few million of it but you're not going to tell me how we're going to get funding, is this ongoing. And are you going to be here for us 5 years from now when we have to spend more money?" And I think that's just been a little bit of a political football. I think you also see other states that's saying, "Hey, I'll take that and I'll find ways to not necessarily put in the super high-speed rail but maybe I can upgrade the rail systems we have to get the speeds up faster." I think the funding is going to be there. I think it's a must. When you really sit back and think about funding for our transit system, we don't have an alternative. If we expect this economy to continue to grow, if we expect the recovery to continue, we got to put money into the infrastructure. And that infrastructure is really mass transit and freight railroads, which is the backbone of that whole system. And when you look at what trains are able to do, whether it be freight or transit, the amount of cars that takes off the road and the amount of trucks, the environmental friendliness, the urbanization that I mentioned early. I think that, that funding is going to be there. I think there's going to be some political positioning related to some of the more issues that are kind of hot, but overall, that funding is going to be there.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay, that's helpful. And then just looking overseas, maybe too early to ask, but do you see any potential opportunities in Japan from the infrastructure rebuilding that has to take place there?
Albert Neupaver: In Japan, though, we've had over 100-year relationship with two companies there. And as a matter fact, I'll be traveling there within the next month to meet with those 2 partners that we have. I think that it's going to have to be a lot of money put into the infrastructure there and in some opportunities there. But that opportunity would really be through those partners.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And then finally on the numbers side, do you have a shareholders' equity balance for the quarter?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we do. We have to dig it out. I think it's $970 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Close. Let's see, $969.6 million. I'll concede to $970 million, hows that.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: That's pretty good. Thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Albert Neupaver: Linda, while we wait for that for a moment, I understand we did have some technical difficulties at the beginning of the webcast so we apologize for that. I want to give you the replay number for the phone call, the conference call here. The replay number -- this will be available for -- if you wait about an hour after this call. It's (412) 317-0088 and the passcode for that replay is 466#. So again, we apologize for any difficulties on the webcast. But if you can dial-in and listen to the reply, I'm sure you'll get everything you need. Linda?
Operator: At this time, we're showing no further questions. This would conclude our question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Neupaver for any closing remarks.
Albert Neupaver: Okay. Well, we're really, as I said earlier, pretty excited about the opportunity that we have during this recovery and our growth opportunities and look forward to talking to you soon. Thanks a lot.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, everybody.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Raymond Betler -  Timothy Wesley - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary Albert Neupaver - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Gregory Halter - Great Lake Review Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Scott Group - Wolfe Research Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley. Please go ahead.
Timothy Wesley: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Like to introduce the rest of our team members who are here, our President and CEO, Al Neupaver; Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; Ray Betler, our Chief Operating Officer; and our Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan.  We have some prepared remarks that we'll make, as usual, and then we'll take your questions. And I do want to refer you to today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers on our forward-looking statements. With that, go ahead, Al.
Albert Neupaver: Okay. Thanks, Tim. Good morning. Wabtec had a solid performance in the fourth quarter with strong sales and strong earnings growth. For the full year, we had our second best performance in company history. That was next to 2008 for sales and earnings. We also had record cash flow from operations of $176 million. This was the 13th straight year that our cash from operations exceeded net income and the fifth straight year with cash generation of more than $140 million.  Our backlog stands at about $1.1 billion. This is about 14% higher than a year ago and the highest level in more than two years. To top it off, Wabtec ended 2010 as the only company on the New York Stock Exchange whose year-end stock price has increased for 10 consecutive years. We accomplished this during a period that included two recessions, one of which was probably the worst recession any of us will ever experience. This performance demonstrates the strength and the sustainability of our diversified business model, the benefits of our strategic initiatives and the power of our Wabtec performance system.  Today, we issued guidance for 2011 for sales and earnings per share based on our current backlog and our outlook. We estimate earnings per share of about $2.90 with sales growth of about 10%. This is driven by the execution of our growth strategies and the continuing recovery of the freight rail markets. The following major assumptions are critical to our guidance: The global economy will continue to grow; freight rail traffic will continue to improve with the economy; the North American freight car delivery will be between 25,000 and 30,000 railcars; and the locomotive build will be about 700.  We assume that the global transit market will remain stable with North American OEM deliveries of about 1,000 new cars and about 4,800 new buses, both slightly lower than last year. We also assume no major changes in foreign exchange rates. As always, we will stick to our long-held philosophy, and that is to be disciplined when it comes to cost and focus on generating cash to invest in our growth opportunities.  Let's take a look at our two markets. First, freight rail market. Freight traffic rebounded strongly in 2010 and has continued to be up so far this year. For 2010, ton miles increased 8.5% and intermodal traffic was up 14%. Through the first six weeks of 2011, ton miles are up 7.4% and intermodal traffic is up 7.8% year-on-year. This increase in traffic has led to a similar rebound for our North American aftermarket business, with aftermarket sales in the fourth quarter up sequentially and compared to the year-ago quarter. The traffic increase has also led the railroads to pull more parked cars and locomotives out of stowage, which is also helping those OEM markets.  The new railcar outlook continues to improve nicely. Fourth quarter deliveries were about 7,000. Orders come in around 11,000. That puts the backlog at 23,000 railcars, the highest in nearly two years. In the fourth quarter, our freight revenues hit a quarterly record high of $221 million, even with OEM markets still well below historical averages, which bodes well for continued growth.  Take a look at the transit market. In the short term, as we've discussed before, we're seeing some challenges in the U.S. transit market, with budget issues at our transit agency customers affecting aftermarket demand and delaying some OEM project. As the economy improves, the federal government should be able to sort out its funding matters. We think this trend will reverse, but it will take some time. The 2011 transit spending, our current extension runs to March 4 as with all other government funding. This funding for transit is likely to get a temporary extension. As for the new transportation bill, President Obama is asking for a significant funding increase for transportation, and specifically for transit. Both House and Senate say they are committed to a new bill this year, but no specific numbers. President Obama is asking for $119 billion for transit over the next six years; this is 2x that of the last bill.  Another positive related to transit funding is that the House recently rejected cuts in Amtrak funding just last week. Also, the Administration is asking for $53 billion over the next six years for high-speed rail. High-speed rail is obviously a hot topic from both aspects. Three states had rejected funding because of concerns of ongoing costs and funding of the program. However, 28 states still have ongoing projects. As we have stated in the past, high-speed rail is a long way off.  As these issues play out, we are confident that the diversity of our Transit business, our transit revenues and margins shall remain stable. One fact is that ridership was only down 1% in 2010; this is after being down 4% in 2009. Our volume in transit orders booked actually increased by 2% in 2010. And according to industry reports, car builders have a backlog of almost 3,500 new cars for the U.S. market, with another 1,500 in orders possible this year. That's several years of backlog based on historic production rates.  We also continue to make good progress with qualifying our components and braking systems in the European and Asian markets. These markets have remained strong and remember, these markets are much larger than that of the U.S. and our current share is small. Overall, Wabtec is in a good position to take advantage of the global expansion of the mass transit market around the world.  We will remain focused on growth and cash generation. Cash is a priority. It provides the opportunity to invest in organic growth and acquisitions. We will stay focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital and controlling capital expenditures. This will enable us to continue to invest in our four strategic growth opportunities: Global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new product and technologies and acquisitions.  Like to take just a few moments and discuss our progress on these strategies. The first one is global market expansion. Our sales outside of the U.S. were a record $692 million. That's 23% higher than in 2009, almost half of the total sales versus 1/3 only five years ago. We are actively bidding on projects in Europe and Asia, for both brake and door systems. There is also a strong demand for our high-speed friction products globally. We are currently finalizing a second transit JV in China. We currently have four others: One in freight, one in transit, one in friction and one in power generation. We also have seen growth in our non-rail business section, which is about 15% of our total business, with strong performance by our heat exchanger business in the standby power generation market.  Looking at our aftermarket expansion strategy. Overall aftermarket sales were $828 million, another record, 55% of the total in 2010. And that's a 10% growth from the prior year. This organic growth is due to rail traffic increasing and cars and locomotives coming out of stowage. Our new service center in Brazil continues to grow faster than expected, and we see other opportunities to participate in that market.  In the new product area, over the past few years, we have had tremendous focus on this effort, with about 1/3 of our annual sales coming from new products. Although positive train control gets the headline, we have made some progress in a number of areas I'd like to just mention. During the year, MotivePower, our locomotive division, won a major contract with Boston MBTA, thanks to a new higher speed design. Our European transit division, Polley [ph], successfully tested a new braking system that reduces stopping distance and then extends rail life and has already booked orders.  Two of our divisions, Global Services and Freight Pneumatics, combined to introduce the next-generation version of our automated single car tester. This is a device that you use to test brakes that is mandated to be done every 1,500 or 3,000 miles. The unit reduces the time it takes to test these air brakes on freight trains.  Now moving to PTC or positive train control. As you know, this is a major opportunity for Wabtec. Our current product and market position could result in incremental sales growth of $250 million to $500 million over the next four years. We expect this to ramp up late this year. The addition of the acquisition of Xorail last year opened a door to other opportunities, both domestic and international. And we are actively pursuing these projects.  Currently, we are working closely with the Class 1 railroads who choose to standardize the Wabtec onboard locomotive product. We've developed our product so that it's interoperable for all the railroads and commuter agencies. These efforts are currently moving into the testing phase. While this development process continues, the railroads are seeking more clarifications on the positive train control law, which they hope will reduce their potential investment. We don't expect these changes would have any material impact on our market opportunity. And we strongly support the industry's efforts to obtain government funding for this mandate.  With acquisitions, we're very pleased that the integration of Swiger Coil Systems, acquired late last year, is moving along well. Swiger, the traction motor manufacturer is a good strategic fit. It allows expansion in our core markets with our core customers. We see both growth and margin opportunities. Their sales were about $40 million and margins were about equal to our corporate average.  Adantech, which we acquired earlier this year, makes friction products, and it gives us another platform from which to grow in Brazil. It serves both transit and freight markets with sales of about only $2 million, but the acquisition is quite strategic. We also have an active pipeline of other acquisition opportunities. With that, I'll turn it over to Alvaro.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, Al, and good morning, everyone. Like Al said, we feel we had a very good performance in the quarter and full year, and we continue to be optimistic about the future.  Turning to the quarter at hand, sales for the quarter were $393 million, 10% higher than last year and the highest total since the fourth quarter of '08. This is the third highest total of all time and the fifth quarter in a row that sales have been up. So I think we have some positive momentum there. Of this increase, about 1/3 was organic growth and about 2/3 was due to acquisitions.  In the Freight group, sales were up 49% with about three quarters of that coming from organic growth as the market started to rebound. That increase in the Freight group also includes growth in the aftermarket, due to increasing rail traffic and more rolling stock coming out storage. OEM sales are also starting to increase.  Turning to the Transit Group, sales were slightly lower than the year-ago quarter -- I'm sorry, a little bit more than slightly, but this was mainly due to the completion of major OE programs, but it was actually 3% higher than the third quarter, indicating a little bit of stability in the market. Margins, we continue to focus on driving margins higher with particular attention on the operating margin.  For the quarter, operating margin was 13.1% and for the year, it was 13.5%. Both of these figures were higher than the year-ago periods. SG&A was higher than the year-ago quarter, mainly due to the acquisitions of Xorail, G&B, Bach-Simpson and Swiger, and increased accruals for incentive comp, which was very low last year. Also, this year's quarter included about $1.4 million of what we call PPA or purchase price accounting. This mainly relates to the inventory and backlog of acquisitions, which have to be, the profit of which has to be amortized right away. This compares to about $2.2 million in the year-ago quarter.  Interest and other, not much happening there. Interest expense was down slightly due to lower net debt compared to last year. And other income, typically, that varies due to some paper FX translation gains or losses. The effective tax rate was pretty much what we thought heading into the quarter at 35.2%, a little bit higher than the year-ago quarter. I think going forward, you can probably expect that to be around 36%, plus or minus.  Working capital. In general, the working balance has increased. Working capital balance has increased compared to December 31, '09. This was mostly due to acquisitions and sales growth. To give you a couple of numbers, receivables at year end were $258 million, up $50 million from last year, but again, primarily due to acquisitions and higher sales. Inventories were $253 million, up $15 million, again mostly due to acquisitions there. Without acquisitions, it was actually pretty stable. And payables were at $171 million, up about $50 million and again, largely due to acquisitions and sales growth and preparing for the coming year.  Cash at year end, we had a very healthy balance of $237 million in cash, up from $177 million at September 30. In terms of debt, we had $422 million of debt at year end compared to $410 million at September 30. The debt consists of about $150 million in bonds due in 2013 and $138 million on a term loan. The balance is on a revolver and both the term loan and the revolver expire in 2013. As you can see, I think from taking a look at our balance sheet and cash on hand, we have plenty of capacity for investing in growth opportunities.  Turning to a few of the plenary items that we always provide you. Depreciation was at $8.2 million for the quarter versus $6.5 million last year, up mostly due to acquisitions. Typically, when you do an acquisition, you have to write off the assets, which results in higher depreciation and amortization expense. Amortization was pretty stable, $3.5 million this quarter versus $3.7 million last year. CapEx, like Al says, we maintain a constant focus on cash flow and expense control, and I think CapEx reflects that. It was $8.5 million versus $7.4 million last year. For the year, CapEx was $20.8 million versus $18.3 million last year. And considering the acquisitions we had and considering that we tightened our belts pretty much last year, I think that's a good result.  And in terms of backlog, the multiyear, the 12-month backlog, which I'll give you the numbers in a second, were both up significantly. The multiyear backlog, that includes the 12-month numbers, compared to the last quarter, compared September 30 of '10, the total right now stands at $1.1 billion versus $1.04 billion last quarter. This $1.1 billion is the highest in more than two years. Transit, again this is the total number, was $695 million versus $748 million on September 30. And freight was $384 million versus $289 million last quarter.  And then the rolling 12-month backlog, this is what we expect to execute in the next 12 months, the total was $590 million versus $535 million in September. Transit was $293 million versus $329 million. And then freight was $297 million versus $206 million. And that's pretty much it for the financial wrap-up. And I'll turn it back to Al.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again, we've had a good performance in the fourth quarter and the full year of 2010. Longer term, we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities that we see ahead. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec performance system. We have an experienced management team that managed extremely well through the downturn, and is poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just touching on positive train control, can you tell us what the number was in terms of revenue contribution in 2010? And I know you talked about ramping up in 2011, what can we expect on that point?
Albert Neupaver: Okay. The positive train control revenue in 2010 was about $20 million. Where we're at in the process is that the specifications have been set. We'll be moving into the testing phase, and this testing phase is done in the laboratory at first. And that's going to take a number of months to complete. And then it'll go into field testing. When we get to the field testing is when we should start seeing an increase in revenues related to hardware that's needed to do the testing. So what we think we're going to see is equivalent type of revenues for good portion of the year, then into the fourth quarter, it should start to ramp up.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, great. And then just on the Transit, on the aftermarket side, I think I heard you correctly, you feel like we're at the, sort of the bottom here in terms of the revenue generation volume and maybe, at least worst case is we're stable for 2011?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, that's correct. We feel that we really stabilized the Transit business. There's still going to be some softness in the U.S. market as we work our way through the local and state funding issues that exist. Our other opportunities in Transit on an international basis is very good. So we think that the Transit market has really stabilized at the level with that, which is not a bad level.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Lucas of Janney Capital Markets.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: First, a housekeeping question, Alvaro. Total acquisition spend in 2010?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Acquisition spend?
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I'm going to give it off the top of my head, but we probably spend about $1.5 million all told.
Albert Neupaver: No.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: No.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I thought you said acquisition spend?
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Sorry, in terms of how much cash outlay for acquisitions?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: How much cash outlay for acquisitions. I'm sorry, Jim. I thought you were talking how much we...
Albert Neupaver: About $140 million to $150 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, $140 million. Yes.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And then just given the state of your balance sheet, I mean, you guys have done a good job in terms of getting the acquisition fly wheel going, a lot of the little, we'll call them singles for lack of a better term...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Couple of them are a little better than singles, actually. Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt, but
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: That's from a size standpoint.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Cumulatively, they definitely have added up and they're scoring the runs. But when you look at the composition of the M&A pipeline today, is it still more of these smaller $30 million to $50 million? Are there potential bigger deals in there? And what are you seeing from a valuation standpoint these days?
Albert Neupaver: What we see is continued opportunities in the rail markets, which we're very happy about. The beauty of Wabtec is that we have the balance sheet and the capability to explore larger acquisitions. And there's not as many of those available, but the fact that we could look at this large opportunities at any time is really the strength of our model. Our pipeline is very robust right now. What we're seeing in the marketplace is pricing has strengthened. You're seeing a lot of private equity. You're seeing a lot of strategic buyers that have come out and are looking for acquisitions. So I think it's a healthy market out there. We've got a lot of opportunities. And again, we can go after that big one if we find the right one there that is a strategic fit for Wabtec.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. And, Al, just a little bit more on the Transit side. You mentioned in your prepared remarks about some cancellations that you're seeing. Could you talk a little bit more about that particular side of the Transit backlog of actual cancellations versus delays, what you're seeing out there today?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we really don't have any cancellations. What we do have is delays. If I stated cancellations, I misstated it. What you see is projects that are out there that are going to get awarded. One thing I mentioned in the prepared remarks about the backlog of some 3,500 transit cars and that includes light vehicles as well as heavier subway cars. But they expect, they should be another 1,500 transit cars ordered this year. And there's a number of projects now that are in the position where they've been awarded to a car builder and the car builder is now working with the sub-contractors which, that would be us, then we're going to get a share, a good share, of those projects. To name a few, there's a project in Miami, there's one at Metro, there's a project at PATCO [Port Authority Transit Corporation] in New York. New York itself has a small order out there. The thing is, is they're not headline type of projects. What they are is 100 cars here, 100 cars there. But they're out there. And in fact, if that 1,500 of orders come in, we expect deliveries of around 1,000 in our assumption and it's plus or minus a small percentage. But as you could see, that backlog will actually improve during the year. So when we say that it's kind of bottomed out, 1,000 cars is not a bad number of cars to be delivered in a year. If you go back to history, things have changed in that a lot more than New York drives this market. It used to be if you had an order from New York City, it was a gigantic order, it lasted a few years. But then the market would go down the drain a bit. And that's not the case. We're seeing a lot of activity, a lot of different municipalities that have already gone forward. It's just that it hasn't got to the stage where they've named a supplier of the components that we supply.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, that's very helpful. And final question, Alvaro, just wanted to touch for a moment on the tax rate, that with international sales now approaching 50%, is it a case that this is just still mostly export? Or are there opportunities to bring down the effective tax rate going forward from here because 35% still seems a tad high?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: You sound just like our Board of Directors there, Jim. And we probably have a couple of them on the call, so they know what I'm talking about. I think there are opportunities, but they're difficult to come by. And that's why I've said, going forward I think in the past, I used to say 37% or so. We ended up this year at 35.2%. A preliminary estimate is somewhere around 36%, maybe a shade lower next year. That's something that we're constantly taking a look at. And I think, big picture going forward, there's some opportunity there. Part of the problem is to get that opportunity, you have to spend a little bit. And you have a very uncertain picture coming out of Washington, D.C. these days. When our President first got elected, he came down hard on foreign earned income. Then he eased up on it, and then he introduced the budget again and came down hard on it again. And what you don't want to do is make a significant investment and have the rug pulled out from under you. So you have to be a little prudent in how you make your investment. But that's something we look at all the time, and we are committed to driving it down.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Just wanted to clarify on the revenue side for Transit, I think you said, you think it stabilized. Does that mean you expected to be flat to maybe up in 2011 or is flat to down more realistic?
Albert Neupaver: I think flat to flat is more realistic. And a little fine after that.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And you're looking at, you said at least $20 million in PTC, maybe a bit more than that depending on the timing of the ramp in the fourth quarter, is that right?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we should see growth in the fourth quarter. We can't quantify that now because it depends on the completion of these testing phases as I explained. So but once that starts ramping up, it should be a nice ramp-up. We've been waiting a long time for that ramp.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Got it, right. So but for 2011, most of the $150 million implied revenue increase is on the Freight side?
Albert Neupaver: Yes.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: So if I look at the $2.90 guidance number, if I hold the variables like share count and interest expense constant, it looked like you're thinking about 30 or 40 bps of operating margin expansion. But it seems like you should be getting a richer mix and the rolling 12-month backlog certainly suggests that. Are you expecting any pressure from input cost inflation or anything like that?
Albert Neupaver: Well, I think as everyone on the call knows, I mean inflation has raised its ugly head here in the last number of months. And I think there's going to be a lot of pressure from that standpoint. However, that said, we have really tried to make sure that our divisions, our management team is very focused and disciplined on how we handle these commodity prices and other inflationary aspects. Now that said, you know that sometimes people get a little complacent, so we can't say we're 100% covered against all these types of inflations. But I could tell you that it's been a major focus and it continues to be a major focus on our part to make sure that when we take an order, that these commodities has either a surcharge or some other mechanism that would cover changes in FX, changes in commodity pricing. So yes, I think inflation will be there, but I think we're going to be able to manage it well.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. So I mean, between the Wabtec Performance System, which has certainly paid a lot of dividends to you, and the increase in freight, which should help absorption, and your ability to just hold those costs in line, it sounds like maybe there's some upside in terms of incremental margins as we go through the year, especially if the revenue really comes through on the Transit side. Is that a fair statement?
Albert Neupaver: We always strive to improve. We have a continuous improvement aspect, and we're going to work very hard to keep the fixed cost down as low as we can and not add back cost as we ramp up during this recovery. So we would hope that we would perform to our expectations.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Albrecht of BB&T.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to just double check a couple of statistics. I got kind of cut off at one point. Alvaro, on the SG&A, the quarterly guidance had been about $48 million to $50 million; obviously you came in higher with the acquisition. So should we think about that as what, $53 million to $55 million now?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I think, Tom, I think you hit the nail right on the head going forward. For the quarter, obviously, it was $53.4 million. Going forward, once you get the full impact of the acquisitions and we're expecting slightly higher pension costs, slightly higher healthcare costs and probably a small increase in our stock-based comp. And once you factor all those in, I think a number about $55 million, plus or minus, is probably what I'd use as a run rate. If you compare it to the fourth quarter of last year, it was up by about $10 million, and I would say over half of that, about $5.5 million, was due to acquisitions. And again, you'll feel the full effect of those acquisitions in the run rate this year. But a little bit more than half has been acquisitions. And then compared to last year, last year was, all of us in management are a little, hate to admit this but last year was a very low year for comp overall and particularly, the stock-based comp and bonuses. And in '10, you saw a return to a more normal level and that added about another $5 million, and that pretty much accounts for the increase.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. So I'm delighted to hear that the incentive comp was up, that means a lot of good things. But just in terms of kind of an absolute number, where did that come in, in 2010 so that we know how to think about that as we model? I think you said slightly higher.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I would say the SG&A, for modeling purposes, you can use about $55 million a quarter. And then obviously, we'll have to adjust that as acquisitions come in. And that can be impacted by one-time events too as well, but we'll explain those.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Yes. No, I understand. But where did the incentive comp finish 2010 for the whole year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We have various elements of it. We're looking at the stock-based comp because that comes right out of the funds flow statement for you. The stock-based comp this year was about $11.8 million compared to about $3.6 million last year. So I'd say that the number this year is a pretty normal ongoing number. And as you can see, it was very, very low last year. The year before that, it was at $10.5 million. So it was $10.5 million, $3.6 million and then $11.7 million. So you can see the difference between the two years.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Yes, definitely. And then similar question for the amortization, the guidance had been about $2.5 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: It looked like the new bump rate is $3.5-ish million for the time being?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, see, amortization is a tough number. Basically going forward  and what makes it hard is the acquisitions because you have this one-time -- you mentioned you may have missed part of the early part of the call, but we have what we call purchase price accounting or PPA where you have to basically capitalize the inventory on hand when you made the acquisition and the backlog, and you basically don't record any profit until it turns over. And that can cause amortization expense to yoyo a little bit. For this quarter, it was $3.5 million. Looking forward, assuming no changes, it'll probably be about $3 million, $3.1 million next quarter. Some of these items will lapse and the amortization expense will decrease, but then if we have an acquisition it'll bounce back up again. So but on an apples-to-apples basis, it'll be about $3 million, $3.1 million.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Stockholders' equity, do you have that and can you give us any glimpse into the segment operating margins?
Albert Neupaver: $903 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, it's been around $900 million, and I think that's a good number going forward. In terms of margins, I think Al -- I'm not sure what your question about margins may be. I think Al just talked to that a while back. But what are you
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Yes, the consolidated -- I meant for the Freight and Transit within the fourth quarter, did you have those or do we have to wait for the 10-K to kind of
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, they'll be in the K, which we expect to file, I guess, within a week.
Thomas Albrecht - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, I'll look for that. And I guess the last question would be, there's some big differences in the industry forecast for railcar production this year, one number's over 40,000 couple of numbers barely get to 25,000. I heard your comments earlier about 25,000 to 30,000. But maybe this is a question for you, Al, what is your gut really saying? We've seen an increase in the backlog, the fourth quarter orders were well over 10,000. Where are you kind of coming out on your gut? Could production really be closer to 40,000?
Albert Neupaver: I think it's really difficult to say right now. I think there's a number of factors that'll play into it. We mentioned about the parked cars and is that a red herring or is that truly an indicator that all these cars have to come back, or what percentage? I've asked that question to every person that I meet in the industry and no one has an answer. If you look at how many orders were actually placed in what was a year that we didn't expect to see many orders, you got 30,000 orders that come in during 2010 with deliveries around 16,500 or so. So you're seeing the orders coming in, you're seeing the backlog go up at the same time. I think it's a healthy situation, and I think it'll continue to improve. I think that our number is a number that we based our numbers on. And we hope that it's a little higher than that and I really doubt it's going to be any lower than that.
Operator: The next question comes from Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just a couple follow-ups on a couple things that you talked about. Al, when you talk about PTC and add in your interactions with the railroads, do you get the sense at all that they may be trying to delay as much as possible in hopes that they get a more friendly administration after 2012 that will really reduce the impact to their business from PTC?
Albert Neupaver: I think there's a tremendous amount of activity going on in that area. Let me just speak to a couple of them and hopefully, this will answer the question. The AAR, which is an organization of the railroads, I mean they've actually have pushed ahead to try to get some activity related to their route miles. Now why is that? I mean, what happened is when the FRA put the specification together, they said you've got to use whatever route miles were traveled in 2008, that's where you've got to install PTC. Well, that's obviously unfair, I mean, because they can take hazardous material through a different route and preclude them from having to put PTC on all this territory. They estimate that they could eliminate about 10,000 miles out of the total of 73,000 miles that are required under the mandate to be fitted for PTC. So I think it's a logical thing and that's what Hutchison from Texas had presented the bill saying, hey, let's look at this realistically. The second thing is, is they're required at this point to put two displays in the cab. One is all they think that they need, why would you have two there? And they're trying to create some litigation around the fact that, why do I have to put that extra expense there? When you look at some of the studies that have been done, G.O.A. [G.O.A. Freight Systems] and others have looked into, can this be done by 2015? And I think the railroads and others are concerned about the ability to do it. It's a very complex thing to get this installed and running on all the different players. Probably the most difficult area is in the transit area or the short line railroads that are required to have this. And there's a number of those that are required to do this. And some of those have jumped out in front and are being proactive in trying to work on a program. But at the same time they're coming back to the government and saying, hey, I need funding and I may need more time. Who's going to fund all these municipalities to do it? So I think there's a little bit of effort on the railroads' part to jump on that a little bit and say, hey, if they're going to get funding, should I get funding? At the end of the day, we're pushing forward as hard as we can to meet every deadline that we can, and we'll see what happens. I don't think there's any kind of traction at all to kill this effort. I think that it's way early to find out whether you need more time in order to get it fully implemented. And I think that'll play out. Actually, I think that they need to be reporting this somewhere, maybe in 2012 or late in 2012. So yes, it's a lot of talk. I think that it's way early to say whether it can be met or not. We think that it's a viable technology. We've been operating this technology with BNSF on 600 locomotives since 2004. So we're just going to push ahead, and we do support the fact that there should be some funding for the railroads and the transit authorities to do this mandate as I stated.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Well, let me follow-up on a couple things you said. I mean, if the funding isn't there and in some cases, we just don't know, with the locals and at the state level, if they're unable to do it on the passenger lines, doesn't that effectively kill the system?
Albert Neupaver: Well, you have Metrolink and Denver and other programs that are already moving forward. So these programs have to move forward and they are. Metrolink gave an order to Parsons for $120 million to install PTC on their system. And Denver has a consortium with Fluor and Rotem and others that have putting in a new railroad in Denver that is looking. We've been working with Metro for a number of years when we started working with BNSF. So that is moving forward. What they're asking for is let's state where the funding is coming from. They're going to have to be funded.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: The comment you made about them kind of fighting the two monitors in the cab, the guidance that you've given us on the $250 million to $500 million, is that based on them having to put two monitors in or one?
Albert Neupaver: One.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay, okay. So if they got that, that wouldn't impact the guidance you've given us?
Albert Neupaver: Right.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Secondly, I want to follow up on the margin question. You commented on lowering your fixed cost, but as I've kind of seen what you guys have done over the last several years, I would view you not so much just lowering the fixed cost of the business, but really shifting the business away from being a fixed cost business to being more of a variable cost business. And if my thinking on that is correct, is it more appropriate to think on the go-forward that the margin growth within the business is going to be kind of limited to maybe that 30 to 40 basis points that we're talking about in 2011?
Albert Neupaver: Our fixed base, as hard as we are to be focused on it, you got to realize that when you look at fixed cost and the definition of it, it's usually about 15% of your revenues, even after you've driven it down. There are certain businesses have some high and some low, but on average, it's about 15% of your revenues.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: You said 50%?
Albert Neupaver: 15%. Okay. And so there's plenty of opportunity.
Operator: The next question comes from Kristine Kubacki of Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: Just on the aftermarket transit side and I hope you didn't answer this already. But I just wanted to know, talking about Transit Authorities, have they really ended kind of the deferring of maintenance as you guys have seen it in the past few quarters and kind of the pulling from inventories? And I guess then my question is in order for them to cut aftermarket further, if we were to see that, would they have to take cuts in existing service, like actually taking equipment offline to cut aftermarket further from kind of the level it's at, at this point?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, by no means did we want to infer that they're deferring any kind of maintenance or aftermarket. What they were doing is using up inventory, driving it down. And you're exactly correct. I mean, that we've actually seen has rebounded, and the decline of that now has fully recovered. But the concern is if you do start impacting ridership and service cuts, that could have an impact because they don't have the right funding to do the service they need. So that is a concern.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay. And then, I guess, you talked a little bit about the fragmented nature of the orders kind of on the transit side. And I know in the past when you guys have talked about some of the best operating margins you get are on those long runs, you get better at the business like in New York City. So does that kind of impact kind of where we could see margins, I guess, the leverage in the business on the transit side if the orders are, in fact, more fragmented, or am I thinking about that wrong?
Albert Neupaver: I think that there is always a -- if you have a long run, and the learning curve gives you a better opportunity to perform. But it's really, we've been focused on continuous improvement on margins. And as you could see, with the performance we've had in the third quarter, you had the margins with the drop in transit sales. I think it indicates that we have a good handle on our cost and margin opportunities.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay. And then my final one, a more esoteric question. I guess there's been some news coming out of China, the Chinese Ministry of Rail (sic) [Railways] and there's been some people removed and there's been some rumors of scandal. Have you seen anything over there? Are there any immediate concerns? Is it related or is it really on their high-speed rail only? Are there any impacts to your business at least in the near term because there's kind of the upheaval over there?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, the only thing we know is that the head of the Ministry of the Railroad was arrested and it was related to high speed rail as far as we know. And that's the extent of it. We have no other facts that we could really speak to.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Trahan.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Just wanted to follow up on the earlier question about the legislation to reduce the PTC mandate. If they reduce the number of miles by 10,000, does that impact the number of locomotives that need the on-board computer?
Albert Neupaver: No, not at all. What it does is there's about 75,000 switches out there that would need to be touched, and signals, like the red lights and stuff. Each one of those has to have a transmitter. And what it does is, if any of that route miles does not need to be fitted for PTC, that just eliminates the wayside business and that's not the part of the business that we're involved in. Normally, the locomotive change would be insignificant.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay. So maybe a little bit of a headwind for the Xorail opportunity, but for the core on-board computer, no impact?
Albert Neupaver: Right.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Also, you talked about you're actively involved in some bids on the international side. Can you give a little bit more color, where are those bids and what's the size and timing of them?
Albert Neupaver: There's a number of bids that are there. Most of them are, there are some in Europe, there's some all over the world. We're actively bidding programs and what we manufacture in 17 countries and ship to 125. So and some of these projects range from $20 million up to $100 million projects. And without naming any specifics, I could tell you that we're not short of opportunity, but it just takes time to break through some of the barriers of entry that exist in some of these countries and we're making good progress. If you look at where our international sales were five years ago, 1/3 of our business to today, it's almost 50%. That's the kind of progress we're making. And these opportunities, there's projects in South America, Rio; there's projects in Australia that we're bidding on; there's projects in South Africa; there's projects all over Europe; there's projects in Turkey. I mean so there's tremendous opportunity, as I've always said. This market is a very huge market and we're a small player. So if you want specific programs, I think you could follow up with Tim sometime and he could give you a flavor of those.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay, great. Can you give an update on the latest for the upcoming New York Transit projects? And then, Alvaro, I don't think I heard, can you give cash from ops in the quarter?
Albert Neupaver: I'll answer the cash from ops and save Alvaro some breath. It was $176 million
Raymond Betler: In the quarter. It was $101 million
Albert Neupaver: Yes.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: $176 million for the year, about $100 million for the quarter.
Albert Neupaver: Right. Okay, and the other question was related to
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: New York.
Albert Neupaver: New York. New York has a small program that they call R188. It's only for, I don't know, 20, 30 cars, it's 23 cars. And that program has been awarded to a car builder and we're working with that car builder now to see what our portion of that business is. And they have a follow-up program called R179, which is a larger order of well over 100 subway cars and that program is moving forward as well. I think that we should hear something on that later this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Halter of Great Lakes Review.
Gregory Halter - Great Lake Review: You detailed the capital spending the last couple of years. Just wonder what your projections are for 2011?
Albert Neupaver: It's $25 million on '11.
Gregory Halter - Great Lake Review: Okay. And given this recent surge in oil prices, just wonder if you could again elaborate your thoughts on rail versus over land, trucking and so forth in terms of cost savings and so forth and so on, and how that would or could impact your Freight business?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, two aspects of the oil price is that, one is there's no other more efficient way to move freight, as well as people than by rail. I mean, there's so many statistics out there. On one gallon of diesel fuel, you could go almost 500 miles with one ton of freight. One intermodal train takes 280 trucks off the road. So that is one of the factors why this is such a compelling industry that we play in. But the increase, obviously causes increased price or cost for the railroads, it has a negative impact. So I think you'll find people moving more toward mass transit than driving their cars because of it. So it's a positive for the industry without a doubt.
Gregory Halter - Great Lake Review: Okay. And you mentioned some acquisitions and maybe some large ones. Just wondered if you could give us a frame of reference on how high you would go on a debt to cap basis, what
Albert Neupaver: We would feel comfortable, we've said this in the past, with 2x, 2.5x our EBITDA debt. So that gives you a flavor of size there.
Gregory Halter - Great Lake Review: Okay. And would you be willing to issue new stock?
Albert Neupaver: I see no reason why not.
Gregory Halter - Great Lake Review: Okay. And last one, given the situation in the Eastern Corridor in terms of the storms and so forth, has your service business seen any impact in terms of a pickup from train repair and so forth that may have needed to be done there?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we saw they had a lot of problems, especially with one of the heavy snows and then the deep freeze. There was a lot of mechanical problems, which, really, we had to activate our service people and repair centers to try to support the municipalities in the Northeast.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: You may have mentioned this, but your guidance assumptions for this year do not include any more acquisitions, is that correct?
Albert Neupaver: That's correct. We never include acquisitions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Al Neupaver, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
Albert Neupaver: I just want to thank everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you very much.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Q3 2010 Earnings Conference Call: 
Executives: Al Neupaver - President and CEO Tim Wesley - IR Alvaro Garcia- Tunon - Sr VP, CFO & Secretary Pat Dugan - VP and Controller
Analysts: Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan Paul Bodnar - Longbow research Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note that this event is being recorded. I now would like to turn conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley. Please go ahead sir.
Tim Wesley: Thanks Keith. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Let me introduce for you the rest of our team members who are here. Al Neupaver, our President and CEO, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO, and our Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. We'll make our prepared remarks as usual and then well take all your questions. I want to refer you to today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers on our forward-looking statements.  With that I'll turn it over to Al.
Al Neupaver: Thanks Tim. Good morning everyone. Today we reported a strong quarter with a bright outlook. The third quarter sales were at $376 million, thats 14% higher than year ago quarter. Earnings per share was $0.63, thats 11% higher than the $0.57 in the year ago quarter. Our operating margins were good at 13.5% of sales and we generated $51 million of cash from operations. We also made some good progress on our gross strategies. We feel these results demonstrate the strength of our diversified business model, that our strategic initiatives are paying off and that we continue to benefit from the Wabtec performance system. Today we updated our 2010 guidance for earnings per share based on our performance in the first nine months and the outlook for the rest of the year. We now give a guidance of $2.50 to $2.55 that compares to 2.45 to 2.55. Sales are expected to be up for the year 6 to 7% with growth in freight more than offsetting a decrease in transit revenues.
The overall economy seems to be improving which is having a positive effect on our freight rail industry and it will help transit agencies as local and state funding become more available. The recovery is still sluggish as we all know with unemployment high and budget issues at federal, state and local levels. Were still cautious in the short term but quite optimistic in the long term.: I want to emphasize that regardless of the economic climate well stick to our long held philosophy. Be disciplined when it comes to cost and focus on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities. Just a reminder for everyone, well be issuing our 2011 guidance in February with our year end results. Lets talk about our markets, the freight rail market. Let's talk a little bit about the freight rail market. Rail traffic has rebounded solidly this year after a drop of 15% in 2009. Through early October, ton miles were up 8% and intermodal traffic was up 15%. Freight rail traffic bottomed up in the second quarter of 2009 with average weekly ton miles of about 26.8 billion compared to 32.3 billion in the third quarter of this year. Increase in traffic has lead to a similar rebound in our North American after market business. After market was about two thirds of our total freight sales in the third quarter with sales up both compared to second quarter and to the year ago quarter. The freight traffic increases led the railroads to pull more parked cars and locomotives out of storage which will eventually help our OEM market. Theres still about 330,000 cars parked or about 22% of the fleet down from a peak of more than half a million cars.  The new rail car outlook is improving but still well below historical norms. Third quarter deliveries were at 3,706. Third quarter orders 9,194, more than double the second quarter and the backlog rose to over 19,000 cars. We expect the locomotive OEM build to exceed 500 this year as most of the units in storage are now running once again Even with rail car and locomotive builds at historical lows, we have performed extremely well. Freight revenues exceeded 200 million in the quarter, the highest level in recent years. As rail cars and locomotive builds recover to normalized levels we should see good internal growth. The transit market. The long term outlook remains strong with good growth opportunities both in the US and international markets. However in the short-term as we discussed during our second quarter call, continued to see effects from the budget issues at our transit agency costumers. These issues have affected short-term aftermarket demand and has delayed some OEM projects. As the economy improves we feel this trend will reverse. Our transit sales have also been affected by the completion of a few major OEM programs with new programs being delayed but not cancelled. Our long-term transit outlook is good both domestic and internationally. Current US federal transportation spending bill has been extended through the year-end while permanent bills being negotiated. The House is asking for a 2011 spend of about $11.3 billion, thats a 5% increase from this year and just today the Obama administration announced additional funding for passenger rail projects, about $2.5 billion. It appears that most of this is targeted for high speed rail corridors. The second quarter ridership has increased 5% compared to the first quarter. This stat is normally delayed a few quarters. Were starting to see new orders awarded at New York City, WAMATA and Amtrak. Over the next few years we expect additional bids from Metra, Miami, New York City transit, BART and Amtrak and new commuter locomotive orders from Metra, Amtrak and in Florida. During the quarter we signed a $115 million contract with MBTA in Boston to build 20 next generation higher speed passenger locomotives, a significant order that we feel will position us well for future business. We also continued to make good progress with qualifying our components in braking systems in the European and Asian markets. Overall Wabtec is in good position to take advantage of the long term strong commitment in the US and abroad to expand mass transit as we are managing aggressively through the short term issues. We are focused as a company on growth in cash. Cash remains a priority. It provides the opportunity to invest in organic growth and acquisitions. We'll stay focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, diving down working capital and controlling our capital expenditures. With this cash we will continue to invest in strategic growth opportunities, global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new products technologies, acquisitions. I'd like to spend a couple of minutes to discuss our progress in these strategies because I think it continues to be quite meaningful. As far as global and market expansion our sales outside of the United States was 42% of our total sales for the quarter, 15% higher than the year ago quarter, reflecting our progress international expansion. In Europe our progress has been good. Weve received a brake system order from Bucharest Metro; weve received door orders for Amsterdam, Athens and Turkey metros. Numerous products are in qualifications testing. We just completed our fourth JV in China with one more on the way.  In the after market expansion area, overall freight and transit after market sales total 56% of our total for the quarter. Thats a growth of 20% compared to a year ago quarter and 7% greater than the second quarter. We are seeing organic growth especially in the freight after market due to rail traffic increasing and cars and locomotives coming out of storage. Our new service center in Brazil continues to grow as we see other opportunities to participate in that market. New products. Over the last few years we have had tremendous focus on developing new products and enhancing our existing ones. Positive train controller is a major growth opportunity for Wabtec. With current product and market position could result in incremental sales growth of 250 million to 500 million over the next three to four years, with a ramp up expected at some point next year. The addition of Xorail that was acquired earlier this year has opened the door to a number of other positive train control opportunities for us.  Acquisitions. We are very pleased with the integration of GMD Specialties and Bock Simpson which were acquired during the quarter. They compliment our existing businesses nicely. They both are a good strategic fit; they allow expansion in our core markets with our core customers. GMD provides a variety of track and signal products that expands our presence with critical components. We expect some incremental business due to PTC, positive train controller implementation. Bock Simpson designs and manufactures electronic instrumentation products. This business strengthens our position in transit rail electronics and provides additional market penetration with commuter and transit customers. Both will have growth opportunities now that theyre part of Wabtec. We also expect margin opportunities through the application of our Wabtec performance system. Ill turn it over to Alvaro now.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great, thanks Al and good morning everyone. As Al mentioned, I think we had a very good performance in the quarter and we remain and continue to remain optimistic about our market position. In terms of specifics, I think there was a quarter I would classify as pretty normal, it wasnt too much any one timers or ins or outs. Sales were about 376 million, 14% higher than last year and the highest total sine the first quarter of '09. Of this increase, about half was organic with the rest coming from acquisitions. A definite positive was freight group sales which were up 68% with about two thirds of that coming from organic growth. So we see the revival of the freight market and we expect that to continue. We also saw growth in the after market due to increase in rail traffic and more rolling stock coming out of storage. The transit group sales were lower as Al mentioned but I think were probably to the point where were starting to hit bottom and we could see some rebound. Margins, as always were focused on driving margins higher with particular attention on the operating margin. For the quarter, operating margin was 13.5%, 20 basis points higher than the second quarter and year to date 30 basis points higher than last year. SG&A was higher than the year ago quarter. This was mainly due to the acquisitions of Unifin, Xorail, GMB and Bock Simpson but youll notice that it was lower than the run rate of the last quarter. Also this year we include  in this years quarter we include about 1.4 million of what we call PPA or purchase price accounting. These are the basically short term amortization required in accounting for acquisition. They typically run out in about nine months to a year and like I mentioned theres about 1.4 of that in our results for this quarter compared to none last year. If you exclude the PPA, operating margin was 13.8 rather than the 13.5 we reported. Interest expense was relatively stable, higher due to higher debt levels compared to '09 and other expense was slightly higher than the prior year. Last year we had a little bit of income, this year we had a little bit of expense mostly due to paper FX translation losses at some of our subs. The effect of tax rate was 33.4%, slightly lower than the year ago quarter, about the same as the second quarter. We had a couple of small releases of reserves. I would say for the fourth quarter either probably expect a tax rate of somewhere around 35% or so. Working capital, receivables were down about 10 million. Inventories were up 9 million and payables were up about 6 million so a net positive adjustment of about 7 million. However working capital does include acquisitions of about 15 million so we actually reduced working capital in the period by about 22 which is a positive accomplishment. Cash from operations for the quarter was about 51 million or 13.5% of sales. At the quarter end we had 177 million in cash and net debt of 233. Of the gross debt, gross is the fore cash net is after cash obviously we had 410. This debt consists of 150 million in bonds, 137 million on a term loan and 123 million on a revolver. I think if you take a look at our balance sheet basically we had our debt to Ebidta is about 1, a little bit over one. We have plenty of capacity for investing in growth opportunities. To give you a few of the numbers that I think is of general interest to everyone, depreciation for the quarter was 7.1 million versus 5.3 million last year. Amort was about 2.6 million versus 1.7 million last year. The increasing amortization is basically due to the acquisitions and allocation of purchase price and amortization of some of the intangibles. CapEx continues to be very reasonable, 5.4 million for the quarter. Year to date the CapEx is 12.4 million versus 10.8 million last year. Backlog, the multi year backlog is up significantly due in part to the 115 million locomotive contract with MBTA order that Al mentioned previously as well and weve previously announced. The total backlog, this includes 12 month backlog as well as backlog to be executed later is 1.04 billion, up from 921 million in the last quarter. 748 million of that is in transit versus 665 million so the total transit backlog has gone up and the freight backlog is 289 million versus 256 million. Again freight is not a backlog driven business so you would expect that backlog to be lower than transits. The roll in 12 month backlog or what we expect to execute in the next 12 months compared to the last quarter, the last quarter being June 30, 10 in total is 497 million versus 522 million. In transit its 291 million versus 348 million and in freight its 206 million versus 174 million. Hopefully I didnt go too fast on that, you were able to get that down but please let us know if you didnt and with that Ill turn it back over to Al.
Al Neupaver: Okay in summary we had a good performance in the third quarter and were expecting to finish the year strong. I want to emphasize longer term we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities that we see. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec performance system which gives us the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that managed aggressively through the recession and is now focused on driving for growth initiatives. With that we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And the first question comes from Arthur Hatfield with Morgan Keegan.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Morning everybody and congrats on a great quarter. Hey Alvaro, quick question on the tax rate. Tax rate came in a little bit lower than we had anticipated and its been that way for a couple of quarters. I think historically your guidance has kind of been in that 35 to 36% range. What went on in the quarter and how can we think about that going forward?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Basically what we do Art is we  forecast provide tax rates I think relatively conservatively and then what happens is we dont really release against that tax rate until any benefits have been realized and during the quarter we did receive a couple of small refunds as well as we saw a couple of state tax issues expired. So the tax rate was a little bit lower than it would have been normal, than would have been normal otherwise.  But again the fourth quarter we would expect it to be normal again which for us is about 35%.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Okay. So we should always think about 35% in any benefits that come in, just they come in as they come in.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Okay and then in the quarter too and I guess, I know you guys really like to think in operating margin but if you could think about this from that perspective in gross profit, in the quarter was there any negative or positive impact on your margins due to the acquisitions?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: See thats one of the reasons it gets complicated because when you do this purchase price accounting, some of it goes to cost of sales, some of it goes to SG&A, some of it can go to amortization and that can have an impact which is why to be honest we like to say just focus on the operating margin line and not so much where we put these numbers. Again what we would call the short term purchase price accounting adjustment was about 1.4 million. Part of that was in cost of sales, part of that was in SG&A. Lets see, cost of sales was probably about, its almost 50-50, a little bit less than cost of sales, a little bit more in SG&A.
Al Neupaver: Okay, but if we wanted to think about a more normalized kind of operating margin we would want to add back 1.4 million in expenses.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:
 :
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Just a couple more questions Al if you have some time. Gross profit or even we can focus on operating income and I know you guys get this question all the time, but is there  how should we think about it going forward? Two things, one, what are the things that can help you get that number to move higher and two what are the kind of natural forces that maybe prohibit you from improving the margins going forward.
Al Neupaver: Well as you know our goal is to continuously improve and apply our Wabtec performance system and the things that we focus on are that were looking at sourcing opportunities, were looking at making sure were manufacturing the lowest cost platform, were looking at pricing opportunities, were looking at applying the lean manufacturing techniques and these acquisitions that we have, we look to apply that. When you look for margin improvement in the long term, one thing we did is and I mentioned it in the prepared remarks is we aggressively manage through the downturn and were still at historically very low levels of railcar build, locomotive builds in the freight market and weve been able to rebound in the aftermarket area. As those markets come back volume will also help with the margins. So in addition to volume improvement and applying this Wabtec performance system, we expect to continually improve those margins. If you look at how we handled the margins during the recession with the decline of about at least 10% in volume, we were able to really maintain our margins at a very respectable level and as that volume comes back, we would expect our margin to improve into the future.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: With that let me ask then this and this I guess is my concern about margins going forward. Its just something that weve been thinking about lately, could the competitive environment and any pressure on pricing, can you comment on kind of what you  I know its early in this but the Amsted Faiveley relationship here in North America, what you think about that and what if any, I know its very  again its very early but any pricing pressure on products that you may compete with them with?
Al Neupaver: Keep in mind that the Amsted Faiveley cooperation agreement is really two people that weve competed with in the past and thats Alcon and Amsted both. So its not like an introduction of another competitor. We like everyone else has competitors in the marketplace and our focus is on the things we could control and thats to have the best quality product delivered at the lowest cost and well continue to focus on that. As you can see from my explanation is not a new entrant into the marketplace. Theyve joined forces probably to maybe consider bundling their products a little better and their offerings, something that were able to do because we have a large content especially in the freight car area. When you look at the diversity of product that we have and the breath of product that we have right now.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: So its fair to say at this point in time nothing has changed in the competitive environment and you have not seen them do anything irrational in an effort to grab market share.
Al Neupaver: Thats correct.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Okay, thats very helpful. Thanks for your time; Ill turn it over to someone else.
Al Neupaver: Okay thanks Art.
Operator: Thank you and the next question comes from Jim Lucas from Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Al Neupaver: Morning Jim.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: First question, could you just bring us up to date on the overall China strategy. You highlighted youre now up to four JVs with another one coming. Just talk a little bit about what exactly these different JVs bring you and how youre thinking about the Chinese potential.
Al Neupaver: Okay, good question Jim. We right now have four completed joint ventures. The first joint venture that we completed is with a company called Changchun Rolling Company which really is the ministry of the railroad and when we first went into China, that was the partner that they suggested we get involved in and they are strictly focused on the freight rail market and we truly are the world leader in that particular area and theres been a tremendous amount of focus right now on how they improve their freight marketplace and we are the only one thats really working in that area and that JV is a 50-50 because that is the requirement they have if youre going to be involved in the government industry there. It is growing nicely, we expect to continue to work with them and develop our products in their market. The second JV was in the freight friction area and thats a JV that is not really regulated by the Ministry of the railroads since the friction products are considered more of a commodity. This is a company that our Beckwith division had worked with for a long time and had a number of products in their portfolio and we are growing that business in the friction area. The third focus was on the transit area and we have a JV called Golden Bridge that is focused on couplers and other transit products. We started, that JV was completed earlier this year. We have two major orders with Metro in China and also an exported product. The fourth JV is really one that Unifin, the acquisition we made a year ago, a company they had worked with when they were still with Coke that had broken off and we just re-established that opportunity because as you know there is a lot of power generation activity in China and that gives us an opportunity to play in that market. The next couple of JVs were focusing on is another one in the transit area for some of the other products that are not on the portfolio of Golden Bridge and a second thermal management type JV that were working on to expand our heat exchanger business. The focus is to grow that business. Right now we have probably in the range of 60 to 70 million dollars of sales in that arena and it will be growing rapidly over the next couple of years. They continued to spend a lot of money not only in transit but also in the freight market and we want to take advantage of that window of opportunity.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Great, thats very helpful and on the PTC side, in your prepared remarks you talked about Xorail bringing other opportunities on the PTC side and was hoping you might be able to expand upon that other opportunity comment.
Al Neupaver: What Xorail does is they give us a group of engineers that do the design and engineering work and some construction work related to the wayside. Their focus has been in the positive train control area because thats where a lot of the business is. Joining that up with our capability that we have on the locomotive as well as the back office, we now are involved in what you would consider a system, more of a turnkey type of offering. There are two projects that are out there right now that have funding. One is with Metro Link and another one is with Denver and both of those we will play a role from the PTC side as well as the engineering design side. Thats the kind of opportunities that Im talking about.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay and finally just on PTC sticking there, you had said you expect a ramp in 2011 and can you just give us an update on what youre seeing in your order block, your conversations with customers about what gave you confidence that youll see a ramp in 2011 as opposed to it being pushed out for another year?
Al Neupaver: As far as orders, what were getting right now is still mostly development orders and orders related to testing. We feel that in order to meet the demand of completing the systems in the 2015 timeframe that its going to require that hardware and some of the other activities are going to have to start flowing up. We do not have any firm orders related to that.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Good morning guys, how are you doing?
Al Neupaver: Good, how are you?
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Very good. So why dont you just dig a little deeper on the transit side? I think I heard one of you comment that you think that its bottomed in the third quarter but the issue with state and local budgets doesnt seem to be getting any better and the backlog, at least one of your backlogs fell from last quarter. So what gives you guys the confidence that the transit rails gets better from here?
Al Neupaver: Yeah weve been monitoring closely the aftermarket business on the transit side and as you can only go so long with delaying some of the work that you would have and I know that they run down their inventories and theyve put off whatever they can and theyve taken some service cuts in order to meet their budgets. We think this is really, were seeing a stabilization of that. On the OEM weve seen some contracts that theyve let go to the car builders. Well be working to get our portion or some share of the business as well and we expect more of that to happen here into 2011. So we kind of feel that it has bottomed up, its stabilized and we also have about half of that business is outside of the US where the marketplace really is not down and up and we continue to make progress in that area as well. So youve kind of got the bottoming out of the US aftermarket and the opportunities that exist on a global basis that we talked about and were making good progress. We talked about some of the wins that weve had. Thats what was really behind the comment that Alvaro made during his prepared remarks.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Thats good color and so just to sum up if were thinking about it, directionally from 157 million of revenue, directionally should be flatter up from here, not down more.
Al Neupaver: Well, well see. Theres always fluctuations quarter to quarter and we feel that the business has bottomed up but there are fluctuations quarter to quarter. So the long term trend will be up. I cant comment on what will happen next week or the next three weeks because really depends on larger contracts in transit than it does for the freight markets.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay, great and wanted to follow up on the last question about PTC. One of the big rails, they cut their spending by about half four [2,000]. Just generally, what are you hearing from them about any technology or design implementation delays and how does this impact your timing for when you think PTC spending will ramp up? I know you said that you think it will start next year but is it coming in slower for next year than maybe you were thinking a few months ago? It just feels like the rails have been slow to really ramp up their spending.
Al Neupaver: The rails are trying to make sure that all the specifications related to the interoperability and their implementation plans are totally accepted and understood so that you dont get too far down the line and have all the hardware and some of the specifications change. So I think this is in due course the railroads are working very diligently and hard to get these specifications agreed to and well be moving into the testing phase here shortly. Once were in the testing phase then we talk about getting our product safety plan approved for the implementation of the vital portion. We already have it on the overlay system. I think its a progression of time and were working very closely with them. Were not aware of any technology issue. Its a matter of making sure that we have the right specifications and protocols and that its been tested properly and thats what were going through. Those things never happen as fast as you want but we do expect that this will start ramping up in 2012. If theres anything I can tell the railroads are spending a lot of time and money on this right now.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: So you think 11 or 12 is when it starts to ramp up?
Al Neupaver: Next year is 11.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay, sorry I thought I just heard you say 12. And just directionally then when we think about having a PTC network by 2015, should the onboard computer be something that happens in the first three innings or the last three innings when we think about getting a full network up and running?
Al Neupaver: Its a complex system. The locomotive portion, the onboard portion of the system, when you talk about the total expenditure youre talking about 15 to 20% of the total expenditure. So you can almost correlate that to the amount of work and thats an item that is developed and you install it. The wayside, there is a tremendous amount of work. The revenues that go in that area could be 40 to 50% of the total spend and then you have a communications system and you have an office, a back office dispatch and then theres also going to be opportunities from installation and maintenance associated with the system. But rest assured in order to get the system started and running you have to start at some point installing the brains of the system which is on the locomotive and get it out there and so would I say its in the first inning? No, is it in the middle innings? Yes, its definitely not the last innings.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay great and then last quick one if I can for Alvaro. I know its early but just given where discount rates are, what are you thinking could be a pension expense headwind for next year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And youre absolutely right. The discount rate does have an effect on pension expense and for those uninitiated in GAAP accounting, basically you set your expansion expense at the beginning of the year and then regardless of changes you keep that up and then you do one for the next year. Right now its difficult to estimate because we havent gone through the actuarial process. The benchmark for the discount rate is about December of 10. Im not sure its not going to be that much different from the prior benchmark until we see the actuarial calculations come out though Id rather not comment one way or the other apart from that. Im not an actual, okay.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: You sound like one though. Alright, thanks guys.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Im _ I hope we dont have anything in the audience.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Alright, thanks for your time guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Paul Bodnar from Longbow research.
Al Neupaver: Good morning Paul.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow research: Hey, good morning. Quick questions on the intermodal market, obviously its been one of the areas thats really picked up and if I remember four years always had a little more content in those cars, if you could just kind of comment on what additional contact you have in that car type is and if you have any dollar differences versus the regular railcar?
Al Neupaver: On an intermodal car we probably get an additional maybe 30 to 40% more than we would have on the regular car.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow research: It doesnt make any difference, its just the articulated?
Al Neupaver: Yeah, its the articulated. Thats the only thing that makes it any different.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow research: Okay and then I guess you talked a little bit about the  I dont know what you would say but in terms of margin expectations this quarter and also in 11, I mean you dont release your transit margins along with your quarterly release into the Q. Can you just directionally tell us maybe a little bit more where thats going from last quarter, if its kind of in line with where that is or if that pullback is obviously felt down a little bit further then also should we expect it to kind of stay at these levels or your current levels headed to next year?
Al Neupaver: We obviously, the second quarter numbers were out there in the Q so you should have those and as you can tell even with the volume drop I think that our management team managed those margins quite well and we stay focused on continuing to manage those margins even when we had this business at a lower level. I cant give you the actual numbers because we havent finalized the Q yet. Those will be in there and you can rest assured that the management team is continually focusing on maintaining and improving on our margins.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow research: If there is a shift as youre saying but some of the aftermarket work is kind of  theres some pent up demand there, is that something we should think of, should there be some positive margin contributions (inaudible) higher margin products?
Al Neupaver: Our aftermarket is generally equal or better than our normal margins as weve said before, than our OEM. So if that does get released I think it would be a positive.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow research: Okay, thanks a lot.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey good morning guys.
Al Neupaver: Morning Steve.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I hear what youre saying on the aftermarket. We know the railcar orders on the OE side have been ramping sequentially. Are you seeing the builders come in yet in a big way to as theyre starting to increase build rates or is that yet to come and then are you also seeing from a pricing starting to firm up in the marketplace?
Al Neupaver: I think that on the railcar area we gave the 3700 was the delivery. So thats what we see now. The good news is that the 92 or 9300 of orders placed obviously is a good indication of whats coming down the road and the fact that the backlog has come up to 19. But keep in mind just in 2008 we were at 59,000 deliveries and if you analyze the 37 that were talking about youre talking 14ish. So when I talk about historical lows this year will be probably the lowest delivery of railcars all the way back to the 1980s. I mean I think it was 17,000 in 2002 timeframe. So it is still that low. The positive is that we are seeing this railcar build pick up and were seeing primarily in specialized cars with this intermodal coming up 14%. Obviously theres been some demand in orders in that area. Of this parked car no one really knows how many stay parked forever and Im hearing that that could be 100,000 or more. So all the trends are going in the right direction. What we are seeing is I dont think anyone is acting irrationally out there as far as a railcar builder or they weathered the storm pretty well. Theyve been through that before and theyve done a great job of managing through it. So I dont think anyone is going to go out there and be irrational just to get a few orders at this point.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yeah I hear you but it means to me that you guys have taken some capacity offline; I would guess your competitors have as well. Does that give you the ability to drive pricing a little bit now that youre seeing the backlog back at 20,000 and that implies certainly a higher build rate in 11 than were seeing in 10?
Al Neupaver: We run a asset light business and were going to compete in the market. Our goal is to get our costs down and were going to get our share of business. Are we going to act irrationally? No.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I guess another way to ask that is if you think about the business that you quoted or whats in backlog on the freight side right now, is the margin imbedded in those offers lower than what youre quoting right now?
Al Neupaver: Well I think that the answer is is really taking a look at what weve been able to do in our margins with where the business is and I think that to be able to manage through that downturn and continue to have the margins we have, either whether you want to look at gross margins which are  they are as high as they probably ever have been or close to it and the operating margin is high as well. So I think the answer is in the results, not what I could really say to you.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: No, I agree that you guys have done a great job of keeping margin in a terrible volume environment. The implication for me is that if pricing has been depressed and you that all in the operational side, then when pricing comes back your cost structure is going to remain leaner than it was and you should have higher margins coming out of this as volume comes back.
Al Neupaver: Yes. We are  I may use the term, I think I used the term on the summary sheet, something to the effect that were very optimistic about the future and were pleased about the growth opportunities we see including our profit improvement.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it. Okay and
Al Neupaver: Im sorry but I think the question is a little too focused on  okay, go ahead.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Well I guess theres no reason to think that given the dynamics that were talking about that you wouldnt see margin expansion as volume comes back just based on how you maintain margins through the downturn. Is that a reasonable assumption?
Al Neupaver: I could answer that, an astounding yes.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Alright then finally as I look at your prepared comments you said railcar and locomotive builds as they start to recover youre going to see good growth. That makes sense. How do you see that railcar build progressing in FY11 and FY12 and I guess what do you consider the normal rate and I know its a boom and bust kind of business, but just going forward where do you think the business gets back to you on an annual build rate?
Al Neupaver: Theres a lot of forecast out there but its going to probably take a couple of years depending on how many of the parked cars have to come back. What were seeing right now, if you track the scrap rates, theyre up there pretty high at 3, 4% of the total fleet. So normal rate if you average everything out you should be between 40, 45,000 car build. Locomotive should be in the 1,000 to 1,200. So weve got a good way to go. I think some of this last quarter gives you a little more optimistic view on how long it would take. But one quarter doesnt make a trend so were going to maintain  and Im not sure the delivery on those orders that come in and we have to understand that as well. So were going to remain very cautious but optimistic about the future. The trend is the way we want it right now.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it and one last question and sorry if I missed this earlier, are you seeing any import price inflation yet or are your costs remaining pretty stable?
Al Neupaver: Its kind of spotty. Were right now working on a plan with the divisions and a few of the divisions are seeing some spot increases. But Id say overall that the inflation is not out of sight at this point. There are a few products that seem to have a little more power than others. But overall were not seeing a major inflationary concern.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, Ill get back in line. Thanks for your time.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Scott Blumenthal with Emerald Advisors.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Good morning gentlemen.
Al Neupaver: Hi Scott.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: I was very surprised to learn on this call that Alvaro is not an actuary.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Ill try and study up for the next time and see if I cant pass the first level of test.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: I think that you could accomplish that by next call Alvaro.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Youre a gentleman,
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: I believe that with the freight sales number, was that a record for one quarter?
Al Neupaver: You have to go back. The number was, I think it came close to it, I think it came within 4 or 5 million dollars. Id asked Tim to research, he went back five years and I think it is a record for five but Im not sure beyond and I think there might have been a time it went over that. Maybe that year that they had 80,000 cars or something.
Tim Wesley: I think it was the second quarter of 05. It was a bit higher.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Got it. Maybe we need an actuary to figure that one out.
Al Neupaver: Not actuarially speaking I can guarantee you that back then we didnt have deliveries for 3,500 cars.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Duly noted. I was surprised with the Xorail now and the numbers that engineering expense actually went down a little bit. Are you getting paid for some of that now Al and whats kind of moving that number?
Al Neupaver: Im not sure we throw all the engineering, we dont throw all the engineering expense in there, do we Pat?
Pat Dugan: Yes, some of the engineering gets charged to contract and cost of sales.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, got it. Thats helpful and Al could you talk a little bit more about the international sales growth that Alvaro mentioned 15% year over year? Give us an idea maybe which regions and kind of what product lines are driving that?
Al Neupaver: Well weve had as you know a lot of focus on our international expansion it being our number one. The first strategy that we talked about from a strategic thrust standpoint and what weve been able to do is were growing in those emerging markets, in Australia. Were growing in China. I gave you some numbers related to China. We started up a business in Brazil and now we have a manufacturing platform. Thats always been a pretty difficult market for us because of the import duty of 35, 36% and now were able to localize some of that business and were growing there. In the last few years we started up a platform in South Africa. That has really helped us grow. Were doing business in India as well which is an emerging market and an opportunity in both transit and freight. Weve got business now in Russia which we didnt have 12, 18 months ago. So it really is not one area, not one focus, not one product but a tremendous amount of effort on expanding our platform and creating a platform that we could build from instead of just exporting the product and I think thats been very positive for us.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, thats really helpful and Alvaro, can you maybe help me with the SG&A number? You did a tremendous job.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Were getting a little deep in here.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: A tremendous job there on  it looks like youre down sequentially about 10% on an increase in sales. Kind of what went on there with your sales mixer?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. What really impacts SG&A is acquisitions and like Pat mentioned earlier sometimes some of the acquisitions costs like say in Xorail which is primarily an engineering company. So their costs get charged, their engineering costs get charged to cost of sales rather than engineering or SG&A. But basically in this quarter we had about $1 million extra in SG&A from acquisitions from the second quarter of 010. In the second quarter of 010 we had a couple of items that we didnt have this time. I think we mentioned in the last conference call there was one, we settled a litigation in Texas for about a couple of million and we also cleaned up, did some reserves and some bad debts and cleaned up a little bit there that impacted SG&A and thats why you really see it if you compare to the second quarter actually going down which is always our goal actually. I think going forward, once you have the acquisitions in there for a full quarter going forward, you can  and again SG&A is kind of a catchall for all these expenses that dont fit in any of the other categories. Some of the purchase price amortization goes in there; some of that PPA that I referred to goes in SG&A as well. But I think all in run rate going forward should be somewhere between 48 to 50 million in the future.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, great.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Hope that lived up to the billing there.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Everybody did a terrific job. Thank you.
Al Neupaver: Alright, thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you and we have another question from Jim Lucas with Janney Montgomery Scott
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Yes, just a quick housekeeping question. What is the total year to date spend on acquisitions?
Al Neupaver: Year to date I think its just, because Xorail and Unifin were last year so its just  Xorail was this year and GMB and Bock Simpson. So youre looking at 85 million.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: 85. And goodwill at the end of the quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Goodwill at the end of the  hold on one second, let me take out balance sheet. It should be somewhere in the 515, 520 range. Its goodwill. There are intangibles most of which are associated with acquisitions but just the pure goodwill element is like I said 515, 520.
Al Neupaver: Jim it was 93 counting a few small ones that some of the JVs and stuff. So wed have to add probably another 8 million thats part of that  that would get you up to 93.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: So thats what youll see in the statement of cash flow?
Al Neupaver: Yes
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Perfect, thank you.
Al Neupaver: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions). Alright there are no questions at the present time so Id like to turn the call back over to Mr. Wesley for any closing remarks.
Tim Wesley: Okay. Thank you very much and well just do a quick reminder, well be giving the annual guidance in February along with the results for 2010. So I look forward to talking to you then or before. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you and that does conclude todays teleconference. You may now disconnect your phone lines.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executive: Tim Wesley - IR Al Neupaver - President and CEO Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Sr VP, CFO & Secretary Pat Dugan - VP and Controller
Analyst: Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott Kristine Kubacki -Avondale Partners Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Market Alison Wolf - Longbow Research Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors Tom Albert - BBT Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode for the presentation. But there will be an opportunity of course you ask questions, instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). At this time I would like to turn conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley. Please go ahead Mr. Wesley.
Tim Wesley: Thank you. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Introduce you for the rest of our team members who are here. Our President and CEO, Al Neupaver; our CFO, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, and our Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. We'll make our prepared remarks as usual and then be happy to take your questions. Of course once I refer to today's press release or the appropriate disclaimers on our forward-looking statements. Also want to point out that we will be referring to some non-GAAP performance measures. So we encourage you to review the reconciliation table within today's press release. With that I'll turn it over to Al.
Al Neupaver: Yeah. Good morning everyone. I don't know if all of you heard the music. I just want to make sure you knew that that is not the Wabtec theme song. Today we reported a strong quarter and improved outlook. Sales were 374 million that was 12% higher than year ago quarter and 3% increase over the first quarter. Earnings per share was at $0.65, this is the highest in more than a year. This compares to an adjusted non-GAAP number of $0.55 and that's what Tim was referencing there, in the year ago quarter. Our operating margins was strong at 13.3% of sales. We increased our guidance for the year and we made good progress on our gross strategy. This demonstrates the strength of our diversified business model and that our strategic initiatives are paying off. And that we continue to benefit from the Wabtec performance system. Today we increased our 2010 earnings per share guidance based on our performance in the first half and an outlook of the rest of the year to $2.45 to $2.55. This compares to 2.40 to 2.50 was previously our guidance. Sales are still expected to be slightly up for the year with growth in freight more than offsetting a decrease in transit. The overall economy seems to have rebounded which is having a positive effect on the freight rail industry. But this recovery remains sluggish with unemployment's still high and budget issues at the federal, state and local levels. So it's proven to remain cautious about our outlook. I want to emphasize that regardless of the economy we will stick to our long held philosophy. Be discipline went it comes cost and focus on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities. Let's talk a little bit about the freight rail market. Rail traffic has rebounded solidly this year after 15% drop in 2009. Through mid July, ton miles were up 9% and intermodal traffic was up 13%. Volume bottomed out in the second quarter of 2009 with an average weekly 10 mile about 26.8 billion. This compares to 32 billion ton miles that was recorded on average in the second quarter of this year. This traffic increase has lead to a smilar rebound of our North American great after market business. Great after market business is up 28% compared to second quarter 2009. The traffic increase has lead the railroads to pull more parked cars and locomotives out of storage which will eventually help the freight OEM market. About 365,000 cars however are still in storage or parked, its about 25% of the fleet. It's down from the peak of 0.5 million cars in the middle of last year. New rail car outlook is improving but still well below historical norms. The second quarter deliveries were about 2,900 and the orders were 4,900. Slightly less than first quarter but doubled the year ago quarter or orders. The backlog was to about 15,000 that's the highest we've seen in three quarters. We expect the locomotive OEM deal to be about 400 this year. Our international freight markets have almost fully recovered the pre-recession volumes. In general, conditions are improving in the freight markets and our results reflect that.  The transit market, our overall outlook remains strong with many growth opportunities. In the short-term as we cautious during the first quarter call we have seen some effect of the budget issues at our transit agency costumers. These issues are affecting short-term aftermarket demand and delay in some of the OEM projects. We believe this is a short term situation judging from the robust proposal activity out there both domestic and international. But we will continue to monitor market conditions closely and respond accordingly. Our long-term outlook in the U.S. and around the world is strong for transit markets. With good funding levels and ridership expected to increase again as unemployement and economy recovers. Current federal spending bill has been extended through year-end while our permanent bill is being negotiated. The House is asking for 2011 spending of about $11.3 billions in transit that's a 5% increase from this year. Ridership was down 2.7 in the first quarter. However in March it actually increased 1.3% for the first time in several months at cities such as Chicago, New York and L.A. as well increased. The pace of orders is steady with new projects awarded at New York City transit, WMATA which is in Washington D.C. and Amtrak. Over the next several years we expect additional orders from Metra which is in Chicago, Miami, New York City transit, BART in San Francisco and Amtrak. A new commuter locomotive orders from Metra and Amtrak. As you probably saw, we were selected to build locomotives for MBTA, the Boston Commuter Railroad. This was about a $140 million order which wont included in our backlog until we sign the contract. We also continue to make good progress with qualifying our components in braking systems in the European market. As we have discussed this is a large market where we only have a small share at this point. This will however take time to develop. We also have made an entrance into the China mass transit market with the signing of JV, Golden Bridge. This JV will support the transit couple of market in China. So Wabtec is in good position to take advantage of a long-term strong commitment in the U.S. and abroad to expand mass transit. And we will manage aggressively through any short-term issues. We remain focused on growth in cash. Cash remains a priority. This provides the opportunity to invest in organic growth and acquisitions. We'll stay focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost. Driving down working capital and controlling our capital spending. We will also continue to invest in our strategic growth opportunities, global and market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new products and new technology and acquisitions. I'll like to spend a few minutes on each of these. Global and market expansion; for the second quarter in a row our sales outside of US were almost 50% reflecting the progress we're making in developing our international markets. We received our first order for bus stores in Australia and India. And as I mentioned we completed our third JV in China and won an order for transit cutlers for about $7 million. In the after market expansion area our overall after market sales were 53% of our total a growth of 8% compared to a year ago quarter and 3% greater than the first quarter. Our service center in Brazil is already looking to expand to include additional components such as compressor and brake valves. We also are seeing other organic growth through the rail traffic increasing and cars and locomotives coming out of storage. In new products, positive train controller is a major growth opportunities for Wabtec and we continue to work and transit agencies to develop and implement system for the onboard locomotive solution which is really the brains of the system. Our current product and market position could resolve in incremental sales growth of 250 million to 500 million over the next four years, with a ramp of expected at some point next year. We made good progress at getting our systems and components qualified in the European transit market and just a matter of time until we begin to win system orders. We've also been busy on acquisitions. We are very pleased with the inauguration of Xorail which we acquired in mid-March. Xorail has expanded our capability into the signaling, engineering design and construction and adds to our train control offerings. We signed an agreement to acquire GMD Specialties and Bock Simpson from Global Railways industry. These two businesses will compliment our existing businesses nicely. GMD provides a variety of signal and track products and Bock Simpson designs and manufactures electronic instrumentation. With that I turn it over to Alvaro, who'll talk a little more in depth about our financial performance.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great, thanks, Al and good morning everyone. We had a good performance in the quarter and really are optimistic of our market position which is why we improved our outlook for the year. For the quarter, sales were 374 million or about 12% higher than last year this is the highest total to the first quarter of '09. Of this increase about half is organic with the rest coming from acquisitions that Al mentioned. Freight group sales which is I think a good sign for optimism. The sales were up about 40% more than half of that coming from organic growth. We also saw a growth in the after market due to increase in rail traffic and with more rolling stock coming out of storage. Transit group sales on the other hand were slightly lower than last year this is mainly due to the completion of the R160 order in New York which we discussed previously and for some other reason regarding state funding that Al mentioned. Returns and margins, we're continuously focused on driving margins higher with particular attention on the operating margin. For the quarter, operating margin was 13.3% versus 11% last year, on the other hand once you make an adjustment that we talked about for the comparative purposes to last year operating margin for 13.5% last year. So we're slightly down basically level. SG&A was slightly high in the year ago quarter -- I am sorry it's a little bit higher than the year ago quarter mainly due to the acquisitions of Unifin and Gorail the relative purchase price accounting for those units. There was a settlement of a product liability law suit for about a 1 million, 1.5 million which we included in this quarter and some what increased accruals inventive compensation based on a company's improved performance. On the interest line interest expense was a little higher due to higher debt levels compared to second quarter of '09. Other income was a little bit higher we always have to paper effects in other income sometime its a loss sometimes it's a gain. Typically its not material and this quarter was a gain. The effect of tax rate was about 33% it was higher than the second quarter last year which included the tax benefit of 9.7 million which we referred in the press release and earlier as well. In terms of working capital compared to March 31, receivables were about 275 million and this was up 27 million from the prior quarter. This was mostly due to the timing of progress payments related to long term transit contract, I'll be quite frank, I think we have some work to do in receivables and working capital in general and we expect to hopefully accomplish over next quarter and generate additional cash. Inventories were 239 million down 2 million, so in terms inventory levels making some progress. Payables were 124 million basically flat just up 2 million from the prior quarter. Cash at quarter end we had about 167 million in cash. This was down from a 179 million at the end of the prior quarter but we paid down about 12 million in debt. Cash generated from operations was about 17 million in the a quarter. In terms of debt, debt stood at 408 million at end of quarter compared to 419 million at the end of the prior quarter and I as mentioned we paid some down on term loan during the quarter. This still leaves us plenty of capacity for investing in growth opportunities for financing. Climate out there I think is generally favorable especially for us and we're not capital constrained at all. In terms of some another numbers that we technically give you during the call, depreciation was 6.6 million during the quarter versus 6.8 million last year. Amortization was 2.1 million this quarter but the same last year. CapEx modest level 3.4 million versus 5.3 million last year. That's one of the benefits of that type performance system we tend to be very right on CapEx. Turning to backlog, backlog was down slightly but it doesn't include recent MBTA order which Al mentioned which was about 140 million. After we sign the contract which we expect to I sign it up I think very shortly, that would put us back over 1 billion mark, right now we're 921 million. The rolling 12 month backlog compared to last quarter, just read out the numbers. The total -- this is the backlog that we expect to execute over the next 12 months. The total is 522 million versus 543 million in prior quarter, transit is 348 million versus 394 and freight is 174 million versus 149. So freights gone up by 25. In total the mutilate backlog this includes the 12 month backlog as well as what we expect to execute after the 12 month period, the totals now 921 million versus 938 million last quarter, but again once we sign MBTA that will put us back over -- up a $1 billion level. Transit is 665 versus 705 million in last quarter a modest decrease and freight is up 256 million to 233 million. And I think that pretty much concludes the numbers part of the discussion. With that I'll turn it back over to Al.
Al Neupaver: Thanks Alvaro. Once again we had a good performance in the second quarter and for the first half of the year and we are cautiously optimistic about the rest of 2010. Longer term we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities we see. We are really excited about our future growth opportunities. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and Wabtec performance system which gives us the tools we need to generate the cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced dedicated management team that is managed aggressively through the tough times and continues to drive progress on our growth initiatives. With that we'd be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Trahan.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Hey morning guys its Scott Group, in for Ed.
Al Neupaver: Hey good morning.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: First, why don't you talk a little bit about positive train control? Is there anything for PTC currently in the backlog? And if not when do you think it does show up in the backlog?
Al Neupaver: Let's talk in generality and then I'll answer your backlog question. I'll answer that first. There is very little PTC in the backlog. We do have some contract with Xorail from the signaling design and engineering standpoint. But actual hardware orders are not in the backlog. We do have development programs going on with each of the railroad. We're making great progress on the development of the PTC systems right now. That development would probably continue to probably later this year well into the third quarter at which we will go into the testing phase. At the completion of that testing phase then it will move into a product safety plan approval from FRA, the Federal Railroad Association. Some other things that are being worked out with the class one railroads or inner operate-ability, that is their ability to drive their trains on other peoples railroads and be able to communicate. And that work is also going on right now. So there is progress being made. However as far as our backlog is concerned there's not much backlog in there for that particular technology at this point.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. That's helpful. And when -- I think I heard you Al talk about the 250 million to 500 million in revenue that you think from PTC and that's in line with what you've said in the past. Does -- can you just refresh me, does that include opportunities with Xorail or do you think brings you above that 250 to 500 range?
Al Neupaver: The 250 to 500 does include Xorail. We figured that Xorail added about 50 million to 100 million to our faded opportunity in the past for the on-board computer. And that's always been in $200 million to $400 million range. I want to make sure you understand there's a lot of other expenditure that are going to be associated with positive train control some of which we have product and interest in trains to develop that is not included in those numbers. And if that program rolls out as the development of those product like on the dispatch system or trying to tie these systems together between the on-board computer and our capability in engineering design for the signaling side with Xorail that creates other opportunities for us.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay, that's helpful. Next can you give us the breakout of a transit for freight operating margins the quarter?
Al Neupaver: We typically don't give those out, they will be in K which will -- the Q I'm sorry. And that should be out in early, August okay?
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. So actually though can you talk about was there some pressure on transit margins now that's a big subway car contract with New York has finished? And then with respect to that contract can you talk about the time for new bid with the MTA for subway cars in New York?
Al Neupaver: Okay. I really can't comment on the trends of those margins, you can look at past performance and I could tell you that we're a -- the company was is very focused continues improvement and there's a lot of things that impact the margins quarter-to-quarter. But over the long run our goal is to continually improve and grow our margins which we've been successful in the past in doing. As far as new orders from the New York City systems, there is two contracts. One is already been granted to the car builder and that is smaller car number, I think its only like 26 or 28 cars with some options and that's called R 188, A larger car order, we're working on the design and that is called R179 that should follow shortly they are doing a lot of work right now on the specification. That would be a larger car order probably in the range of 100's of cars versus smaller R188.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: And what's the timing for that going out to bid?
Al Neupaver: We're not a 100% sure, but it defiantly is probably at least 12 months, if not a little bit longer all.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. And then last two quick ones. First on the acquisition side, it's been three acquisitions over the past two quarters. So want to get your sense, is the focus now on integrating those deals? Or you still out there looking for additional acquisitions?
Al Neupaver: We continue to have a very active pipeline and continue to look for acquisitions. It's an important part of our growth strategy. Typically we have a corporate development team that -- what we try to do is have a seamless hand off from the execution of a contract and the acquisition. We hand it out to the integration team that has been part of diligent team. And that's usually our operating folks that take control as such. They are the once that are actually doing the integration and we got the corporate development team out there digging up more opportunities.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. And then, the tax rate of 33% was a little lower than we thought. Can you give some guidance going forward? And thanks for the time guys.
Al Neupaver: Okay.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah. I think going forward we'll probably be somewhere around the 35 to 36 range probably somewhere in the middle phase. But somewhere around 35.5.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. Thanks guys.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Jim Lucas of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks, good morning guys.
Al Neupaver: Good morning Jim.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Good morning Jim.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: First question, Alvaro could we go back and talk a moment about SG&A. You talked about a few things in the pocket there. But that was a bigger jump than we've seen on the SG&A line in a while. And I was hoping you might be able to bridge a little bit more further what exactly that year-over-year jump came from.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Year-over-year well that -- well might be more relevant, I don't know you tell me, Jim is actually run-rate from last quarter to this quarter.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Yeah, that's --
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And I can tell that either. But I thought basically you guys probably needed -- excuse me, for modeling purposes. And I'd be happy to do it from either quarter. But from last quarter we were about 44.5, 44.6 in SG&A. Acquisitions added about 4 million to the SG&A line. 1 million of that was some expenses that one of our acquisitions used to re-class in cost of sales and actually under our account we put those under SG&A. But about 4 million of the increase is do to the acquisition on Gorail and Unifin. Incentive comp is up about 1.2 million we've been kind of under approving incentive comp a little bit, just pending results but now results you saw what the increased guidance look pretty solid and we increased the incentive comp like I said by about 1.2 million. And then we had a settlement of a law suit it was a product liability in one of our units that we thought was just more prudent settle. This was more of a one time item. But again there always -- that's why I always caution you with SG&A. There is always something in SG&A either a good guy or a bad guy and this quarter turned out to be a bad guy. And that was for about 1.5 million. It was law suit in Texas which is a plain of friendly state which we thought it was prudent to go ahead and settle. And I think if you add all that up you can see about 51 million that we had this quarter.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. That's very helpful, thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Absolutely.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: And then switching gears you gave a little bit actually you gave a lot of color what is going on the transit side and freight the mix issue after market doing a lot better here. Could you talk a little about what you're seeing and the pricing environment both freight and transit right now? And any update of how you're thinking about potential inflation impact in the second half of the year?
Al Neupaver: I think any time that volumes are down especially in the freight market there is some aggressiveness on everyone's part to try to get some volume back into their shops. So there is that pressure. However we have been very disciplined and we will continue to be disciplined. In the transit area you always have specially on contracts where close bid there is always been a pressure there try to obtain the order. So I don't think any things really changed in that arena at all. When you look at inflation and how we're handling what we are try to do is again have discipline with in the cooperation where we have agreements where there is a surcharge where there isn't a surcharge then we have to have the supply that needs to be guaranteed at a certain price. So we have always even while all the prices have been down on the raw material side we tried to continue to make sure our contracts were favorable from a standpoint of inflation and handling surcharges related to them.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. But nothing out of the ordinary that you're seeing out there?
Al Neupaver: Not at this point. I think the one commodity that probably is risen more than the others has been rubber. And I think that that's maybe driven by the automotive business. But that's kind of leveled off as of late.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And then in your prepared remarks you referred to a couple times about the progress you're making on getting your -- getting qualified on European systems. And was just wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on exactly what kind of progress you made there? And what's still to come there?
Al Neupaver: Yeah. We continue to sale our components and we've actually had some small systems orders, a few systems in Europe. They give you some idea about the opportunity. Over the last 12 months we have bid on in excess of $300 million worth of business. And we didn't win any of the contracts, but not all of them has been let. There's still good portion of that where we're still competing that try to win some systems business. As I stated before and I state it again today, it's just going to take time. We'll break through that door.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And finally, with your third JV in China, can you talk a little bit more about what you're opportunities are currently and longer term for the market in China?
Al Neupaver: Yeah. We've grown that business nicely over the last two years to where our sales in China are between $60 million and $70 million. And we expect that to grow with a great pace over the next couple of years. And we would anticipate we have more than a $100 million work of sales in only a few years. We think that there is a nice window of opportunities that we need to take advantage of. So we've been pushing hard, getting a place and the position we're in right now. We have a few more JVs that we're working on that would really broaden the product offering that we could make and position us better. It is a great market, it is growing rapidly. I think the time to really be in there is now because it is only a window of opportunities as far as we view it.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Great, thank you very much.
Al Neupaver: Thank you, Jim.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kristine Kubacki of Avondale Partners.
Al Neupaver: Kristine are you there?
Kristine Kubacki -Avondale Partners:  Good morning.
Al Neupaver: Good morning.
Kristine Kubacki -Avondale Partners:  Okay. I took a minute there. I'm still here. A few questions, you talked about the transit after market softness in North America as short term in nature. I was wondering if you can give us some insight or what kind of insight do you have into kind of the inventories or a slowdown in maintenance. I mean I guess I'm trying to figure out is it a two quarter kind of phenomena, that is a four quarter phenomena, do we need to get pass the highway there? Or what kind of -- what does short term mean?
Al Neupaver: What is happening at the authorities obviously is, their budgets have been cut, they're cutting service and they're cutting ridership. As you cut ridership and service out there, it has an impact on the ware and tare of their systems. And there is a decline that's proportional to that. We also feel that because they are so tight on cash, they're being very careful with their inventories. So they run that down. Those are two things we'd have to see. We do not know, we had a good feeling for where their inventories are at, although we're seeing some -- a little bit of life there on the after market side from replenishing some inventory. But I can't say that's a trend right now. The ridership stabilizing and actually showing improvement is a positive thing for the after market in the transit area. So if -- however I have to caution you this doesn't solve big problem. The big problem is that government needs you to come up with a way of funding the transit system in this country. And -- but that needs to happen. And I think that a long term in with -- the transit people want to see is a long term build. It supports the transit funding with increased spending over that period. And I think once that's in place that would go a long way in getting transit to where it needs to be. As everyone knows, a transit is it's a politically correct market. It really solves a lot of the countries problem. If they can pull an industry that we are really feel good about it's long term potential. Not only in North America but around the world.
Kristine Kubacki -Avondale Partners:  Do you have any guess if to say if the Federal -- there has been some Federal push to kind of take over the safety over site. Do you have -- are you following that closely? And do you think that that would be an increase to the amount of maintenance? You're getting it into a state of good repair. I guess its a question where the funding will come from 
Al Neupaver: Yeah. I have to tell you Kristine, I have not followed that closely. So I really dont know much about the impact.
Kristine Kubacki -Avondale Partners: Okay. Fair enough. Moving on to Europe I know you mentioned it about some of the trying to grow your market share there. But just looking at the market kind of come up in macro perspective, now we see there has been a lot going on economically over there. Have you seen anything related to the transit systems over there about them pulling back and spending there as the result of their economic world so to speak?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: No. We've seen no reduced spending or activity in the transit area from the economic problems in few of the countries there.
Kristine Kubacki -Avondale Partners: Okay.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Their business really held up during the recession.
Kristine Kubacki -Avondale Partners: Okay. Anything that will suggest that would have continued to be the case?
Al Neupaver: None that we have, no.
Kristine Kubacki -Avondale Partners: Okay. And then my last question is we have been hearing some of the rail roads have been making some pretty bullish commentary and even talking about adding locomotives next year which is a bit over than what I have anticipated. What is your sense from talking to the railroads that are here in North America kind of what their direction is locomotives purchase are for next year versus this year in kind of railcar additions for next year replacement?
Al Neupaver: Yeah it's hard to predict. I think the railroad like us want to be cautiously optimistic about the future and if they can continue to grow that volume and ton miles I think they will continue to take what they have parked back into use and would lead to OEM orders into the future. And I have heard the same discussions what you heard there are some talk about that. But I think they are going to very cautious I think they have done a great job improving the velocity and efficiency and they want to continue to do that.
Kristine Kubacki -Avondale Partners: Okay. Thank you 
Al Neupaver: Thank you
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Market. 
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Market: Hi, good morning guys.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Steve.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Good morning.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Market: I think overall you sound pretty confident about conditions and how your performance is shaken out you have done a couple of acquisitions which should be agreed cost margin has been great in the first half if you look at the mid point of your guidance it suggest lower EPS in the back after what you put up in the front half so my question is are there any specific factors you see coming up that make you think earnings might fall below about 28 in the second half or you just being conservative 
Al Neupaver: I am going to give you the quick as these answers. We are being prudent and conservative because I dont think any one feels that this economy is road buff and in order to freight market to continue the economy has to continue to reboundAnd in the transit side, as I said spoke to it, this whole funding issue needs to be resolved I think to lift the cloud from especially North America.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Market: As you've gone through July so far as it relates to the freight side of your business, have you seen any moderation? Or are things continuing to get better? Right now are you generally -- you said cautiously optimistic. But do you see anything that makes you overly concerned right now?
Al Neupaver: Nothing's overly concerned, although a ton mile being the plateau a little bit into the second quarter.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay.
Al Neupaver: On a week-to-week basis if you look at it.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Market: Right, got it. Okay. And moving on to some of your commentary earlier on the PTC side. I know it's hard to frame up, but given some of your new acquisitions what's the market size of some of the other opportunities that you might have with your engineering towards right now? Any color there?
Al Neupaver: Well, again the railroads talk about spending between 5 billion and 10 billion on PTC. And if you look at that and you know what has been spend already, what you're going to see is that opportunity -- I think this year what CFS had close to 200 million budged, another railroad had a 170 million. Depending on the size of various numbers, those numbers add up to maybe $600 million to $800 million a year, $1 billion a year for the next four years. So their numbers have gone too far up. You're look at $3 billion to $5 billion maybe more. We can not -- we do not participate in that entire market and there is a lot of competitors out there in the various marketplace. We have not fully quantified that other opportunity. So there is opportunity, we'll get some share of it. But we have not quantified it at this point.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Market: Just to kind of help us frame up the potential opportunity. Is it -- could it potentially double the 250 to 500 you're talking about? Is it a function of that size? Any broad commentary on what is potentially available?
Al Neupaver: I can tell you that doubling it would be -- that would far fetch. But getting percentage of that in other areas is possibility. So I'm being very wage only because we haven't developed the product and those orders are not out there right now. And I dont want to lead people on that it's going to be a major doubling of the 500 million type of thing until we have better visibility of those opportunities.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Market: It's understandable. So, just my last question then, as you think about those opportunities in the context of the acquisitions you've done, is it reasonable to think that the margin profile would be at corporate average? Or maybe where you're freight margins are or just what's the potential?
Al Neupaver: I think that depending on the product I think that would be allover the place. So in general we feel that we could at least be as good we're doing. And hopefully do a little better because we have sunk a lot of cost into this technology. And hopefully the future margins would be better so that we get the return on our investment.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Market: Sure. Alright, thanks. I'll get back in line.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Paul Bodnar of Longbow Research.
Alison Wolf - Longbow Research: Hi this is Alison Wolf calling in for Paul Bodnar.
Al Neupaver: Hi Alison.
Alison Wolf - Longbow Research: Hi, how are you?
Al Neupaver: Good.
Alison Wolf - Longbow Research: Good. Most of my questions have already been asked. But I do have question about what you were commenting on the European save the environment. And you said over the last 12 months that with over 300 million in bids--
Al Neupaver: Right.
Alison Wolf - Longbow Research: And you're not won any. First of all, how many have not been awarded out of that 300 million?
Al Neupaver: Probably about 30% to 40% have not been awarded yet.
Alison Wolf - Longbow Research: Okay. And would you consider sort of 300 million in bid sort of a typical annual rate of it for that market? Or do you think it's a little late?
Al Neupaver: Yeah. We haven't been playing in that market that long. But the study suggest that that's a pretty good profit it's running at.
Alison Wolf - Longbow Research: Okay, alright. And then in terms of the impact of the --
Al Neupaver: And keep in mind we didn't bid on all the opportunity. Those were the once we bid on.
Alison Wolf - Longbow Research: Okay, right. So this 300 million you see a sort of a good kind of run-rate fore the foreseeable future, for next year, for year after?
Al Neupaver: Right.
Alison Wolf - Longbow Research: Okay. And then in terms of the impact of the decline of the euro, how do you see that impacting your penetration into this market?
Al Neupaver: We have -- we acquired a company by a name of Polly few years ago and that is out European platform, our cost is in euros. So we really dont feel that there is a major issue there. Some of the technology in some of our products may come for the U.S. But a majority of the product would be laid at our European site.
Alison Wolf - Longbow Research: Okay.
Al Neupaver: And we also have a low cost platform in Macedonia.
Alison Wolf - Longbow Research: Okay. Alright, thank you very much.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Tom Albert of BBT.
Tom Albert - BBT: Hey, Al, Tim and everyone else. Couple of questions here, you had this really strong revenue growth in the freight segment 40%. If I just plug in just a 40% growth rate for the third quarter you went up about a 174 million revenues which would be below the 190 historically the third quarter was a little softer than the Q2. But its been so long since we have had kind of normal period can you just talk about what the revenue potential might be for the freight division here as we move back towards normal times?
Al Neupaver: I think you got to keep in mind that what the numbers that we're being able to deliver. The railcar build is still at the deliveries was 2900 back to the 12,000 car build rate for the year. I dont know if we were over that low maybe back in the early 80's but I know when the kind trade I have been involved looked at 17,000 was low. I mean we're still at an awful low railcar build. And if you look at the locomotive build we talked about in the 400s I mean just last year we were looking at 8 9 almost a thousand 700 last year so still have a very low basis the market place and there is a tremendous amount of expansion going to be available if this economy continues to rebound and the question. Thats what $60million question is will it continue to rebound.
Tom Albert - BBT: So Al, you are saying that I mean I get the big picture comments. But are you saying that its not clear whether we should be thinking about a similar or even a greater revenue growth rate at least for the next one to two quarter?
Al Neupaver: I think the builds the next one or two quarter you have guessed railcar builds and locomotives builds is probably as good as anyone. And I mean we could really openly discuss what things consultants are saying and in next few quarter they do not see a major rebound.
Tom Albert - BBT: Right. And with in the transit space what percentage of the backlog I guess relative to the next 12 months is with in North America versus elsewhere?
Al Neupaver: Oh boy now you are getting.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I would say a large chunk of that is with in north America as long you include NAFTA a large chunk of that is within in NAFTA.
Al Neupaver: I'll calculate in a few minutes.
Tom Albert - BBT: Okay. And then I wanted to clarify one thing on, as you went through the SG&A which was very helpful, you mentioned a $1 million was re-classed from cost of goods, was that a $1 million on top of the 4 million?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: No. No, no.
Al Neupaver: Within the four.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm sorry. Actually I could have made that clearer, I'm sorry. No, the 4 million includes the re-class.
Tom Albert - BBT: Okay. And I guess last question Al, back to you. Maybe Kristine's question just asked a little bit differently. We know about the softness in the after market some near term weakness with OEM projects. But you did describe a robustness for packages longer term. Why do you think that dichotomy exists between weakness and you had a robustness for packages over the longer term?
Al Neupaver: I think the real change has been one from just a political standpoint, the correctness of transit. And I just heard here in Pennsylvania, Governor Rendell asked promoting, we need to find ways to fund our transit. We got to use more money in that mode of transportation. I think that we've really, we've got a major change in attitude toward transit and the project. And also the projects that are out there or the programs that are out there are old and they need upgraded and they need placed. So I think that it's a compelling story going forward. And I think that's what we're seeing. You have got all these rules related the funding and their budgets. Yet we are all planning for the future and trying to get high speed rail. Trying to upgrade the quality and safety of our transit systems we have. And I think that's what everyone wants to see in this country right now.
Tom Albert - BBT: Okay. That's helpful. And if you end up calculating that other thing, the transit feel to share, that's all my questions.
Al Neupaver: Thanks a lot.
Tom Albert - BBT: Thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Okay, Tom.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Scott Blumenthal with Emerald Advisors.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Good morning gentlemen.
Al Neupaver: Hi Scott.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Hi.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Al you talked about the numbers of cars that are still parked in, I think that they are over 25,000 more than last call and were down from about a 0.5 million. When we look at the gross margins which were really terrific for the -- so that suggests some pretty higher margin sales coming through in the current quarter. Could you talk about the opportunity as we see the parked cars, the number of parked cars dropping and the backlog in new rail cars kind of building a little lit the opportunity with Wabtec with regard to would we prefer to have some of those parked cars and rehabilitated or just send new car bill ramped and I guess have to visibility that we would get seeing all those new cars ordered in front of us.
Al Neupaver: Right. Generally even when they scrap a route car its my understanding that they disassemble it and utilize as many of the good parts if they can now there is obviously parts that get thrown away and provide a -- opportunity to it that we also see the benefit of any part taken off that might need repaired or upgrade so there is a benefit for us when they do scrap a car it creative from both angles one it creates the opportunities that a new car could be built but two we probably get some of the work on the after mark on those products I think we will see is combination of both I mean you going to continue to see the part cars come down which your going to see is surely just cars specialize specific application cars maybe there wont be enough in a modal cars at a specific sight may not be enough covered hoppers may not be enough aluminum coal cars I think it is going to be they are going to come out of unique order for specified particular car. So we will see that during the OEM and non car parts go away what we get backlog the normal run rate which is probably 40,000 to 50,000. Now keep in mind I dont think anyone knows what a normal number of parked cars is at least no one has able to answer that question to me and I think its all over to place I heard the lowest 15 Ive heard highest is 250 I have no idea and I am not sure any one does because they never kept records before few years so its all good for us because the economy will recover will come back and as it comes back our after market is going to be good as long as the traffic in is upwards track today or higher.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Now prior to the recession when we look at the fleet we discussed on these on these calls that the tendency obviously the fleet is always aging but the fleet at the time was getting toward the older -- I guess kind of towards the end of its useful life. And I would imagine of the 365 that's currently parked, you obviously have the dregs of the dregs. And much of that will not come back. So do you see or would it be your belief that we are probably closer to an increase in new rail car orders than the 365, would lead us to believe?
Al Neupaver: I wish I knew the answer to that question. I've been trying to get it and it's really been something that's no one has really been able to get their hands around that. Maybe there is someone that understand that. But I'm not sure what that bottom number is and I'm not sure how many of these cars are cars that are never going to back. And so --
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Well if anybody would understand it wouldn't Alvaro understand?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm already to give out the first shot. I would say we're certainly in a better position to see what you're saying right now than we were a year ago. And I think the numbers are going to improve. The question is when rather than if, I think.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay. And I guess one last --
Al Neupaver: I can tell you Scott that there was a railcar panel was put together by an analyst and we had all the experts together. They couldn't answer that question.
Tim Wesley: Was Alvaro one of the experts?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: No. No. we were in the audience.
Al Neupaver: Again guys see you there.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay. And if I may one last one about PTC, there was a nice article in the economist this week, that is a female's attempt, talking about the possibility of tax incentives needed and the rail, the railroad company is not being terribly excited about making those large investments believing that it only covers a small portion of the human error that occurs over the course of time, which would require I guess the use of PTC. Do you see tax incentives maybe needed in order to get that, I guess, is that up a little bit?
Al Neupaver: I think that the class one railroads, first of all in a situation where they spend what 15% to 20% of their revenues in capital each year. And I feel that this technology like other investments that they are asked to make should, they should be helped with the funding. And I -- we think it would help commercialize technology and would help the class ones be a lot more healthy than they actually are, which they are healthy companies today. But when you have mandated technology that you have to implement I sympathize very much.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Al Neupaver: Okay.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks Scott.
Operator: I think we have a follow-up question from Tom Alert of BBT.
Tom Albert - BBT: Yes hey guys.
Al Neupaver: Tom, you're only allowed one time. You can't have a follow-up.
Tom Albert - BBT: Oh!
Al Neupaver: But for you we'll make an exception.
Tom Albert - BBT: Well there you go. That's always hearty to hear. You might have commented on this, in the beginning I was sort of looking at things and listening. But in the gross margin, would you say that the biggest influence and a favorable gross margin year-over-year was the performance sort of late stage transit project where you've talked about how very late those margins can be favorable? Or was it due really to the strong recovery in the freight side?
Al Neupaver: I think it's really the mix and I think the favorable performance in the freight side had a bigger impact.
Tom Albert - BBT: Okay. Thank you.
Al Neupaver: Okay.
Tom Albert - BBT: Thanks.
Al Neupaver: Alright.
Operator: And last question comes from Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Hey good morning everybody.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Art.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Just a couple of things. I'm unfortunately been in and out of the calls, so you may have covered this. But the other income line of about $1 million positive in the quarter. What was that due to this quarter?
Al Neupaver: We always have a mix of things in that line, Art as you can imagine. The predominant portion, that deadline can be negative, it can be positive. Obviously this quarter was positive. And most of that is due to paper FX, you have to recognize FX gains and losses based on inter-company accounts on other asset liability and P7L balances. And that was it was due. I think about 500 or 600 was due to the effects of large majority of that.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Okay. That's helpful. And then you spoke a lot about freight car -- new freight car demand and I dont want to go into all that again. But just one quick question I didn't hear you address this. Are you seeing from any of the builders them kind of poking around of you with regards to some potentially large orders that they maybe getting and seeing about your abilities to supply those orders?
Al Neupaver: We'd love to that to happen. And we'd be happy to supply them. But I am not aware of anything.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Okay. And then finally, on the high speed rail, and I know that we're in a countries in the very early stages of discussion on this and kind of the direction going. But in the past I think there are also, the economist was referenced earlier, I hate to reference it again. But in spite of first time in history --
Al Neupaver: We're impressed that you read it.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Well, I dont. But somebody else does for me.
Al Neupaver: That would be more impressive what they have.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Yeah. Well whatever. I'll take the compliment. Thank you. Talking about high speed rail, one of the difficult things that did occur in other countries is the sharing of passenger are freight on the same line. And here we have a unique circumstance relative to some other countries where the infrastructure is owned by the government, here it's owned by private companies. Have you heard or seen anything early stage discussions? Or about how that will occur? Or are you looking into the developing any products that could help make that kind of pass inconvenience a little bit more tolerable than the freight railroads?
Al Neupaver: Yeah. Well first of all if you look at the programs that were approved, there is only a few of them that are actually going to go on dedicated lines. And yeah you're right, in Europe you have dedicated high speed line, it's electrified. And they are able to create that system. And that's exactly what they're going in China. But China is spending about $300 billion to do that. We've got about 8 billion has been funded for high speed rail. The two programs that are going to be dedicated as you talk is the one in Florida between Tampa and Orlando, and that's only about, I think it's an 84 mile track. And they're going to need quite a bit of money just to get that completed. The rest of the projects really are going to be shared between the freight and the transit programs. There is some expansion in the northeast, that's the only other exception. So -- and to answer your question, are we working on anything that would help those two work together. And that's truly what PTC is about. And if you remember the Genesis of the mandate was that a transit line that can use the railroad was running on a freight line and ran into a freight locomotive. So yeah, we're working hard on that. And what you're going to see is an upgrade of some of the freight lines. So they could take faster trains. But you're not talking about the 300 mile and a 200 mile track. You're talking about lines on 80 mile an hour to maybe 95 or a 110. And that will allow the freight lines which almost upgrade those and we hope to participate in some of that development.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: That's very helpful. Thanks Al.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Anything else Art?
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: No that's it. I am good. Thank you.
Al Neupaver: Hey, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Okay. There is nothing more to present Tom. I'd like to turn it over to Mr. Neupaver for any closing remarks.
Al Neupaver: No. Thanks a lot and we'll talk to you at the end of the next quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks everybody.
Al Neupaver: Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your phone lines.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Wesley - VP, IR and Corporate Communications Al Neupaver - President and CEO Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - SVP, CFO and Secretary
Analysts: Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation's first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley. Please go ahead sir.
Tim Wesley: Thanks (inaudible) good morning everybody. Welcome to our first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Let me introduce you to the rest of our team members who are here Al Neupaver, our President and CEO; Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; and Pat Dugan our Cooperate Controller. We'll make our prepared remarks as usual and then be happy to take your questions. And I do want to refer you to today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers on our forward-looking statements. With that, I'll turn it over to Al.
Al Neupaver : Thanks, Tim. Good morning. We are off to a good start this year; our sales were at $364 million the highest level since the first quarter of 2009. Earnings per share came in at $0.63. Our operating margin was strong at 14.1% of sales and our backlog held steady at about $940 million. This performance shows the strength of our diversified business model and that our strategic initiatives are paying off. We continue to benefit from the Wabtec performance system as you could see with those impressive margins. Today we also updated our 2010 guidance for EPS based on our performance in the first quarter and in our outlook for the rest of the year. Our guidance is now $2.40 to $2.50 compared to $2.35 to $2.50. Sales now are expected to be up slightly for the year. Clearly the overall economy has rebounded off the bottom. It's having a positive effect on the rail industry and on some of the segments of our business. So overall we are consciously optimistic about the economy and our markets while recognizing that it's still early in the year and there is still a lot of locomotive and rail cars parked. I want to emphasize that even as the economy continues to improve, we will maintain our cost discipline and focus on generating cash to invest in our growth opportunities. Let's take a look at our markets. First the transit market. We still continue to see a stable transit market in North America which is driven by federal funding and passenger ridership. The current federal spending bill has been extended through year-end. Transit could also be part of the jobs bill or second stimulus bill which is being discussed. Over the next several years we expect the new sub-way car orders from a number of agencies including Metra, WMATA, Miami, New York City transit BART, and Amtrak; as well, we expect new commuter locomotive orders from MBTA, Metra, and Amtrak. We should win a good share of those orders. Ridership is still good but was affected by the economy. About two-thirds of the trips are work related. Nationwide ridership was down about 3% last year but still exceeded 10 billion trips for the fourth straight year. Overall ridership is up more than 30% in the last 15 years more than double the rate of population growth. So far this year it's a mix bag with some agencies seeing increases and others off slightly. The positive long-term trends in transit should continue to drive investment. Those are population growth and urbanization, long-term concerns about fuel prices, reduced dependence on foreign oil and the fact that mass transit is environmentally friendly. In the short-term we are paying close attention to the budget issues at many of the transit agencies. No major impact on our business so far, but we could see some pressure on the aftermarket as these agencies look for ways to cut cost. We also continue to make good progress with qualifying our components and breaking systems in the European market. As we discussed before this is a large market, where we only have a small share at this point. So overall for the transit market Wabtec is in a good position to take advantage of the long-term strong commitment in the US and abroad to expand mass transfer. Switching now to the freight rail market. Rail traffic is rebounding solidly this year after a 15% drop in volume during 2009. Through mid-April, 10 miles were up 4% and intermodal traffic was up 9%. Volume bottomed out in the second quarter of 2009 with average weekly 10 miles of about $26.8 billion compared to about $31 billion in the first quarter of 2010. This increase in traffic has lead to a similar rebound for our North American asset market business. After market was about 60% of our total freight sales in quarter one. The traffic increase is also causing the rail roads to pull more parked cars and locomotives out of storage which will eventually help those OEM markets. About 390,000 cars or about 25% of the fleet remain parked down from a peak of more than 0.5 million cars in the middle of last year. Good news but still a lot of cars parked. As expected new rail car outlook remains weak. But there is some signs of life. In the first quarter, deliveries were about 2,500 lowest since the mid 80's and about one third of a year ago quarter. Orders were about 5,000; this is the highest since the mid 2008 timeframe so the backlog rose slightly to almost 13,000. First time the backlog had increased in three years. We are still expecting about 10,000 cars to be delivered this year which is less than half of that in 2009. And we'd be pleased if it turns out to be a conservative estimate but its too early in the year to make that call. We have not changed our expectations in the locomotive OEM market this year. About 400 is planned to build this year down from 700 last year. On a positive note, our international freight markets have almost fully recovered to pre-recession volumes. Our focus for 2010 will continue to be on growth in cash generation. Cash remains a priority; it provides the opportunity for us to invest in organic growth as well as acquisitions. We will stay focused on increasing free cash flow by managing our cost, driving down working capital and controlling CapEx spending. We will continue to invest in strategic growth opportunities; global and market expansion, after market expansion in products and technologies and acquisitions. I'd like to spend a minute on our most recent acquisition which also happens to help us with our new product and technology strategy. As you know, positive train control continues to be a major growth opportunity for Wabtec. We are working with railroads and transit agencies that develop and implement systems for the on-board locomotive solution which is really the brains of the system. Our current product and market position could result in incremental sales growth of $200 million to $400 million over the next four years with the ramp-up expected in some point next year. Late in the first quarter we acquired a company by the name of Xorail the largest independent signal engineering company in the US. This was done in part to expand our PTC capabilities, their main business is signal engineering and design with focus on the way side in grade crossing. The business has no overlap with our existing business except for PTC. In addition to design Xorail also does construction and installation. That amounts to about 25% of their revenues. A majority of their sales are in the freight area about 85% and they have very little international presence. This will be an opportunity for us. In addition, Xorail expands our train control capabilities. Signal engineering work is likely to increase as PTC is deployed and rail roads upgrade existing equipment and systems to be compatible. We also see additional work needed to design and install PTC equipment and connect with existing systems. The FRA says Wayside PTC spend will be about $2.5 billion for design, engineering and installation over the next five years. We estimated that Xorail can compete for about 10% to 20% of that work. There are three or four other companies that will also compete for this business depending on the specifics of the project. Wabtec can now offer a comprehensive train control solution with an on board back-office and wayside solution. Xorail has solid financials double-digit growth prospects, margins similar to our freight group average and the acquisition met our financial criteria. With that I would like to turn it over to Alvaro for comments on the financials.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon : Thanks Al and good morning everyone, sales for the quarter were $364 million while this was 4% lower than last year, it was the highest level since then. A sign that we've hit bottom and are starting to bounce back. Going by segments, transit group sales were about the same as last year. Freight group sales were down about 8%; this was mainly due to lower OEM deliveries of locomotive and freight cars in North America. However, the benefits of our business models evidenced by the fact that rail car deliveries were off more than 65% which is obviously much greater than the 8% sales decrease in the freight segment. Moving down the income statement, we continue to be focused on improving margins with particular tension on the operating margin. Gross margin improved by 150 basis points showing the benefits of restructuring and the operating margin was still strong at 14.1% even though we had lower sales than last year when it was 14.7%. SG&A was higher than the year ago quarter but this was mainly due to acquisitions of units in Xorail and their related purchase price accounting. As we have discussed before when you make an acquisition it's typically in the first year you have to take certain charges for the value of the profits inherent their inventory and backlog and that can lead to some charges in the first year. Also when you compare it to the first quarter last year we had an asset sale in the first quarter which produced a gain of about $2 million and that reduced SG&A. The margin performance we believe reflects the good work of our operations to reduce cost as well as general cost reductions overall in the company. Interest expense was lower due to borrowing at lower interest rates in the first quarter last year. Borrowing amounts were relatively stable as we go forward. And the other expense was slightly higher due mainly to a paper foreign exchange loss due to the inter-company balances and the translation of those company balances. The effective tax rate was relatively stable and just under 35%. This is a little bit lower than the first quarter of '09 due to higher percentage of non-US sales and lower tax rates abroad. Just to run through a few numbers, we typically always announce for your benefit. In terms of working capital receivables were $248 million, inventories were $241 million, payables were 122 million. Obviously for us cash generation is a significant component of our overall strategy and we continue to work to drive working capital down. At the end of the quarter we had cash of $179 million. This was mostly in our foreign units. Cash from operations was about 12 million in the quarter. Debt at the end of quarter was $419 million; this was up a little bit from December 31 due to the acquisition of Xorail. The balance at the end of December 31 was $392 million. We do still have plenty of capacity for investing in growth opportunities. Our debt net of cash is about one times EBITDA and we have substantial flexibility in our balance sheet. So the picture looks good there. A few other miscellaneous items, depreciation for the quarter was $6.5 million versus $7 million last year. Amort was $1.9 million versus $2.3 million last year and CapEx very stable in spite of the increased size were about $3.6 million versus $3.4 million last year. In terms of backlog, as Al mentioned, the backlog is holding steady at about $940 million. The backlog that we expect to execute over the next 12 months in total is $543 million versus $552 million in the prior quarter. Freight constitutes a $149 million of that $543 million and transit constitutes $394 million of that $543 million. The multiyear backlog is the total backlog what we expect to execute over the next twelve months as well as after that is $938 million. Freight is $233 million of that total and transit is $705 million of that total. And with that I'll turn it over back to Al and his closing comments.
Al Neupaver : Thanks, Alvaro. Once again we had a good performance in the first quarter. Our transit business is holding at a high level, freight traffic is rebound to the point where its only off about 6% to 8% from the peak levels in 2008. This is driving the improvement in our freight after market businesses. Except for our locomotive and freight car OEM markets, other segments of our diverse business model are quite positive. I am very proud of our Wabtec team and how that team managed aggressively and proactively through the downturn; with the Wabtec performance system providing an established culture of remanufacturing and continuous improvement. We are well positioned to take advantage of the improving market conditions. With that, we'll be more than happy to answer your questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). We'll pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Our first question comes from (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Arthur Hatfield from Morgan Keegan. Please go ahead.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Hey Al, you had mentioned in your prepared remarks, comments about the possibility of seeing some pressure in the transit aftermarket as some of these transit agencies reevaluate their budgets. Did you see any of that in the first quarter? If not, can you talk about when you may start to see some of that?
Al Neupaver: I believe we've seen some of those already Art, we saw our after markets drop off in two of the business areas not significant but enough to be noticed. And what you find is that they are probably working off their inventory and I think that as these transit authorities get under further pressure, they may even defer some of the activities that can be deferred. But in total you are not going to see a major impact because when it comes to the after market you have to really take care of the equipment and they don't have a lot of choice. But working off the inventory obviously it's the first action that they take.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Next, still on the transit area, you had mentioned several potential longer-term opportunities for new vehicle orders in the transit market. Any thoughts on any of those that you mentioned kind of like what the timing is, where you may see the process for those different opportunities develop?
Al Neupaver: Yeah the opportunities that I mentioned are ones that have been quoted or are in the quoting or the bidding phase. And some of the deliveries on these projects would be late 2010 in to 2011. And they could run out to 2017.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: When do you expect to start hearing the awarding of those contracts?
Al Neupaver: I would think it's by mid-summer, early third quarter.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: And then finally, if you could just walk us through kind of your thoughts on PTC, what you think the market opportunity is now with your new acquisition, what you think you can do in that market, and over the kind of the timeframe that you should see that impact on the business.
Al Neupaver: Let's first talk about our existing market potential which we've talked about before but it's worth discussing again. We view that the potential for the on-board hardware and software system is between 200 and 400 over the next four to five years. And that is a conservative amount and only goes with the on-board computer. We also should have some opportunity related to the installation and the maintenance of that equipment. We have a existing product for the back-office and the dispatch as well and we should see incremental business flow out as well. Most of those expenditures will not start as I said until probably well into 2011, where most of the focus right now is on the wayside of the installation of PTC. And this is where Xorail is involved and the Xorail opportunity; let me go through with a little slower than the prepared remarks. Basically what the FRA has said is that the PTC spend for design, engineering and installation on the wayside is probably about $2.5 billion. Of that $2.5 billion we think that Xorail would be able to compete about 10% to 20% of that. So you could do the multiplication. Now for that amount of business we would be competing with either three or four different competitors, GE, Enventi (inaudible) possibly all of them. And the biggest competitor is the class one rail roads themselves. So traditionally or historically we have done a lot of this work inside and has really started forming this out of it for the last few years and that's really how the Xorail got its genesis. So you have say $250 million to $500 million divide it by the four or five years give you $50 million to $100 million per year over those number of years and we expect to get a representative share of that amount. Were you able to follow that?
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: No, I got that and so could you ballpark what you would hope that you could get at the $50 million to $100 million a year?
Al Neupaver: We'd like to see annually $10 million to $20 million of additional sales for that business unit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just to follow-up on your last comment there, if you were to see $10 million and $20 million per year in additional sales from Xorail on PTC, is that a typical freight margin or what margin profile would you expect for that?
Al Neupaver: We talked about a typical freight market margin.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, I want to take a stab at guidance. Looking at the recent trend in freight volumes, as you noted, we're seeing sequential improvements. It seems like that's hopefully going to continue. You noted that transit is stable at a high level. You have good backlog visibility. So given that backdrop, why won't you better than annualize the current result? If I just annualized this quarter you get $2.52 which is above the high end of the range. So where is the risk to the next three quarters in terms of coming in below the current result?
Al Neupaver: We are obviously excited about our opportunities and the improvement in the marketplace. If you look at our opportunities on a global basis we've had the global markets that rebounded nicely. We are small player or small share in large markets in both Asia as well as Europe. If we look at our new products and our technology, we are excited about those opportunities. We are actually starting to see improvement as we have stated in the after market. So we got all that great things to be optimistic about, but yet we think its prudent to be conservative at this point for a number of reasons: one, this is not a sustained recovery, we hope it is. And secondly, the number of parked cars whether it'd be locomotives or rail cars and we the expected deliveries of both of those are almost half of what they were the year before. So you've got some really great things ahead of you but we have not seen the rail car or the locomotive build show any signs of returning necessarily in the next 12 months.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right, but to be fair, you were already at kind of trough run rates, right, based on your expectations for production?
Al Neupaver: I would say that's a fair statement.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: So just recapping then, you prefer to take a conservative stance versus trying to make a forward-looking statement that some of those end markets might recover?
Al Neupaver: That's correct.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I wanted to also dig into the number of cars that are parked and how they are coming out. Are you getting a positive bump from having some of those idle cars get refurbished? And how much of an opportunity is that, just kind of dealing with what may have been scavenged relative to any benefit you're seeing from a normal increase in freight loadings?
Al Neupaver: Yeah we're seeing defiantly we have an opportunity as they bring the cars back out, especially the rail cars and we are seeing that but we really and I took a real good look at the ton miles which we like to compare to our aftermarket business and boy its tracking pretty close to ton miles right now and so I cant quantify that extra pop although we've really went out and we've closed our service centers and yeah that's some of the products that come in there, but we're tracking pretty close those ton miles and we've really bottomed out in the second quarter of '09, we saw the incremental improvements from [268] up to 31 and that's the kind of business improvement that we've seen that those businesses are directly related to that. So, I cant quantify that pop or whether its maybe coming but right now, is falling ton miles.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Can you remind us what your guidance suggests for ten mile increase year-over-year?
Al Neupaver: Our original guidance expected, it was 3% to 5% recovery if I remember correctly and I am getting some nodding heads that agree with me.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, so that's a reasonable thing for us to track, just to think about how your year is progressing on the freight side.
Al Neupaver: Right.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: All right, one last question and I'll get back in line. How should we think about the SG&A spend in the coming three quarters in terms of absolute dollars? Is that going to be in line generally with the $45 million or so in 1Q?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah I think in terms for modeling purposes you can use that number Steve. There's always a few moving parts in SG&A and as you well know by now, you know we don't like to report a lot of exceptions and a lot of exclusions, we just like to go with the GAAP numbers and they are what they are and there's always a few moving parts but I think in general for ongoing purposes you can use what we have in the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Blumenthal from Emerald Advisors. Please go ahead.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Would you be able to share with us the revenue contribution from Xorail in the first quarter?
Al Neupaver: Yeah we had about $13 million. We had an improvement of about $13 million from acquisitions and $11.5 of unit sales and only $2 million of revenues was from Xorail.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: And I guess following up on Steve's questions and your comments there, Al, I guess we saw the inflection or the percentage contribution from freight to transit. We saw that kind of flip at the end of Q3 '08 and historically we've been more freight-centric than transit-centric. How does that track with ton miles and can you give us an idea as to where we are in that, I guess in that continuum you made?
Al Neupaver: If you look at the balance between freight and transit what you have if you compare the first quarter of last year our range is actually down by about 8% from first quarter last year and we held steady in transit. Now what that was is this year we are 45% freight and 55% transit in last year first quarter was 47% freight, 52% transit. But if you look at the fourth quarter and that's probably a little more telling because what you had is transit was down about 6% fourth quarter to first quarter and freight was up 12%. And that split was 60-40 and right now we are 45-55. I would think if transit could hold steady at the high level and freight comes back I think traditionally we will probably get back to a ratio more like the 60-40 freights in transit. And then on our ability to grow transit on the international basis and that's what drove the lot, we had a 55% of our transit business, was international in the quarter.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe you can help us then with your expectation as to when we might cross over to being a more freight-centric.
Al Neupaver: Well I couldn't even take a stab at that because I would hope that they both grow but I think it really limits us is probably an inflection point as probably somewhere around the real car build when the locomotive build takes off.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: One more, if I may. Alvaro, you as always, did your usual terrific job giving us all of those facts and figures
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I can read numbers from the sheet as well as the next guy.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Better.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you (inaudible).
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Can you give us an idea as to the margin composition of the backlog currently? And after that maybe a comment or two about what you are seeing with regards to metal prices?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Okay I'll take the second one first. What we are seeing with regard to metal prices I think is very similar to what other people are experiencing which is that you are having increased demand by other countries primarily China, India and that's driving prices back up. The one thing we did learn and we left in affect is during the last metals increase is our surcharge mechanism and nobody likes the rising prices but we do think we do have a mechanism in place to minimize the damage. What you will always see from that is we don't mark up our surcharge so obviously what I have heard of the price increase is but we pass through so it has some slight effect on margin, you get an increased revenue and increased costs (inaudible) each other out. But we are seeing increasing metals prices but right now we think we are dealing with it okay. With respect to margins in the backlog that's kind of I would say in general they tend to be at company averages. A lot of the backlog is for OE rather than aftermarket work. So they would be may be on average slightly lower but in general if you try to model something out I would do it with respect to the averages for each business segment.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay and I guess a follow-up on the metals thing, one last one. You have a quarter or so delay in capturing those surcharges. Is that how we should kind of look at that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It depends, sometimes the industries are right on top of it and sometimes there can be a delay. Sometimes we are pretty effective at resisting the price increases on our end from our own suppliers so I would say in general there may be a little bit of a lag but not (inaudible).
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kristine Kubacki from Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners :
 :
Al Neupaver: Yeah it's pretty hard to estimate what it is but I'll tell you as you know we are situated here next to the rail track and we've seen some rail cars go by here. I don't even know if they are worthy to be put back in service. So I don't know if they are going for the scrap yard possibly but I think there's an opportunity there Kristine, its pretty hard to quantify and I really wouldn't expect 1.5 times of impact, I think it would possibly be less than that.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay and then in terms of switching gears a little bit, in terms of your workforce, what have you kind of brought back online in terms of employees and what's kind of your anticipation with a better freight market? Are you bringing back employees? Are you hiring yet? What are you planning to do in front of the PTC demand?
Al Neupaver: That's a great question Kristine because we've been very focused on only bringing back a variable direct employees that are necessary to meet the customer demand and we still have a pretty rigid request approval arrangements that we are adding what we would consider salaried individuals. We've selectively added a few plan but the only additional manning that we've really have had is through the acquisition arena. There has been no significant hiring and we will support the hiring as the businesses can support it.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. Then I was just wondering on the international front, can you talk a little bit about China and what's going on there and what the contribution you expect over the next few years and then how your recent start-up in Brazil is going?
Al Neupaver: Okay let's start with Brazil. The Brazil startup has gone extremely well. We are starting to actually offer more products. We have a plan that not only do the aftermarket business but also take some other of our products down there, manufacture and selling for that markets and its exceeded our expectations up to this point. Now China the market is very strong there, we have situated ourselves in I think in improving basis. We have two freight JVs that are in operation and we have one transit JV that's in operation. We expect to see this year $60 to $70 million of revenue and that has grown double digits for the last few years and we'll continue to grow double digit over the next couple of years without any problem at all and we are working on a few other JVs right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Lucas from Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: I was wondering if you could tell me a little bit more about PTC and specifically your relationship with the class ones I know that they had to file their plans with the FRA as of April 16, are you in direct communication with them to find out how those plans were laid out or any update there?
Al Neupaver: Yeah we were obviously involved in with the class one as they made the proposals as far as the review by the FRA, we are in no position to have any information and I am not sure that any feedback has been given up to this point but we don't anticipate that being an issue. I think that everyone is being aggressive and has laid out some good plans for the implementation of PTC.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: And is there any updates you can give on the product testing of the onboard system?
Al Neupaver: As you know we've been commercialized on the BNSF for almost three four years now and without any issues and we have pilots running without issues on the UP and our development program with all the other rail roads is moving along and no major issues that we are seeing at this point. A lot to be done though. There's a lot of work to be done but there's no issues that we are aware of at this point.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay and then aside from the Xorail acquisition, are there still other M&A opportunities that you are looking at to try to get a little bit more of the PTC business that's out there in the next five years.
Al Neupaver: Yeah we really don't comment about our strategy related to acquisitions although we do have an active pipeline of opportunities that will continue to determine if it's a good strategic fit and meets with our financial criteria.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: And can you say if you are planning to go after additional business, whether it's the internal or acquisitions aside from the Xorail like are you still planning to...
Al Neupaver: Again I don't think its appropriate to talk about our strategy related to acquisitions so any acquisition that makes strategic sense, as you know its our priority is related to you know we generated good cash a $150 million plus over the last three four years and our priorities really number 1 is to grow internally. Number 2 is acquisitions and so we have a keen eye for good acquisitions whatever they may be.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: And then lastly I was just wondering if you can give any update I may have missed it at the start of the call on (inaudible) any progress there as far as bidding or making some headway in to European?
Al Neupaver: Yeah we continue to make good progress on component sales and a few small system sales and qualification. So it's going to take time as we said it could be a few years before we really reap the benefits of our activity there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Bodnar from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: One is in the fourth quarter last year, what was the aftermarket percentage? I know you said it was 60% this quarter.
Al Neupaver: In the fourth quarter the aftermarket for freight was 65 and for transit it was 46.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Okay, so just trying to see if you had that kind of sequential improvement along with ton mileage. Is there any additional inventory restocking to be done too that we should be looking for on that side of the aftermarket freight?
Al Neupaver: We didn't hear the question, could you please repeat?
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Is there inventory restocking kind of still ahead on the aftermarket freight side? And do you think you have already kind of done that in 3Q and 4Q of last year?
Al Neupaver: I think that there could be some inventory restocking of business, it picks back up because obviously that amount that you have on the shelf is directly related to the 10 miles that you are using and there is a build I don't know whether or not they did do that build.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Okay, then this is just kind of a housekeeping question. What was the purchase accounting charges, I don't know if you said how much that was in the quarter in SG&A or for (inaudible).
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah the one for Xorail what we again call purchase price accounting which is not the continuing accounting charge from the step up in assets but the one we expect to amortize over the year. During the quarter it was about 300,000. After there was a meaningful
Al Neupaver : Keep in mind we only had that for two weeks.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Yes, (inaudible) so much for this year, what the ongoing expense you are going to have there kind of thinking like 2011 for this acquisition as well as anything else (inaudible).
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: See basically if you try to model what I would do is I would model Xorail and Unifin and basically the freight margins, you are going to get some step up on both, what happens is they have to go through an appraisal process. The appraisals have to be approved and right now it's just an estimate but if you try to model it I would just model the sales that we mentioned previously and take at it at those margins. Anything we say right now would just be a very preliminary estimate, it would be very rough.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research : Okay, and this kind of goes back to what I think was asked about before. But in terms of steel price and the impact on margins and just rising raw material costs, I am beginning to think I know you obviously '08 to '09 we had a big step down in the price of raw materials. And anything you can answer in terms of Transit margins, how much that gave you a benefit kind of going from I think it was 12.3% to 15.8% from '08 to '09? Was that a big piece of that increase?
Al Neupaver : I don't think there was much increase in the transit area. Where we did see some margin improvement was really in the freight.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And see what happens a while with these transit contracts Paul is we try and lock in our pricing ahead of time. In other words these transit contracts can take a number of years to execute and one of the things we try and do is protect ourselves against price increases and price decreases so we tend to lock it in. Lock in the prices from supplier so if raw material prices go down may be the supplier benefits, but if the price goes up its not to our detriment and we prefer that security rather than trying to estimate what prices may do. We don't do that much on transit contract. Hopefully our goal is that you don't see too much one way or the other.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Okay, just basically the past certainly. And then the last question, I guess you know I think this week or later this week, or last week I am sorry, some MTAs you are kind of revisiting their capital budget. They looked at making some cuts and adjustments to how they spend on new cars and refurbished cars. I mean any kind of further information you guys have on that that we don't that
Al Neupaver: Yeah I think it must have hit the press just yesterday and I did read it, it talked about the total budget was like $26 billion and they talked about cutting it by $2 billion and talked about various projects and that's part of the issue as you see these municipalities running into operating budget issues. The one thing they said that I like to see was the fact that they are going to focus on longer term how do they save money through their capital spend through efficiency safety and productivity and that's really what we are all about so I mean that's just positive although that's the kind of thing you are going to see at the states and local municipalities figure out how they are going to deal with running these transit authorities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Just quickly looks like everything else I had has been asked. But Alvaro, do you have a figure for your equity or approximation for the equity balance at the end of the quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah it was about, let me I want to say 700, it's about 799 to 800 and debt to cap is about 34. And that was very steady. We had the 34% was the same at the year end balance sheet as well.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We show no further questions at this time. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Wesley for any closing remarks.
Tim Wesley : Okay thanks for joining us this morning and we will talk to you again in three months.
Al Neupaver: Thank you again. Thanks everybody.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Wesley  VP, IR and Corporate Communications Al Neupaver  President and CEO Alvaro Garcia-Tunon  SVP, CFO and Secretary
Analysts: Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners John Mims  BB&T Capital Markets Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review Fred Speece  Speece Thorson Capital Group
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation's fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. (Operator instructions) After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Tim Wesley. Sir, please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thanks Vijay and good morning everybody. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings conference call today. Ill introduce the rest of our team. We have Al Neupaver, our President and CEO; Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, our CFO; and our Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. We'll have our prepared remarks and then answer your questions. I want to refer you to today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers on our forward-looking statements. And with that, Ill turn it over to Al.
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning everyone. What Ill be doing today is covering our fourth quarter and our full-year results. Ill talk about our market conditions. Well also talk a little bit about the progress that weve made on our strategic initiatives. Alvaro will cover the financials in more detail for you. In a very challenging year, we had a good performance in the fourth quarter and for the total year 2009. Our fourth quarter EPS was $0.56, excluding the previously-announced charge of $0.06 for an arbitration ruling. As Alvaro will discuss shortly, if you adjust our operating margins to exclude one-time items during the year, we actually improved margins compared to 2008. Even though sales declined by about 11% and our mix shifted more toward transit, which historically had been a lower margin business, our backlog held steady at just under $1 billion and we had a very strong cash flow from operations, $71 million for the quarter and a record $161 million for the year. This is the 12th straight year that our cash from operations exceeded net income and the fourth straight year of being more than $140 million. Keep in mind that this performance was achieved in a weak environment for the US freight rail industry. This performance shows the strength of our diversified business model and that our strategic initiatives are paying off and that we continue to benefit from the Wabtec Performance System. Lets talk a little bit about our markets. We continue to see a stable transit market in North America driven by federal funding and passenger ridership. We expect new car orders to be awarded from a number of transit authorities during 2010. Some of those include, Metra; WMATA, which is the DC transit system; Miami, New York City transit; and Amtrak. New projects are also being planned in other cities like LA, BART in San Francisco, MBTA in Boston, Denver and Honolulu. The current federal spending bill, which expired September 30, 2009 has been extended through February 28 and will most likely be extended through September. Transit could also be part of the new jobs bill or second stimulus bill thats being discussed right now. Ridership is good but it has been affected by the economy. About two-thirds of the trips made on transit throughout the nation are work related. Nation-wide, ridership is down about 4% through the third quarter, not bad considering the sluggish economy and the higher unemployment. Some cities are still seeing increases, especially where services were relatively new or upgraded and expanded. Positive long-term trends such as population growth and urbanization, long-term concerns about fuel prices, reduced dependence on foreign oil and a push for environmentally-friendly industries should continue to drive investment in mass transit. So in general Wabtec is in a good position to take advantage of what seems like a strong commitment in the US to expand the countrys mass transit capabilities, including high-speed rail, which I will talk about more in a minute. We also have ample growth opportunities in the international transit markets, which have remained strong even during this economic environment. As we have discussed previously, we have a very small share of a much larger global market. Id like to talk a little bit about the high-speed rail. There has been significant focus on the US high-speed rail market. The FRA received more than 200-plus projects with a price tag of $100 million to compete for the $8 billion that was allotted. The federal government allocated this $8 billion to various corridors around the country. Wabtec will benefit from this spending over the long term. Major grants went to California, Chicago, St. Louis, Tampa, Orlando, Miami, as well as smaller grants to Ohio, North Carolina, Wisconsin and Portland/Seattle. The projects include some focus on true high speed greater than a 150 miles per hour, but most of the funding is for higher speed, 110-mile per hour to 125-mile per hour, where Wabtec has a greater opportunity with regards to locomotives. With some modifications, our locomotives can be designed to operate up to 150 miles per hour. Many of the approved projects are related to upgrading existing systems. These will have short completion horizons. But a few are very long term; for example, the California project which received the highest amount of funding at $2.3 billion has a Phase 1 completion date of 2020. Let's shift gears for the freight rail market. Rail traffic was down about 15% in 2009 reflecting the severe recession. Traffic did pick up in the second half of the year with a 6% increase in ton-miles compared to the first half. This traffic actually bottomed out in the second quarter with an average weekly ton-mile of about 26.8 billion compared to 30 billion average in the fourth quarter. So far this year, traffic is flat, totally dependent on the economy which seems to be recovering slowly. With traffic down last year, the railroads parked perhaps one-third of their freight cars and locomotives, which has a negative impact on both OEM and aftermarket demand. They pulled some cars out of storage but it is still a very small percentage of whats parked. As expected, railcar outlook is weak; about 21,000 cars were delivered in 2009, the backlog is at about 10,000, and thats exactly what we are expecting for deliveries during 2010. Similar slowdown in the locomotive OEM market, which occurred later in the cycle due to longer-term contracts that were being fulfilled. About 400 is expected to be delivered this year, down from 700 in 2009. Some international freight markets such as Australia and South America are recovering, but overall conditions remain difficult. Today, we affirmed our 2010 guidance of EPS of $2.35 to $2.50. This is challenging in light of the market conditions and continued uncertainty, but we think its achievable. Id like to review a few of our major assumptions which are critical to our guidance. First assumption is the global economy continues to recover slowly; the transit market remains stable with deliveries of new transit cars and new buses about the same as last year; with no major impact from state and local budget issues; freight ton-miles continue to improve slightly with the economy; freight car build of about 10,000, locomotive build of 400; and no major changes in exchange rates. In this environment, we will continue to focus on controlling what we can control and on generating cash to invest in our growth opportunities. Cash remains a priority for us. It provides the opportunity to invest in organic growth and acquisitions. We will stay focused on increasing free cash flow by managing costs, driving down working capital and controlling CapEx. Thus we will be able to continue to invest in our strategic growth opportunities. We have made good progress in this area. The first strategic thrust is global market expansion. China continues to be a major growth opportunity as it plans to spend about $120 billion this year to expand its passenger and freight rail systems. We now have three operating JVs in China, with others planned for freight transit and power gen markets. In India, we have decided to expand our loco manufacturing capabilities there due to a demand for a number of our products, and we are making good progress in the European transit market with contract wins for components with Alstom and Siemens. Our strategic thrust of aftermarket expansion continues. We expanded our capabilities in South America by opening a service center in Brazil that will also be used as a manufacturing platform for Wabtec products. Our friction business, which is primarily aftermarket, continues to perform well expanding its share around the world. We also continued to broaden our product offerings in the freight and transit aftermarkets. New products; a number of new transit components and systems are on test in Europe and Asia. Some of these include, oil free compressors, couplers, braking equipments and doors. On the freight side, we recently won orders for electronic-controlled pneumatic braking equipment in Australia and Saudi Arabia. We still have a major focus on our positive train control system. It is a major opportunity and we are at the forefront of this technology. We have been working with railroads to develop and implement both overlay and vital systems for the onboard locomotive solution. Interoperability standards have been released by FRA with no surprises for us. Railroads are supposed to submit their implementation plan to the FRA by mid-April. We expect sales to be about $20 million this year, higher than last year with a larger ramp up expected at some point next year. The last strategic thrust is acquisitions; our pipeline is active with good opportunities. During the fourth quarter, we acquired Unifin International, a good strategic acquisition in an adjacent market where we know the products well. They make cooling systems and related equipments for power generation and transmission. Our Young Touchstone unit already serves a segment of that market with similar products. Wabtec is now about 15% non-rail plus power generation, friction and other industrial products. With that, Id like to turn it over to Alvaro for a more in-depth talk about our financials.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, Al. Good morning, everyone. Like Al said, to give you a more in-depth review of our financials; sales for the first quarter were $359 million, which was 11% lower than last year. But last year was a record sales quarter, so the drop wasnt I think as steep as it would ordinarily look like on a surface. The good news is that sales were 9% higher than the third quarter of 09, and our highest quarters since the first. So maybe thats a sign that we have hit bottom and we may be starting to bounce back a little bit. The Transit Group sales as opposed to the Freight Group sales actually were up 2% in the quarter and for the year due mainly to increased sales of transit car components in North America. Freight Group sales, however  they are the ones that caused the decrease, they were down about 25% in both periods mainly due lower OE deliveries of locomotives and freight cars in North America and due to the sharp decline in rail traffic, which caused a decline in aftermarket sales as well. But even though we had a 25% drop in sales, the decline in the OE market was actually 50%; so the lower sales drop was actually a reflection on the benefits of our business model. Margins; we continue to focus on margins and driving margins higher with particular attention on the operating margins; gross margin tends to fluctuate quarter to quarter with mix. We had a good performance this quarter and for the year. For example, for the quarter, if you add back the $3.9 million charge for the arbitrational ruling that we previously referred to, the operating margin was 12.7% for this year versus 12.4% last year on a lower sales. And the same story holds true for the year as a whole. Adjusted margin, again making the adjustment referred to earlier, was 13.7% compared to 13.5%, despite the sales decline of 11%. And in doing that, I am sorry, there were two charges I am adding back, one was the $3.9 million charge for the arbitration, the other one is $8 million of restructuring that we took in the second quarter and we disclosed in the second quarter. So, once you made an adjustment for those two charges, the adjusted margin was 13.7% compared to 13.5%. If you look at it in another way, our sales were down $173 million, but our operating income was down only $21 million after making those adjustments. So, the negative contribution margin of about 12%, we view as a relatively good performance in this market because we think on the upside it should be much greater. Few of the other P&L items; interest was higher due to increased debt incurred for the Standard Car and Truck acquisition, mostly, and then the Unifin acquisition later in the year. The tax rate was just under 34%, which was slightly lower than last year and slightly lower than our historical average of about 36.5%, and thats due to normal year-end adjustments. For the full year, the tax rate was just under 30% reflecting the one-time tax benefit of $9.7 million that we had in the second quarter. And again, to give you a number of that we view as  obviously, we report GAAP and we will continue to report GAAP, but if you exclude the three one timers, the three more significant one-time items, which is a tax benefit of $9.7 million, the fourth quarter charge of $3.9 million and the second quarter charge of restructuring expenses, our EPS for the year was $2.36, which again we think, thats a fair number taking out the major one-time items. To go over some of the balances that we normally go over through in this call; working capital compared to September 30, receivables were $208 million, down $23 million; and inventories were $239 million, down $6 million; this in spite of adding some balances for the Unifin acquisition. Payables were up to about $120 million, about $7 million up. There is always room for improvement. But we think its a pretty good performance, and again thats what helps to generate cash flow in this kind of environment. Cash from operations was about $71 million in the quarter, certainly a very good performance we believe, and about $161 million for the year at about 12% of sales. Debt at the end of the year was $392 million compared to $432 million at September 30, 09. So we managed to pay down about $30 million, $40 million worth of debt and obviously with our very conservative capital balances, right now, we have plenty of capacity for investing in growth opportunities as we go forward. Few other miscellaneous items; depreciation was $6.5 million versus $6.2 million last year. Amortization was $3.7 million versus $1.6 million last year. Amortization was particularly high this quarter because of acquisitions. I think going forward, you can probably use a run rate of about $2 million per quarter on amortization, and obviously if you make any more acquisitions, that would have to be adjusted. CapEx was $7.4 million during the quarter versus $7.2 million last year. And backlog, which we always give you a backlog update at the end of every quarter, our backlog is just about the same as it was at the end of last quarter at just under $1 billion. The rolling 12-month backlog was up slightly compared to 09/30/09. So this is the backlog that we expect to execute over the next 12 months. In total, it was $552 million versus $513 million at 09/30/09. Out of these totals, a $126 million is in Freight and $87 million was at the end last quarter; and in Transit, $426 million at the end of this quarter versus $426 million at the end of last quarter, so very stable there. The multi-year backlog, which is the total backlog, it excludes options but it includes all booked orders, was $951 million versus $952 million last quarter; so like we said, basically the same. Out of this, Freight was $211 million versus $170 million last quarter and Transit was $740 million versus $782 million last quarter. And that pretty much wraps up the financial summary, and I will turn it back over to Al.
Al Neupaver:
 : We have a diverse business model, the Wabtec Performance System, I cant emphasize enough how important this performance system is to being able to generate the type of cash that we did this year. It provides the culture of lean manufacturing and continuous improvement. We have a very experienced and strong management team that is proactively and aggressively trying to grow this business through these difficult times. With that, well be happy to answer your questions.
 : We have a diverse business model, the Wabtec Performance System, I cant emphasize enough how important this performance system is to being able to generate the type of cash that we did this year. It provides the culture of lean manufacturing and continuous improvement. We have a very experienced and strong management team that is proactively and aggressively trying to grow this business through these difficult times. With that, well be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions).
Al Neupaver: Okay, Vijay, lets take the first question.
Operator:
 :
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks, good morning guys.
Al Neupaver: Hi Jim, how are you?
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: All right, thank you. I wanted to start first with a couple of housekeeping questions. For the full year, on a percentage basis, what was freight versus aftermarket and where did the international end up as a percent of overall sales?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Okay. For the full year, freight  I am sorry, you asked OE versus aftermarket?
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: Yes.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: For the full year, let us see, it was 54% aftermarket, 46% OE.
Al Neupaver: I think it is 63% freight, right, aftermarket.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I am sorry. I thought he was asking total aftermarket and total OE for the year.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: No. That helps. And then freight was 63% aftermarket?
Al Neupaver: Right. And 47% for transit.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And international, overall?
Al Neupaver:
 :
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. There was a couple of  you had the litigation, the arbitration ruling in the fourth quarter. There was another recent headline regarding another ruling. When you look at the competitive landscape out there, it is interesting that within a couple-month period you have two legal headlines come out. Could you give us an update of anything else that may potentially be in the pipeline, or is this what we should expect for now?
Al Neupaver: Lets talk about them individually. First the simple one is the ITC ruling related to Amsted. That was a lawsuit that was going on prior to our acquisition of Standard Car Truck. We are well aware of it and that was never put into our projections or plan. So, that is something that pre-dated our ownership there. The Faiveley arbitration has been going on. You have to look at the history of how this all transpired. First of all, in 1990, when Wabtec took the business private, only the North American portion of the business was taken private and that consisted mostly of freight products. The European part of that business stayed with a private-equity firm and there was an agreement for licensing that technology back. I think the contract might have been executed in the mid 90s. So they had this relationship between the two companies. Faiveley acquired that portion of the business in, I believe, 2004, and at that point there was like a year left on that license arrangement. That dispute between Wabtec and Faiveley started at that point and has been in the court system since then. We feel that the ruling as we put out was obviously a fair one from the standpoint that we are paying royalties for anything we are using, and it's behind us. We dont know of any other factors [ph] other than those two and dont expect to be discussing those kind of things into the future. But thats part of the history of the business.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. That is very helpful background. I wanted to just get an update with regards to the cost side. Clearly, it seems as if we are finally getting to a bottoming process on the freight side  very admirable, what you've been able to do in terms of protecting the margins despite the top line pressure this year. What are your plans with regards to further cost reductions activities in 2010? What are the carryover benefits from the 2009 actions?
Al Neupaver: Okay. Two questions there. First of all, what are our plans for 2010 as far as cost reductions? We feel that most of the heavy restructuring is behind us. That restructuring really totaled  we spent about $14 million in 2009, $6 million I think in the first quarter, $8 million in the second. That amount was related to between $35 million and $40 million of sales  not sales, the cost reductions. Half of that we saw in 2009, the other half will flow into 2010. About half of that is fixed cost, the other half variable. So, as volumes start ramping up, obviously we will have to add some variable costs, but we did have a large component to fix costs that were addressed. Now how do we continue to approach things? The same we did over the last four years and that is its really being driven by the Wabtec Performance System and continuous improvement. We continue to ask every division to have certain goals related to cost reductions, sourcing, lean kaizens thats going to improve our productivity, moving some of our businesses from high-cost platforms to low cost platforms. That is never-ending, and we will continue to have that drive to continue to drive our costs down and improve margins over time. To be able to do exactly that during this recession is something that, again, I couldnt be more pleased with how the management and each and every one of the employees of Wabtec reacted to those challenges in the last year, year-and-a-half.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, great. Thank you very much for the update.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Thanks, Jim.
Operator:
 :
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: Good morning.
Al Neupaver: Good morning. How are you doing Kristine?
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: I am great, thank you. My question revolves around the freight backlog. It looks like it grew a little bit organically. I was wondering if you could give us some insight into what is specifically driving that.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Obviously, in the fourth quarter we had the acquisition of Unifin. I think that makes up about 13 of the increases from the Unifin acquisition and the remainder is  what you are seeing is the pickup in, actually, traffic. If you look at third quarter to fourth quarter, traffic went up about 15%.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: So, does it have to do more with aftermarket kinds of components or are there any OE kinds of things picking up?
Al Neupaver: I think there is a little bit of both. We have seen it in the aftermarket; obviously aftermarket has a shorter period. So we saw that increase in freight obviously in the less than 12-month period, and some of that is aftermarket.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: Okay. Then as weve seen some of the forecasters in the industry, it seems like the outlook where you are forecasting for the year in terms of new railcar builds at about 10,000. It seems recently there has been some inflation in that number up to 15,000; 16,000 for 2010, and last week we heard about a rather sizable car order out of one of the car builders. I was wondering, do you think that your forecast is overly conservative at this point or do you think that some of these forecasters are out over their skies at this point?
Al Neupaver: First of all, the order that you are talking about was an order thats going to be delivered over a couple years, and not all of that will be delivered in a year. I have to answer your question by saying that I hope and pray that we are overly conservative. But right now, I think that if you look at the number of orders that come in 2009, which was I think 9,250, you are sure wouldnt take up to the bank and say that that is going to happen and those cars parked create another concern for us. But hopefully we are being conservative and we are ready, if that thing picks up, we will be very read to respond to it.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: Okay. Then my last question is on the transit side. You mentioned several projects in your opening comments, and I was wondering  as we think about your [ph] finishing up with a sizable contract there, can you talk about the second half of 2010 in terms of transit projects or the timing of those projects too difficult to handicap at this point.
Al Neupaver: It is pretty difficult to give an exact timing of some of these projects and the awards in some of the new programs. What we are seeing though is we expect that the delivery of transit cars in 2010 will be the same as 2009 realizing that R-160 is essentially complete. At least from our standpoint, there will be some deliveries in the quarter. But with that behind us, there is that much activity still throughout the country on these programs. Now you could always count on a few delays from transit authorities and that is why it is hard to really nail down when this will happen.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: Can you give us the backlog with the options included or whats outstanding?
Al Neupaver: The options that are outstanding is about $100 million.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: Okay, great. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Al Neupaver: Thank you, Kristine.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Mims of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Mims  BB&T Capital Markets: Hi, good morning.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, John.
John Mims  BB&T Capital Markets: Could you talk about  just give us a little bit of info on positive train controls as far as  is there a revenue opportunity at all in 2010 or is that still pushed out for years down the line?
Al Neupaver: Okay. On positive train control I wont go through the whole background related to it and try just to deal with your question. As you know there are two railroads that put up pretty large numbers of what they are going to spend in 2010 related to positive train control. One of them was like $170 million; the other was $200 million. When you look at the total spend for positive train control implementation, you have different components. You got a component thats onboard the locomotive, the computer, the brains of this system and thats where we have our technology. Youve got the back office or the dispatch business and we also play in that area. The other area is the wayside or the track and the signals and that is the largest expenditure and probably the one with the most lead time at this point.  Whats important for the onboard computer or the PTC that we supply today is to get it through the product safety plan approval through the FRA, and thats what I talked about; their implementation plan needs to be in by mid-April and we continue to test the system and work toward that certification. Once that certification is given and the total system is understood thats when we start seeing a lot of this onboard revenue. So what we are seeing right now is a lot of development money to get there. Our system is developed; its been approved in the overlay condition and is ready to be commercialized.  But there is a lot of things that railroads need to work out, and thats why they talk about such large expenditures related to this is that they still have to be able to interoperate. They need a radio system to communicate. There are 75,000 switches out there throughout the country that need to have an interface with our computer. And thats the part, the design of the signaling systems is whats going on and thats where a lot of that money is being spent. We expect that to take the lead and the onboard computer will really start ramping up mid-to-late next year 2011.
John Mims  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you for all the color. Just looking at the guidance for 2010, can you give any sense of progression first half versus second half, how we should look about from a modeling perspective?
Al Neupaver: Now we do not give quarterly guidance there. So I really cant add any color to that. I am sorry.
John Mims  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Doesnt hurt to ask. And Alvaro, did you give the depreciation expense for Q4?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Let me give it to you again, happy to do it. Depreciation for this quarter, for the quarter of 09 was $6.5 million versus $6.2 million last year. And amort was $3.7 million versus $1.6 million last year. And I also added that amort includes some one-time amortization for acquisitions. On an ongoing basis, it will probably be closer to $2 million.
John Mims  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. I missed a couple in the beginning. Just one last question and Ill hand it back. When youre talking about the growth in international, can you give us a sense of  as far as your guidance and just outlook for 2010 or 2011 is concerned, is that mostly organic or where are you on the acquisition pipeline? Is the real engine for growth going to be acquisitions or organic on the international front?
Al Neupaver: We only project organic growth, we never predict acquisitions. There may be opportunities in that arena, but they would not be in our projections. But to answer your question more precisely is that we did an acquisition, we do have the platforms in place to really take the advantage of this larger market and we are working very diligently on getting our systems approved and in place, okay?
John Mims  BB&T Capital Markets: Yes. That sounds great. So you would say the bulk of your acquisition pipeline is international or can you give that much detail?
Al Neupaver: We look on a global basis. So I think weve got opportunities both internationally and domestically.
John Mims  BB&T Capital Markets: All right. I appreciate the time. Thanks.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning guys. This is actually Joe Box.
Al Neupaver: Hi, Joe.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: I just actually want to follow up on Johns question. You guys had framed up your expectations earlier for the North American freight market. Can you actually just provide a little more granularity on your expectations for some of your growth-oriented markets, like China, India and Brazil superficially?
Al Neupaver: Yes, in the case of China, we would expect to continue to see double-digit growth in that marketplace, which weve experienced over the last couple of years, when you have that amount of money being spent in that arena. We also see some good growth opportunities in Australia, South America and India; so all of those markets are way above your normal growth rates but you got to keep in mind we are starting from a small base.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Sure. Can you refresh us what China was in 2009 in terms of revenues?
Al Neupaver: We probably 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Little under $20 million.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Al Neupaver: Okay?
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: I also wanted to follow up on the PTC question. Just wondering if you guys made any inroads yet with respect to penetrating any of the other categories outside of the NYAB [ph] technology and whether that would be organically or through any acquisitions?
Al Neupaver: We obviously  as I mentioned, weve done well by creating opportunities in the dispatch and the back office software arena. And we continue to look at other areas for growth opportunities.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Also just on the freight revenue side, real quick, your revenues were down 26% in the quarter. How much of that decline was actually volume oriented versus price? How much did Unifin contribute?
Al Neupaver: The price didnt have a lot to do with the comparison there. Really, what  and Unifin quarter on quarter was, I think $10 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. Unifin added $10 million of revenues to the freight group during the quarter. And I would confirm what Al said, most of that was basically volume driven. Fortunately, we are fighting over a small market. So (inaudible) price to get it.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: My last question, and then I will turn it over is in terms of input costs in 2010, obviously were seeing some rising steel costs. What is your expectation on the impact for gross margins in 2010?
Al Neupaver: We dont anticipate much impact because, remember, we tried to have some type of surcharge or cover the inflation in the direction when its going up as well as giving it back when it comes down. So we don't anticipate a large impact from that.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets:
 :
Al Neupaver: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Yes, good morning.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Greg.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: The press release references a repurchase of about 670,000 shares. I can't remember the first three quarters, but were there any done in the fourth quarter? And what is your outlook going forward regarding that program?
Al Neupaver: They were a little bit done at the end of the year, but it didnt get reflected because it was toward the end of the year. It will actually be reported, I believe 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Usually what happens is  you are familiar with it  you close three days after the trade, and we did some towards the end of the year, which between holidays and being close to the end of the year, they will actually hit our books towards the beginning of the year. But it was pretty minor. It was about 100,000 shares or so, give or take. And we still have about 50 million left under our repurchase program. We are not amending that right now. We still have 50 million left.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: $50 million?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I am sorry. Yes, 50 million shares are pretty much  we'd be the sole remaining shareholder in control of Wabtec. Yes, $50 million. Sorry.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Nice to hear that train behind you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We like that.
Al Neupaver: We open the windows when we are on the call.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Relative to your debt, could you discuss the different components there  maturities and rates and whether or not you have any swaps hedging any of that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, a lot of questions there. We have two main components of our debt. We have about $150 million in bonds that are  I think they mature in 13, and they are at 6.875. And then we have a $500 million revolving arrangement with a bank, $200 million of thats a term credit, $300 million of that is a revolver. We are utilizing all of the $200 million. We are in the process of  actually, we had some hedges maturing not too long ago and we are actually  I think, we locked them in yesterday. And on our bank arrangement, we are repaying probably about 2.25, I think with the new hedges in place. So on our bank financing we are paying 2.25 and thats mostly, lets say, about 60% of that is fixed, 40% of that is floating; and the portion thats fixed is out there for 1.5 years to 2.5 years. That gives you enough flavor for it.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: That's perfect. You didn't provide a figure for the equity balance, and I just wanted to get that if you have it, given the acquisition you made.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, the equity balance is 778.9, so basically about 780. If you are doing debt to total cap, were at about 33.5.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. And what would you anticipate your capital spending to be in 2010, full year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I would think relatively consistent with the past and what we spent in 09. The rough range would be somewhere between $20 million to $25 million.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: All right, great. Thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes as a follow up from John Mims from BB&T Capital Markets. Please go head.
John Mims  BB&T Capital Markets:
 :
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Basically, the $189 million, the vast majority of that over 90% is in foreign entities. And we basically keep that there, one, to finance future growth in those entities and, two, to provide for future acquisitions abroad. If we were to repatriate it, the US has the second highest tax rate in the world right now. The only one thats higher than the US is Japan. And if we were to repatriate it, we would face adverse tax consequences as well. But the plan with the cash is to leave it there, again, to finance future growth and future acquisitions abroad.
John Mims  BB&T Capital Markets: Great. Thats very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Fred Speece from Speece Thorson Capital Group. Please go ahead.
Fred Speece  Speece Thorson Capital Group: Our questions have been answered. Thank you.
Al Neupaver: Thanks.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I appreciate that Fred. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) We show no further questions at this time. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to our presenters for any closing remarks.
Tim Wesley: Okay. Thanks for joining us everyone and we will talk to you in a couple of months. Have a good day.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thanks everybody.
Al Neupaver: Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley  Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver  President and Chief Executive Officer Alvaro Garcia-Tunon  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
Analysts:  Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research Jason Rogers  Great Lakes Review Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets 
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Wabtecs Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode for today's event. (Operator Instructions). Please note that today's event is also being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Tim Wesley. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thanks Jamie. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call today. Let me introduce the rest of the Wabtec team: as usual, our President and CEO, Al Neupaver; our CFO, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon; and our corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. We'll make our prepared remarks and then we'll be happy to take your questions. Please refer to today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers on our forward-looking statements. And with that, go ahead Al.
Albert J. Neupaver:  Okay. Thanks Tim. Good morning. Ill cover the third quarter results and talk about our market conditions, and Id like to also talk about out strategic growth initiatives, including our latest acquisition Unifin. Then Alvaro will cover the financials in a little more detail. Despite an economy that continues to be sluggish, Wabtec posted good results in the third quarter. Our third quarter EPS was $0.57, about the same as we did in the second quarter if you exclude some of the one-time items from that quarter. We had solid margin performance. We were up 60 basis points from a year ago quarter, as we continued to reduce costs. We generated $51 million of cash from operations. Keep in mind we achieved these numbers during a global recession and a very weak U.S. freight rail market. This shows the strength of our diversified business model that our strategic initiatives are paying off and that we continue to benefit from the Wabtec Performance System. Lets look at our markets. First, the Transit market, we continue to see a stable Transit market, driven by Federal funding and passenger ridership. Current Federal spending bill, SAFETEA-LU expired September 30 of this year, but was extended through October and we expect it to be extended again for at least six months. The House strongly favors a new six-year bill with a substantial increase in funding, so that the transit agencies have the funding and the lead-time they need to plan future investments. Stimulus money is making its way into some transportation projects. Clearly, Wabtec is in a good position to take advantage of what is a strong commitment in the U.S. to expand the countrys mass transit capabilities. Remember, about $20 billion of stimulus money was directed toward transit. Ridership is still strong, but has been affected by the economy. Keep in mind about two-thirds of those people using mass transit or work-related. Nationwide ridership is down only 2% in the second quarter, despite the sluggish economy, lower gas prices, and higher unemployment. Some cities are still seeing increases, especially where the service was either expanded or is new. Positive long-term trends in transit should continue to drive investments by municipalities. Some of these trends are population growth and urbanization, long-term concerns about fuel prices and the environment, and reduced dependence on foreign oil. In addition to our domestic market, Webtec has ample growth opportunities in international transit markets, which have remained strong even in this economic environment. We are a small player in a much larger market. Looking at the Freight Rail Market, although we have seen some sequential weekly improvement in rail traffic, the numbers are still down considerably from a year ago. Third quarter ton-miles were down 15%, car loadings were off 16%, intermodal traffic was down 17%. Rail activity is dependent on the economy. With traffic down, the railroads have parked, perhaps, one-third of their freight cars and locomotives, which has a negative impact on both OEM and aftermarket demand. They pulled some cars out of storage, but it's still a very small percentage of what's parked. As expected, third quarter railcar numbers are in, deliveries were 4,126, orders come in at only 1,890, at least the backlog at 19,343, the lowest since 2002. These numbers compared deliveries of about 16,000 and orders of 8,000 in a year ago quarter. For the year, we expect deliveries to be around 20,000 and maybe only half of that for the next year. There is a similar slowdown in the locomotive OEM market. Some international freight markets such as Australia have started to recover, but overall conditions remain difficult. At this point, I'd like to talk a little bit about our updated guidance. With just one quarter to go in the year, we are able to tighten our earnings guidance by slightly raising the floor and lowering the ceiling. The guidance was $2.35 to $2.55. It is now $2.40 to $2.50. Sales are now expected to be down about 12%. Considering the steep declines in some of our key markets, we feel that our team has responded well. In fact, if you take a look at our year-to-date revenues, which were down about $127 million, our operating income is only down $10 million, after you adjust for the restructuring costs to $14 million. By any one standard, that is good performance. So what are we focused on? Well, what we're focus on continues to be controlling what we can control. Weve completed various restructuring costs reduction activities in the past several quarters, headcount reductions in operations and at our corporate headquarters, plant consolidations, outsourcing initiatives. And we've tried to control and reduce the expenses across the board. We've incurred costs of $14 million so far in 2009, about $6 million of that was in the first quarter, $8 million in the second, with only minor costs in the third quarter. We expect to achieve annual savings of $35 million to $40 million from these actions, with about half of those savings being realized in 2009. About half of these savings should be permanent even as volumes start to pick back up. What else are we focused on? In this environment, we're also staying focused on growth and cash generation. We continue to invest in our strategic growth initiatives. In a new product area, such as positive train control, we are in a market position that continues to strengthen. From a global expansion standpoint, we're working on an additional joint venture in China. From the aftermarket thrust, we just opened a new service center in Brazil. And as I mentioned earlier from the acquisition area, we purchased Unifin International, which I'll talk a little bit more about in just a minute. Cash also remains a high priority. This provides the opportunity to invest in the acquisition and our growth strategies. We have renewed our efforts to increase free cash flow through cost reductions, driving down working capital and controlling our capital expenditures. Talk a little bit about our acquisition, Unifin. Unifin is a good strategic acquisition in an adjacent market, where we know the products well. They provide cooling systems and related equipment for transformers and generated in the power generation market. Our Young Touchstone division, which provides heat exchangers for locomotives, also provides heat exchangers for backup and standby diesel generators. Unifin will be integrated into our Young Touchstone division. The purchase price was about $93 million. They have sales about $45 million. They have solid margins, and they're in a very stable market, power generation. This helps to offset the cyclicality of the rail business. Wabtec is now about 15% non-rail. This includes power generation, friction, and other industrial markets. I'd like to now turn it over to Alvaro for a further look at our financials.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thank you Al and good morning everyone. Welcome to the call. Financial results for this quarter were pretty straightforward. I think my job is pretty easy this call. We really didn't have any one-time items of any significant amount to comment on. Sales, as we said earlier, were about $330 million. This was down about 17% from the year ago quarter. A portion of this, about $7.5 million, was due to foreign exchange changes, the dollar strengthening. However, the effect on EBIT of this foreign exchange changes was negligible. Basically, our natural hedge continues to work, the increases or decreases in costs in our cost centers tend to offset the results coming in from abroad. The Transit Group, in terms of sales again, was basically flat. It was down slightly about 3%, where the decrease really occurred within the Freight Group for the conditions that weve talked about before. Higher sales from acquisitions, principally Standard Car and Truck, which was about $19 million, more than offset the negative effects of the lower rail traffic, reduced demand for new freight cars, and locomotives as well. In terms of margins, Al has talked about this, and we all continue to be focused on improving margins with particular attention to the consolidated operating margin line. Here you're going to have changes due to mix, but at operating margins where we really want to show the improvement. I think a concrete result of this emphasis can be seen this quarter. Compared to last year, sales were down about $65.6 million, but EBIT was only down about $6.3 million or about 10%. We consider a negative 10% contribution margin in this market to be relatively a good performance and it really reflects I think well on what our operations have done to reduce the costs in this recession. For the quarter, you see the benefit of this reduced cost. Operating margin in spite of declined sales, increased to 13.8% as opposed to 13.2% last year. And you can see the results in SG&A, which is significantly lower. Last quarter, we had a couple of one-time items, which increased SG&A by about $2 million. I think this quarter its a reasonable run rate for SG&A going forward. It can always fluctuate a little bit up or down, but I think we have done a very good job of reducing our SG&A. Interest expense, its compared to last year, was higher due to the acquisition of Standard Car and Truck. Income tax rates relatively stable at just under 36%. To give you some of that numbers now that we continue to give out in the call, our receivables at the end of the quarter were $231 million, down $21 million from the June 30 balance sheet. Inventories were $245 million, down about $5 million from again the June 30 balance sheet, though we continued to improve working capital obviously with a goal of generating cash. Payables were $113 million, down about $4 million basically, we're ordering less, so payables were down. Our cash balance at September 30 was $255 million, which is up $121 million since June 30. What happened is because of the timing of the Unifin acquisition, we have to draw down on our line of credit to complete the acquisition. Like Al said, we paid $94 million and that closed on October 1, which obviously reduced the cash balance. Cash flow from operations during the quarter was solid at about $51 million or 15% of sales. Our debt at September 30 was $432 million, higher than the $350 million again at June 30, because of the acquisition of Unifin. But we still remain in a very good shape balance sheet wise. We have substantial amounts of flexibility and we continue to invest in all of our growth initiatives comfortable I think in spite of the current credit crunch. A few more of the numbers that we always give out, depreciation for this period was $5.3 million versus $5.9 million last year. Amort was a million and a half or $1.5 million versus $1.7 million last year and CapEx we continued to invest in everything we need but we do it very carefully and for the period it was only $2.1 million versus $4.6 million last year. Backlog was down slightly this quarter. The 12-month backlog, not the total backlog but the 12-month backlog, that which we expect to execute in the next 12-months compared to the June 30 backlog. This quarter is $513 million versus $565 million last quarter, so again down slightly. Transit is always going to constitute the major portion of the backlog, transit was $426 million versus $468 million at the end of the last quarter and freight $87 million versus $97 million so not much change there. That the multi-year backlog, the total backlog which does include the 12-months numbers, in total was $952 million, versus $1 billion at the end of June. Transit $782 versus $825 and freight $170 versus a $179.  And with that I think that concludes the financial review. Obviously, well glad to turn it back over to Q&A but Al, will just give a few summary remarks. 
Albert J. Neupaver :  Thanks Alvaro. Once again we had a good performance in a very difficult environment. Like most companies we continued to face some very challenging market conditions and uncertainty due to the economy, but we at Webtec, we have stayed focus on what we could control, cost reductions, future growth initiatives and cash generation. We are fortunate, that we have a diverse business model and that our transit business now more than half of our revenues remain stable at a high level. The Webtec performance system is what really provides the established culture of lean manufacturing and continuous improvement, and gives us the tools we need to reduce cost and generate cash as we have. We have a very experienced management team, that is committed to managing proactively and aggressively through this tough times and I must say that the whole team is really stepped up and is doing everything they can to run this business at the level its. And I couldnt be more happy with the team that I have. With that, we will answer any questions that you have.
Albert J. Neupaver : Jamie, you want to poll for questions?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Arthur Hatfield from Morgan, Keegan. 
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan:  Good morning guys.
Albert J. Neupaver: Hi, Art.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Hi, Art.
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: Hey, Al, I missed something when you were talking about the freight car statistics. I missed what your comment was with regards to your expectations for delivery this year.
Albert J. Neupaver:  This year, we think they're going to be rate around the 20,000 deliveries are probably going to slip further for the 4,000 that we had in the third quarter. So if you look at what's already been delivered this year, you've got, what 17,000 so it will be above 20 but not that far above it. 
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: And then you had followed that up by saying you expected it to be about half that next year, did I hear you right? 
Albert J. Neupaver: Thats correct, Art. 
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: Okay. Secondly, can you talk about any significant contracts on the transit side that may roll-off in the next couple of years and kind of what you are seeing is opportunities to replace those?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, sure, Art. One large contract that will finish up in 2010, we are supplying the last set of options on the R-160 program, which is a New York city Transit, that total project was about $250 million and we shipped less than the third of that during 2009 and well continue to ship well into 2010, but that project will come to completion. However, we have municipalities outside of New York that are major transit car orders that are in the queue here. BART in California, there's a number of them that we feel there is ample activity in the transit car area where we think that the transit cars delivered in 2010 will be very close to what was delivered in 2009.
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: Okay. And then finally on the margins in the quarter, that was helpful Alvaro, what you had commented there on the decremental margin. Can you talk about what that would have been had you not been able to put in place the cost saving initiatives that you had, and how we can think about that level of degradation in the margin going forward relative to potential revenue decline?
Albert J. Neupaver: If we look it from our revenue standpoint, one thing that if you look at these two different markets, we think that you'll still see some problem with the rail car delivery, so OEM freight car will go down. But we think the aftermarket, because of the sequential improvement in the ton miles, we think that portion of the market will come back. Now that said, what weve done in the freight area as you could see from our result year-to-date as weve been able to manage that to a very small contribution margin in the negative direction and we will be able to continue to do that. From a Transit standpoint, we're anticipating that this marketplace should remain high at a high level, stable at a high level is what were saying. If there is any degradation in that particular market again, we will manage using the Wabtec performance system and controlling what we can control. And our initiatives are very pointed in a number of areas. One is applying these lean principles across all the divisions; two, in our sourcing, moving activity from higher cost platforms to lower cost platforms, pricing initiative. So all those will continue to be put in place to minimize the impact of any revenue problems that we have or maybe Alvaro, you want to add anything to that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  I think, I dont know if you caught it earlier, Art. And I'm not sure this was your question. But Al did mention earlier that he thought that we think the effect of the restructuring actions that weve taken will generate overall annual savings of about $35 million to $40 million and we expect, it wasnt all done January 1, so we expect to get about half of that this year. I dont know if that was part of your question.
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: Well, it was. And what I was curious is how much when you talk about this year, half of it, is that meaning that by the end of the year, say fourth quarter, your quarterly run rate of savings would be a $5 million quarterly run rate, is that fair?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon : Yeah. Its kind of hard. It all depends what you're comparing it to because again, these layoffs have occurred throughout the year. For the most part, though, were done. And that's why I mentioned you at least SG&A wise, once you get down the SG&A I think you can use this quarter, it's always going to vary by $1 million or $2 million.
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: Right.
Albert J. Neupaver: You're always going to have some unusual items and they are coming in there one way or the other. But I think you can use that this quarter's results as a reasonable run rate going forward.
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: And then further on that strain of thinking, though, the commentary was that half of those savings would be permanent. How do we think about those - the other half coming back on? What kind of level of revenue growth do we need to see before we start to see some of those -- you needing to add costs? 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That's what we're going to manage, Art.
Albert J. Neupaver: Now that's what it's all about as we have paid to do. You've got to make sure that revenue is there and the growth is there before you add those costs. When you look at direct costs, its easy to deal with. And they're totally variable. But when you get into the burden area of costs, you have some costs that you would consider it fixed burden and variable burden. And what you're really talking about is that variable burden that you may need to make sure that you take full advantage of your growth opportunities. And were going to do that judiciously.
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: Okay. And so its fair to say that thats a rough estimate. You could come out a lot better.
Albert J. Neupaver: You could do better. You could do worse. And it depends on our ability to manage.
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: Okay, thats very helpful. Thanks for your time.
Albert J. Neupaver: But we can assure you - is that we will add costs very slowly. Were  seriously, I mean - 
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: Ive known you long enough, I know that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Its tough to do what we have to do, and you dont like doing it. So youre very reluctant to add costs, only to do this again. So we will be doing it very slowly.
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: Sure. I just wanted to get a feel for how you are assessing that estimate of half being permanent. It really - its hard to say what that exactly is right now, but youre going do your best to try and make it all permanent, I would say.
Albert J. Neupaver: That, I think, is a very good summary.
Arthur Hatfield  Morgan, Keegan: Okay. Thank you.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you, Art.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Bodnar from Longbow Research.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research:  Hi, good morning guys.
Albert J. Neupaver:  Good morning, Paul.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research:  The question for you on, I guess, the European transit business and as well as, particularly, U.K. and just kind if you could just give us an outlook on whats going on over there and what the outlook is for over the next 12 to 18-months?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. In the market in the UK, that market really did decline, and weve seen the impacts of that. We have not seen an improvement but it is not getting worse. Its probably comparable to how you see the things going on here in the States, from the economy standpoint. In Europe, there was really from the transit standpoint, there was a very little of any decline in the transit area in the European markets. It had some impacts in the economy but not a major those projects that they had on the table, they continued with. So the spending related to rolling stock and those areas that were involved in really continued, very similar, again, to the US economy.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research: Is there still further like down in U.K. I mean, is a lot of your old businesses still trickling through, so were going to see a big dip 2010 revenues from the U.K., or is that already starting to take place and a lot of thats going to kind of be, it will be sequentially flat, I guess?
Albert J. Neupaver:  Yeah. I think its already bottomed out there in the U.K. And remember, were on the repair side. Thats almost all after market business there, and not all of its transit. Some of it is straight. It was all freight at one point. And we moved a lot of that business into the transit area.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research:  Okay. What (inaudible) at this point, I mean, in 2010, what percent of revenue is the UK business right now?
Albert J. Neupaver:  Of our total revenue?
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research:  Yes.
Albert J. Neupaver:  Probably around, maybe 7% to 8%.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research: And then, I guess, also just along the term (inaudible) any kind of different thoughts now on what youre looking for in acquisitions? Obviously, you made this one, which is a little bit off, I guess, recent pattern the transit acquisitions. Can you kind of shift it to what you're looking for?
Albert J. Neupaver:  No. Weve been staying really focused on the same areas and were not changing our approach I mean were looking for strategic acquisitions first and foremost and were not afraid to look at adjacent acquisitions on an opportunistic basis when they come about and this truly was one that fits tremendously well with the Young Touchstone division, is and was a target area for growth for us. But we are still focused on those same areas but we were focused on three, four years ago. And we feel that the rail business whether it be transit or freight, is a compelling industry that we think there is a lot of opportunity for acquisitions and growth in from a Wabtec standpoint.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research:  Is that pipeline relatively full now or filling up or how is that?
Albert J. Neupaver:  It has  I must tell you, Paul, that it has improved, which was good to see. There was a period there where it was just trickling along. But the pipeline is starting to flow good.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Albert J. Neupaver:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jason Rogers from Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rogers  Great Lakes Review:  Hello. Did you provide the equity  shareholders equity balance for the quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: 750
Albert J. Neupaver:  750 
Jason Rogers  Great Lakes Review: Okay. And where do you expect CapEx to end up for the year and any early thoughts for 2010?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: CapEx obviously again, we are not cutting it off. Were trying to control it judiciously, but we're spending what we need. We'll probably spend, end up the year somewhere between 20 and 25, which considering our numbers. I think its below depreciation and its a very reasonable amount and I would say next year, you will see it probably in the same range. This year will probably be towards the lower end of that range and next year will probably be towards the upper end of that range.
Jason Rogers  Great Lakes Review:  Okay. And did you provide the, where you expect locomotive deliveries to be in 2009?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We didn't, but we can. We were estimating around 12,000. We think it's going to be right. 700. 
Jason Rogers  Great Lakes Review: Okay. Yeah, thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: Good morning.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning Kristine.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Good morning.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: The question on freight aftermarket. Sequentially, how did it get better?
Albert J. Neupaver: It did get better in the quarter but that seasonality is there. There was a good chart that UP put out during their earnings presentation that shows and they actually showed the numbers. And it is an improvement sequentially, quarter-on-quarter. Now, whether that is sustained or whether is sustained its seasonality, they did indicate in their thoughts there was an increase in demand that did ply into that increased traffic. But if you look at the ton miles, quarter-on-quarter you will see that the first quarter was on a weekly basis, was somewhere around $28 billion ton miles and then it went down to $26 billion and then its back up to $29 billion in the third quarter. So $28 billion, $26 billion, $29 billion but the third quarter is traditionally a stronger quarter. 
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners:  Okay. I guess, moving on, on positive train control, I was wondering how thats setting up for this year and then how you guys are looking at that going into 2010?
Albert J. Neupaver: Positive train control; our development efforts continue. Right now we are, as our product safety plan was approved with the BNSF and we are commercializing. And they're extending what is called an overlay system on to various parts of their system. We are working very closely with a development program with CSX, NS, and UP, all three of them, where we have pilot programs going on and well be working towards a product safety plan approval, which is a necessary step in order to commercialize the product that will happen late in the year in 2010. What you're seeing at the railroads, they have got together, they're working very hard on trying to work on the communication systems and the interoperability that is necessary. We are all pushing hard for a full implementation in December 31, 2015. We dont think we are going to see a lot of revenues here. As we finish out 2009, itll start ramping-up late in 2010 and probably see more in 2011 and thats primarily caused by some of the systems until the design has been really finalized, there is a reluctant to move ahead on. Two, because of the recession, people are little reluctant to move ahead and we still havent resolved the communication package in the interoperability using that communication device. So those things will occur and we look forward to, really, a good growth product here over the next four or five years.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: Well, there has been some pretty public pitches by some of the Class Ones out there to kind of ratchet down the scope of the project. Do you have any concerns that maybe and I am not sure if they are talking about just geographic footprint. Would they still have to convert the same amount of locomotives? Are you concerned in anyway that the scope of the project could be ratcheted down, and what impact that would have?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. First of all, as far as their discussion, I really think you got to get their ideas. I mean, Im not sure exactly. Its best to talk with them to get their views on what they are saying. I can tell you that we are totally focused on implementation in 2015, December 31. I think that this will move forward, my own personal opinion, at the pace that they've already dictated. It obviously is a very costly implementation and it would be tremendous if the government, who is mandating this, could put money so that to leave some of the burden that the rail roads are going to have to make sure that this is implemented properly and across the whole system. I do not anticipate much changes from what the program is now.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners:  Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. This is actually Joe Box, filling in for Steve.
Albert J. Neupaver: Hey, Joe. How are you doing?
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Im pretty good, thanks. Now you had some superiorly positive commentary in the Transit side earlier, with respect to future orders. Given what's in the hopper right now, I mean, would you expect to see the transit backlog stabilize at these levels or, potentially, even increase?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that the market will be stable with the high level. So what does that mean, I think that as bigger projects come in and some finish, there is always the fluctuation quarter-to-quarter but the amount of activity that thats out there right now is very encouraging and we expect that marketplace to remain strong. 
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Fair enough. Now, as you start thinking about developing your 2010 guidance with the domestic rail car market being down, locomotive likely being down and get into 2010. Can you highlight some of the areas where you might actually see some growth next year within your freight business?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well. We do feel that what weve seen is the ton miles have shown some sequential improvement as we were talking earlier. We would hope that the after-market business will be the first sign of the recovery and we hope that would lead into 2010. We also have a lot of opportunity on the international front and we have seen where China is obviously, their economy has come back strong, Australias economy is back strong. We are seeing some pick-up in the Brazil area and other mining countries. So on a International front, we take this opportunity on the freight side that could really help or what is and what appears to be a continued very weak freight rail market in the U.S.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: All right. And my last question is a followup to a Kristines question on PTC. In the past youve highlighted the Wabtec potential opportunity is being somewhere in the range of $200 million to $400 million in total. Given the Class Ones focus right now on interoperability taken in the context with your exposure at all the Class Ones, do you think that this could potentially create some upside to your initial estimate on PTC?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Our estimate, the $200 million to $400 million over the next four or five years is based on the fact that we would not have a 100% share and its only the onboard computer and there is other parts of the system. The onboard computer, which is RE, ETMS or positive train control, is only one part of what really needs to be done to make this whole system work. And if the fraction its probably only 20% to 30% of whats going to be spent to implement positive train control and we think theres opportunities in other areas. So there is some upside, and its not included in that number, we have not quantified it.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Do you care to expand at all on what those other opportunities might be?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, the other action  or the expenditures are really going to be from a communication standpoint, the system has an onboard computer. You have to have a handheld radio that communicates with the dispatch system. We have a capability and we are supplying and we have dispatched systems that are installed in various railroads around the country. It also has to communicate with the various signals and switches. So, its a very complex systems. It has lots of parts and we have opportunities to participate in that, we also have not included in that any installation or service aftermarket business that would we tied to it.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thats very good. Thank you, guys.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, thanks Joe.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Ladies and gentlemen at this time, I'm showing no further questions. Would you like to make any final comments?
Albert J. Neupaver : Yeah, we really, really appreciate the questions. And we like them short and sweet like this. So thank you very much and well talk to you again soon.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks everybody.
Albert J. Neupaver: Bye, bye.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your telephone lines.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wesley  Vice President Investor Relations Albert Newpaver  President, Chief Executive Officer Alvaro Garcia-Tunon  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research [Jason Rogers  Great Lakes Review]
Operator: Welcome to the Wabtec Corporation second quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the conference call over to Tim Wesley, Vice President Investor Relations.
Timothy Wesley: Good morning everybody. Welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call today. I just want to apologize briefly for a slight delay in the start here. We were having some trouble with the webcast and we were hoping to get that fixed before we got started so we apologize for a little bit of a delay. Let me introduce the rest of the Wabtec team who's here; our President and CEO, Al Neupaver, our CFO Alvaro Garcia-Tunon and our corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. As usual we will make our prepared remarks and then we'll be happy to take your questions. We will make forward-looking statements during the call so please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. With that, Al Neupaver, our President and CEO.
Albert Neupaver: Good morning everyone. What I'll do is, I'm going to cover the second quarter results, talk about the current market conditions including how we're responding to those conditions. We'll talk a little bit about our progress of our strategic initiatives as well. The Alvaro will cover the financials in more detail and I'll come back on for a summary, then we'll answer your questions. Given the state of the economy and especially the freight rail market, Wabtec posted good results in the second quarter. Our transit sales were up 4%, but overall sales were down 14% due mainly to impact from the freight rail decline. $17 million of that decline was due to FX. Second quarter earnings per share was at $0.64. That included a tax benefit of $9.7 million and we had pre tax expenses of $8.3 million primarily related to downsizing and consolidation activities. Cash from operation was really good at $44 million. This was a result of a number of things but improved working capital performance as well. Our backlog remained over $1 billion which will help to provide a base for revenue in the future. We are pleased that we achieved these numbers in a weak global economy and a very weak U.S. freight rail market. This shows the strength of our diversified business model and that our strategic initiatives are paying off and that we continue to benefit from the Wabtec performance system. Let's talk a little bit about the current market conditions. First of all the transit market, we continue to see a good transit market driven by Federal funding and passenger ridership. The current Federal spending bill expires September 30 of this year. The Obama administration wants to extend that bill for another 18 months and a current Senate bill backs that proposal. However, the House strongly favors a new six year bill with a substantial increase in funding so that the transit agencies have the funding and the lead time they need to plan future investments. If nothing passes by September 30, it's likely that the funding will be maintained at the current levels until the new bill passes. There's been a lot of talk about stimulus money in high speed rail. Money is starting to trickle into the transportation projects. About 20% of the funding has been awarded. We have seen some additional bus orders and locomotive orders as a result, but the real transportation money has yet to be spent. The same with high speed rail; the government has to decide the location of the high speed rail lines before any project can begin. Clearly, Wabtec is in a good position to take advantage of what seems like a strong commitment in the U.S. to expand the country's mass transit capabilities. But, it will take some for us to realize meaningful benefits. Ridership remains strong, but has been slightly affected by the economy. Two-thirds of the trips taken are work related. Nationwide, ridership is down only 1% in the first quarter despite the sluggish economy, lower gas prices and higher unemployment. Some cities still see an increase of 4% to 5%, Boston, Chicago, D.C., Philadelphia and L.A. The positive of the long term trends in transit should continue to drive growth and investment in this area. This is a compelling market based on population growth and urbanization, long term concerns about fuel prices and the environment, and reduced dependence on foreign oil. In addition to this good NAFTA market, Wabtec has ample growth opportunities in the international transit area which have remained strong even in this economic turn down. We are currently a small player in large markets such as China and Europe, but are working very hard to change that. The freight rail market; for us the freight rail market softened further in the second quarter and remains very weak due to the economy. North American rail traffic is off significantly and continues to decline throughout the second quarter, but bottomed out in recent weeks. Year to date 10 miles are down 18% while loadings are up 19%, intermodal traffic is down 17%. These figures are worse than we had previously projected. Even coal traffic is off 8% as electricity production in the U.S. has fallen off due to the recession. We can't predict when traffic will pick up, and it depends mainly on the overall economy. With traffic down, the railroads have parked perhaps one-third of their freight cars and locomotives which has a negative impact on both our OEM business as well as our after market demand. The industry has not released its second quarter rail car numbers, but our estimates for the delivers are about 6,000 and orders of only 2,000 versus 15,000 cars being delivered a year ago with 12,000 ordered. Second half deliveries will be weaker than the first.  We have seen a similar slow down in the locomotive OEM market which occurred later in the cycle due to longer term contracts that were being fulfilled. We are seeing some signs of recovery and have heard that some of the railroads are actually bringing a few rail cars out of moth ball. We have especially seen some recovery in the international freight markets such as Australia. We do expect these markets to come back faster than the North American market. Overall however, the conditions remain difficult. Due mainly to these market conditions and our second quarter results, we are updating our guidance for 2009. The initial guidance this year was for sales to be flat to slightly down with EPS between $2.45 and $2.75. Based on the following assumptions rail traffic down 5%, freight car production at around 30,000, NAFTA locomotive production around 1,200 and no further weakening in the economy. Market conditions are in fact weaker than we anticipated. Rail traffic is down around 20%, freight car production for the year is estimated to be around 20,000, locomotive production will be about 700. The economy most likely will not recover in the second half which most analysts had hoped for. As a result, we have updated our guidance. Sales now are expected to be down around 10% for the year with earnings per share range of $2.35 to $2.55. Considering the steep declines in some of our key markets, we feel that our team has responded extremely well. In fact, if you take a look at the first half revenues, they were down $62 million while operating income is only down about $3 million after you add back about $14 million of expenses that we have taken for downsizing this year. So in this environment, we are focused on applying our lean principals and managing what we can manage by reducing costs and driving down working capital to maximize cash, and we've accelerated these efforts. With the actions taken year to date, we are targeting annualized cost savings of $35 million to $40 million. The cost of these actions has been around $14 million with about $8 million of that taken in the second quarter.  The theme of these actions is the Wabtec performance system which is based on lean principals and continuous improvement. Actions have included a work force reduction from all levels of the company, planned consolidation and increased emphasis on lean events and sourcing activities. The goal is to balance our continued investment and growth opportunities with the need to take prudent action that reflect the economy and business realities we face. I believe we're reaching and achieving that balance. In this environment, we're staying focused on two areas; strategic growth and cash generation. We continue to invest in strategic growth opportunities. New products such as positive train control where our market position continues to strengthen. There's been a lot of activity in the PTC arena and we are in the front and center. Global expansion, we're working on our third joint venture in China and just opened an office in Munich to serve Europe. In the after market area, we are finalizing a service platform for Brazil. As for acquisitions, we're being disciplined in a difficult market, staying focuses on building a more global and diverse footprint. The second focus; cash. Cash provides the opportunity to invest in acquisitions and growth strategies, and we are renewing our efforts to increase free cash flow with cost reductions driving down working capital, and squeezing CapEx. We reduced the debt by $11 million in the quarter and bought back $12 million of stock. At this time I'd like to turn it over to Alvaro.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Good morning everyone. Like Al said, it is a difficult environment out there and we see that every day. However, we are very optimistic about the future and our ability to grow long term. Al touched on a few of these, electronic braking, international growth, and we remain very optimistic that as the markets recover, we'll be able to exploit those opportunities and continue our long term growth. However, in the short term, we do remain cautious about the future of the economy. We do face challenges really that are unprecedented in our industry and we're trying to react appropriately as we go along. In terms of specifics and getting more specific as to our financial results, sales were down 14% to about $334 million this quarter. About one-third of the increase was due purely to FX, not really an operating issue, but just the changes in FX. That had a minimal impact on our EBIT of about $1 million or so. The transit group sales were actually up 4% reflecting the continued strength in that market, mainly due to increased sales of subway car components and the POLI acquisition and the net decrease was down in the freight group. We did have higher sales from an acquisition of Standard Car and Truck, but this was more than offset by the negative affects of lower rail traffic and reduced demand for new freight cars and locomotives. The acquisition, for those of you who want to keep track, added about $30 million in sales when you compare it to the prior year. Margins, as you know we are very focused on margins and margin improvement with particular attention on the operating margin, and we feel we had a very good performance this quarter in light of the decreasing markets. Operating margin for the quarter was 11% versus 14.3% last year. However, this includes a significant amount of restructuring expenses. Once you factor in the $8.3 million restructuring, the operating margin was $13.45, again compared to 14.3% which in light of the declining volume, we think is a respectable number. We're not happy with that. We're going to continue to try to improve it, but we think it's a good performance. Other fluctuations from quarter to quarter, interest cost was higher because of the Standard Car and Truck acquisition. The effective tax rate obviously, much lower in this year's quarter with the tax benefit of $9.7 million. This was due to a resolution of open items and open position from prior years that either the statute closed or the audit for those prior years closed during the current period. And you really can't forecast these items. You basically take them into account as either the statute expires, or like I said, the audit closed. Working capital, we have made some progress on working capital. We think we can do more. Receivables were about $252 million, down $8 million from the prior quarter. Inventories were $250 million, down about $4 million from the prior quarter. This benefit of this was partly offset by payables at $117 million, down from $126 million. Basically as you reduce your purchasing and as you reduce your expenses, your payables naturally follow and so the payables aren't quite as high.  In terms of cash balances and cash generation, at June 30, we had cash of $121 million up from $98 million at March 31. Cash flow from operations was $44 million. I think Al previously referred to that number. We're about 13% of sales, so we are happy that we're generating an appropriate amount of cash which we can use for debt repayment, stock repurchases, we actually repurchased about $12 million of stock during the quarter as well as investment in our growth strategy. At June 30, we had total debt of $352 million versus $363 million at March 31 in the first quarter, so we paid down about $11 million of debt during the quarter. And really, considering our cash flow generation, our earnings and our assets, the balance sheet is in great shape, and that does give us a considerable amount of flexibility and ability to grow in the future using our balance sheet. To go forward with a few miscellaneous items which we always read out during the call, depreciation was $6.8 million during the quarter versus $7.5 million last year. Amort was $1.8 million versus $.9 million, so $900,000 last year. The difference was due to the acquisitions and the increased amortization they generate and CapEx for this quarter was about $5.3 million, well within our estimate for the year. In terms of backlog, I think Al referred briefly to this. The backlog does remain over $1 billion which gives us substantial stability and especially in the transit market, it gives us greater visibility in the future. The rolling 12 month backlog, what we expect to execute during the next 12 months compared to last quarter, in this quarter the 12 month backlog is $565 million in total versus $560 million at the end of last quarter, so it grew slightly. The transit number which is the much more significant one was $468 million versus $450 million last quarter, so that grew. And the freight decreased slightly $97 million versus $110 million last quarter. In the multi-year which is executable in the next 12 months as well as in future months, like I said, it was just over $1 billion for both periods. In transit it grew slightly $825 million versus $800 million in the prior period and in freight decreased slightly to about $179 million from $192 million. With that, I'll turn it back to Al and he can give you a quick summary, and we'll do Q&A.
Albert Neupaver: Once again, we had a good performance in a very difficult environment. Like most companies, we continue to face very challenging market conditions and uncertainty due to the economy, and we've updated our sales and earnings guidance as a result. We're fortunate that we have the diverse business model that we have and our transit business is very strong at this point, now more than half of our revenues. The Wabtec performance system provides an established culture for lean manufacturing and continuous improvement and gives us the tools we need to reduce costs and generate cash. We have an experienced management team that is committed to managing proactively and aggressively through these tough times. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: As we look at the numbers for the quarter, and Alvaro I appreciate you talking about the adjustments on the operating numbers. I would assume that the $8.3 million in severance and other costs, was that primarily in the SG&A line?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: No. Actually primarily in cost of sales. And that's when I did the pro forma, adding back the $8.3 million, I went all the way to operating margin so as not to get confused between the cost of sales. But I'd say probably $6 million to $7 million of that $8.3 million is in cost of sales.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: When I think about going down further, and the tax line is a little bit hard to look at this quarter/.
Albert Neupaver: Not for us, the tax line is pretty easy to look at in the quarter.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: Theoretically, yes. I'm all for no taxes whatsoever, but to kind of look at it more normalized, if we adjust for the severance costs and add back the tax benefit, what would the effective tax rate have been in the quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: The severance costs are deductible, so basically what you have to do is add back the effect of clearing up the additional items which was the $9.7 million. And once you do that, then the tax rate should be about 36% to 36.2% I think, in that range which is our normal tax rate.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: I thought it may have been, but I just wanted to ask. Al, as we kind of look out, and it looks with some of these key freight markets in the U.S., it's possible that we could see build rates bottom out in the back half of this year. No telling when they'll start to grow again, but we could see them fall off further from where they're at in Q2.  When you look out to '10 and I'm not asking for you to pin you down to guidance, but if you think about trying to grow earnings next year, what do you think has to take place in the markets that you serve or what could you do internally to accomplish a goal like that?
Albert Neupaver: I think if you look forward, and I think we agree with you that we're going to see in the third and fourth quarter hopefully a bottoming out. There's not much more room for deliveries to go down, so that's going to bottom out. And, we don't know when the recovery is going to be. So what we're doing is, I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're really trying to focus on growth in other areas. We're building platforms in our international arena. We're looking at ways in the freight market to expand some of the things we have to offer.  So global expansion, and I'm only talking about freight now, and I'll talk just a few minutes about transit. We still think we have a lot of opportunities globally. We're just establishing the platform in Brazil. We only just last year established a joint venture in China. Our European acquisition of POLI gives us some opportunity there to look at freight markets, and Australia, a growing presence there. The second part of freight is the new technology. We expect to see some more activity in the technology area, especially the positive train control area. So those are two driving factors for the freight markets, and what we have to assume is that recovery may not be there, and we're going to focus on what we can control, and that's the other opportunities. In transit, we think it's going to be stable at a high pace and hopefully the stimulus money will start generating future contracts that we could take advantage of. That's the North American market, but if you look at an international basis, as I mentioned, we're such a small player in a gigantic market. Those markets, the specific market in Europe is five times the North American market, as it is in China, and we're getting established in those areas and seeing a lot of activity. We're getting our products developed so we can offer braking systems, not just components, and we're going to stay focused on that.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: When you look at the international growth that you see, do you have the corporate management in place to effectively oversee that growth or as you expand geographically, do you needs to expand your management ranks?
Albert Neupaver: I think there has to be an expansion over time, and what we've done is, we've tried to it incrementally. What the corporation does is establish a platform to operate out of either through an acquisition or a green field site. A good example of that is, year's ago we established an after market service business in Australia. Today, that particular business is a key to OEM after market sales and a source of good growth for us. We're going to do the same thing in Brazil. We established the manufacturing site in South Africa, which has led to growth in that particular area. In China, it's a different approach. Every country really, every portion of the world has a different approach and that's what we've been focused on, is getting those platforms in place that we can build from. As the opportunities grow, we can incrementally add the management to do it. Typically you have to start with a key manager in that particular part of the world, and that we've been very focused on getting good people up front that help lead the growth of the various products. We also try to share that platform. We do not go in there with just one product. We'll even offer transit and freight product out of that same platform if it makes sense.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: That's helpful but I guess I was trying to understand, would you have to grow the corporate staff to manage that or can you do that more on a country by country basis?
Albert Neupaver: I think you could do it on a country by country basis. We have a pretty good international team here at corporate. I do not think that we have to add that much corporate costs.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: Can you update us on Standard Car and Truck, where that is and any benefits that you've started to derive from that acquisition?
Albert Newpaver: The integration is totally completed. It's been an excellent integration. The team have done a great job in becoming part of the company. We see tremendous amount of opportunity for that particular business as we've really built it into our OEM rail car business. Obviously the timing of the acquisition was not great. However, the division is performing to our expectations based on the volume. I'll give you an example. Two of their small divisions were recently integrated into one of our operating plants out in Ohio.  Those two divisions had about 50,000 square feet. By applying lean principals, we've got it in a 10,000 square foot new building. It would be a perfect example of lean manufacturing. We just made a recent visit to that plant and we're totally impressed with what the capability was. They have half as many employees with the capacity to produce twice as much product. And I think that's a good example of how we were able to integrate Standard Car and Truck. So we're very pleased. It strategically has done everything that we thought it would do, and it's going to be a lot of fun when the recovery comes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: First question here on the backlog, could you give us an update on where the options stand?
Albert Neupaver: The options are not in the backlog. We have about $125 million of options that we think will be headed our way mostly in the locomotive area.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: How much of that would be dependent upon potential stimulus?
Albert Neupaver: I don't think any of that. If any, just a little bit. Those options are already funded. What we did see is a couple of agencies were able to increase the number of options because they were able to get some stimulus money.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: Number of orders or options?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Number of orders. What I was getting at is, we have seen some cases where they might have ordered X and now they're ordering. It's not really the options of X plus Y because they got a little stimulus. But most of these options, they're with contracts that were executed awhile back and so they're not dependent on stimulus money.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: Following up on the geographical expansion part of the growth strategy longer term, you referenced in prepared remarks about the transit market internationally being substantially larger than the U.S. POLI gives you the toe hold into getting in the braking standard in Europe and now entering into Brazil with the service center, and you're talking about pulling some transit in with freight. As you look at the opportunities to expand the transit business, particularly meeting the braking standards, Europe in particular, what else do you need to do at this point?
Albert Neupaver: It's a matter right now of getting credibility in the market place, establishing an organization that is substantial, that can support our product. You do have to go through testing and in some cases that testing could last up to two years, and many of our products right now are in that testing phase at different stages. It really is building the confidence of the car builders as well as the authorities over there, and that just takes time. We've got a good product. We were able to match the technology that we had at our North American transit division with the POLI organization and now we are offering a full, complete braking system. It's taken us a little over a year to get that into test, but we're moving along at a good pace. It's never fast enough, but it is a process that will result in substantial business into the future.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: On the margin side, gross margin number is you back out the restructuring nearing 30%, that's a pretty impressive number no matter how you cut it, especially with the volume decline, but we see SG&A in terms of absolute dollars relatively flat year over year. I'm just wondering, has there been any sort of structural change in the cost structure with mix of gross margins being higher but SG&A being inherently higher, and as you come out of this downturn, whenever that may occur, what does the margin structure look like for this company?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: You've got at least two questions in there. I'll try to tackle them in order. In terms of SG&A, when you look it flat year over year, it's about $42 million both year over year. But one thing is between Standard Car and Truck and POLI and this is after the reductions that we put in place right now, so it would have been actually higher but that added about $5 million of SG&A. The current period includes $1 million to $2 million of restructuring as well so actually when you do the comparison year to year, between those two factors, SG&A would probably been about $6 million to $7 million higher if we hadn't done our cuts. In terms of what it should be going forward, SG&A is always going to vary. We have a large number of items in there; medical costs, compensation for the entire management team, a number of different items and it's always going to vary some. But I'd say as a run rate, you could probably use somewhere about $4 million give or take going forward.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: With regards to the gross margin aspect?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Gross margin depends very much on mix and freight is our higher mix business and that's the one that's been down, so when you talk about performance and the things that we're honestly pleased with, we've been able to maintain margin in spite really of the mix working against us.  Where we think the margin's going to be in the future, it's tough. The only thing we can say is we're not happy with where we are, and we're going to improve them. That's the constant goal and we're constantly working on that.
Jim Lucas  Janney Montgomery Scott: Any updates on the capital allocation strategy? We saw you bought back some stock, but how are you thinking about the M&A environment these days?
Albert Neupaver: We are seeing a lot less activity than a year ago obviously and some of the things that you do see are more distressed. We're continuing to be opportunistic. We're going to be very disciplined in our approach and as usual, we're always working on something. But there is less activity in that particular arena.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: With the extreme drop in equipment in the second quarter on the class one railroads, what was the freight after market down in the second quarter?
Albert Neupaver: It was probably down around the 20%.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: Are you kind of making that the run rate for the rest of the year, kind of assuming a flat assumption there?
Albert Neupaver: We're assuming that we're bouncing on the bottom right now.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: So you're not really forecasting, I took it as rather bullish comments on some of the equipment coming back onto the rails yesterday from the western railroads.
Albert Neupaver: We saw that and it was encouraging but we're assuming we're bouncing on the bottom.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: Clearly not changing the guidance at this point.
Albert Neupaver: Right
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners: I just want to clear up something. When you say stability in terms of the transit operations, are you looking at revenues to be kind of steady with the first quarter or the first half of the year or are we looking at kind of a year over year comparison. Maybe just explain what stability means.
Albert Neupaver: We're talking year over year, but you also have to realize there's large contracts that you complete one, then there's a little lull before another. There's large shipments in one quarter that isn't in the next. But it is year on year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital.
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital: I want to follow up on the guidance question from before. If you're extrapolating out that kind of recent 20% rail car loading rate, if you start to see sequential increases in the back half, which we have seen over the past couple of weeks, how much of a positive impact would that have on results, or how should we think about the sensitivity of earnings to rail loadings on the freight after market side?
Albert Neupaver: That's exactly why in the guidance we have the range, because you really can't predict. One thing that we're hoping for is, when you have a number of vehicles parked, that once the economy turns and they start bringing this equipment out, hopefully we'll see a little spike. The first thing we're going to see is our after market will pick up and we may see a little bit of a spike there because there may be more work to be done, especially if any cannibalization was taking place while it was in moth balls.
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital: It's been a couple of quarters now that we've had hundreds of thousands of parked cars, presumably there has been some scavenging there. Have you factored that into your thinking with respect to second half '09 production?
Albert Neupaver: All we're doing right now, the assumption is we're bouncing on the bottom.
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital: If that sequential improvement in rail loadings were to continue, and if transit stays flattish and we know the OE side of freight is at very low levels, so it's not going to get a lot worse, and you're going to get presumably traction from your cost activities, why would quarterly results be worse from here, which is kind of what the guidance implies at the midpoint?
Albert Neupaver: Worse than the first quarter?
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital: The first quarter is exceptional, but essentially worse from Q2.
Albert Neupaver: I think it's pretty consistent. Maybe you could follow back up with Tim after the call, but I think it's pretty consistent with the second quarter. You've got to look at operating earnings.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Seasonality, we always do have a little bit of seasonality in the sense that, and in this year especially, seasonality usually occurs during plant shut down, normally planned shut downs in a normal year. So there's only a little bit of seasonality in the third quarter, but I would say overall, the third and fourth quarter, once you factor in the special items that we've mentioned, are relatively consistent with the second.
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital: So if anything, if you saw the rail car loadings start to get better, you would expect some potential upside or may towards the high end of the range just based on the sensitivity of earnings to that specific part of the market.
Albert Neupaver: We don't want to predict it, but we would hope so. That's part of my daily prayer. Keep in mind, it is one factor in the big matrix here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research: Question the transit market, thinking about the mix, 18 months in North America and low in stock. We've had the same budget pressure with all the things going on, but on the positive side you have the stimulus money. Some of that will go into refurb, flat Federal spending and it looks like MBTA may kind of be in a period of declining deliveries coming in the next 18 months. Doesn't that seem like it's going to be flattish market, down, up? What are your thoughts on what we're looking at here in the near term?
Albert Neupaver: There's probably 50 different projects that we're tracking right now, either supplying or quoting on and that's a normal situation in transit. You're going to see some peaks and valleys in some of the projects. The last option was just awarded out of New York City just a few months ago, so that will be the last area there. Actually, for MBTA there could be some good activity for us because there's a possible tender coming out for new locomotives. So you really have to look at each one. The other thing the Obama administration has done to help on the operating side is, they passed a law allowing the 10% of that stimulus money can go toward the operating budgets to relieve some of that pressure. That's bad for rolling stock, but it's probably good that they maintain their service, because with good service, that's how that ridership is going to stay up there.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research: It sounds like kind of almost a wait and see how all this shakes out?
Albert Neupaver: It's a little more than that. I think a lot of the projects that are on the table are going to come to fruition. I think the long term trend in the market is compelling. By that, I think its a very favorable market long term. I mentioned in the text that the House was recommending a new funding. To give you an example, what they're talking about, the proposal they're thinking about would almost double the amount of money that goes to transit. The current bill that's passed, it's about $10 billion a year. What they're recommending is $20 billion over the next six years, each year. They're going to suggest that you get about $10 billion towards high speed rail. That amount of influx into that market place is only good for Wabtec because we're basically a North American supply with content on equipment. Not every project they start, not every stimulus project has to do with Wabtec, but if the transit industry is growing, then we're going to grow with it.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research: If they did do something like that, I would guess a 12 to 24 month horizon before you see a benefit?
Albert Neupaver: That's right. There are a lot of projects that are in the works now but it takes time for some of those projects to come to fruition for us.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research: U.K. refurbishment business, would you care to talk about what's going on over there at this point?
Albert Neupaver: What we're seeing in the U.K. is very similar to what we're seeing here. The freight markets are off drastically. The transit markets are good but somewhat depressed because of the recession and almost years, but it was a later decline that we saw here in the States. They still had some strength in the fourth quarter and even a little bit in the first quarter and the second quarter, they've kind of mirrored the same type of activity as we have here in North America.
Paul Bodnar  Longbow Research: So that transit market still looks pretty steady?
Albert Neupaver: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Jason Rogers  Great Lakes Review]
[Jason Rogers  Great Lakes Review]: I just wondered if you have a number for the equity for the quarter. 
Albert Neupaver: It's about $700 million. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It's very close. Right now on a preliminary basis, it's $703 million.
[Jason Rogers  Great Lakes Review]: I think in the past you might have given a number for the percent of backlog that you expect to roll off over the next year. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: The total backlog is just a little bit over $1 billion and what we expect to roll off over the next 12 months is $565 million, just about 55% to 56%.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan. 
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: I noticed that the expense line dropped off precipitously from Q1, but could you tell us what happened in Q2?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: When you're talking about the expense line dropping off precipitously, are you talking about SG&A?
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: The interest expense line.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We repaid some debt, and in a couple of our foreign locations, we're actually getting slight losses on net of interest income, and we're getting slightly higher interest income in a couple of foreign locations that helped to offset.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: So the Q2 number is kind of a closer place where that will be going?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. If you're trying to model it, we have $150 million of bonds that we're paying 6%, 7% and 8% on, and right now on our debt we're paying about 2.25% to 2.5%. We're pretty pleased with the interest rates we've been able to negotiate on. So everything but $150 million, we're paying about 2.25% to 2.5%. And then interest rates in general on our cash are at about 1%. So if you want to model it like that, that would probably get you in the ball park.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: Did you give us what the debt balance was for the year? 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right now we're about $352 million total debt and cash is $121 million.
Operator: There are no additional questions.
Timothy Wesley: Before we sign off, since we had some trouble with webcast at the beginning, I know we got it working about half way through the call. I just want to give everybody on the line the digital playback instructions for the phone call. The replay will be available an hour after the conference ends, so about an hour from now until August 1. To access that replay, dial 412-317-0088 and then pass code you need would be 466#.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks very much for participating today and we will talk to you again in about three months.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver - President and Chief Executive Officer Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
Analysts: Ryan C. MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Todd Maiden - BB&T Capital Markets Shawn Boyd - Westcliff Capital Management Patrick D. Dugan - Vice President and Controller Bentley Offutt - Offutt Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wabtec First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. An operator will give instructions on how to ask your question at that time. (Operator Instructions). Please note this conference is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, please begin
Timothy R. Wesley: Thanks Camille. Good morning everybody and welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call this morning. I would like to introduce the rest of the Wabtec team who is here: our President and CEO, Al Neupaver; our CFO, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon and our Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. We'll make our prepared remarks as usual and then we will take your questions and we will of course make some forward-looking statements during the call. So please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. With that, I'll turn it over to Al Neupaver, our President and CEO.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks Tim. Good morning everyone. What I'll do as usual is cover the results and our current market conditions including on how we will respond into those conditions. Then I'll talk a little bit about our progress related to our strategic growth initiatives. Alvaro will dive deeper into the financials and then we will go into the Q&A. Given the state of the economy and particularly the freight rail market, Wabtec performed solidly in the first quarter. Our sales were slightly lower than a quarter ago, down at $378 million, a decrease of around a percent. We had good performance in a period of negative GDP and with the North American freight rail market off by double digits. Our first quarter EPS was $0.68. This is $0.02 better than the prior year quarter. Included in these results were some one-time items including a sale of a building and the purchase price accounting charges related to the Standard Car Truck acquisition. All in all, these basically offset each other. The backlog remained over $1 billion for the 12th quarter in a row. I remind you that we achieved this performance in a weak global economy and a very weak U.S. freight rail market. This shows the strength of our diversified business model, that our strategic initiatives are paying off and we continue to benefit from the Wabtec Performance System. Okay, now I'll go into the markets a little bit. We'll start with the transit market. We continue to see a strong transit market. This is being driven by federal funding, including money from the stimulus package and good passenger ridership. The federal transit spending, before you take account for the stimulus dollars, should be up 6% in 2009 to a record $10.3 billion. The current spending bill will run through September 2009. Congress should start debating the new bill later this year. The stimulus package should present additional opportunities as state and local governments sort through their projects and future plans. This package set aside $8.4 billion for public transportation, an additional $1.3 billion for Amtrak. And last week, the Obama administration announced its plan for high-speed rail in the U.S., including an additional $5 billion in funding, about $1 billion a year for the next five years. This is on top of the $8 billion already in the stimulus plan that is designated for high-speed rail. Although we know that this will take many years to develop, it's another long-term positive for the company. Wabtec is in good position to take advantage of this commitment to expand the country's mass transit capabilities. When you look at ridership, ridership was up 2% in the fourth quarter of 2008 and was up 4% for the full year. The results so far this year are a bit mixed. We have statistics from January that show that subway ridership was down 4% in New York City, but yet in Chicago, rail ridership was up 5%. But what is important, there are positive long-term trends in Transit that should continue to drive growth and investment. This is being driven by population growth and urbanization, the long-term concerns about fuel prices and our environment and the desire to reduce our dependence on foreign oil. Looking at the freight rail market, freight rail traffic is off significantly due to the economy. Year-to-date ton miles is down 16% and car loadings are off 17%. Coal represents about half of what railroads carry, and that's only off 5%, if you want to look for some bright spot in the freight rail market. Intermodal traffic is down 16% through the summer months. As expected, railcar deliveries have slowed considerably. Although the first quarter numbers have not been released yet, our best estimate for deliveries are around 6000 cars and there were orders for only a few thousand. We had been expecting deliveries around 30,000 for the year, but now it looks like that number could be as low as 20,000. Remember that our exposure to the new car, OEM car market is no more than 20% of our revenues. It is an important market for us, but not as big of a piece as it used to be. We find the locomotive market also slowing, but not at the same rate. When you consider domestic and international orders for locomotives, we expect it to be down around 25% in 2009. This overall weakness will result in lower than expected sales in the Freight Group for the remainder of the year. We're responding with further cost reduction actions at corporate and in the business units that are impacted. Companywide, we're now targeting annualized cost reductions of about $30 million, with related one-time costs of about $10 million with about $4 million of that taken in 2008. Some of the actions include workforce reduction. In total, that will be around 8% from all levels of the company. There is plant consolidations, mainly in the Freight Group as a result of the Standard Car Truck acquisition and we have a increased emphasis on lean and sourcing activities. Our goal is to balance our continued investment in growth opportunities with the need to take prudent actions that reflect the economic and business realities we face. We believe that we are achieving that balance. Also today, we affirmed our 2009 guidance, EPS of $2.45 to $2.75. We do expect sales to be slightly down for the year based on weaker than expected freight market conditions. Our previous guidance was for sales to be flat to slightly down. We see the year still as a challenge in light of the market conditions and the continued uncertainty in the freight markets. But we think it's achievable as long as the freight market does not weaken further and the transit remains stable. Our focus is on growth in cash. In this poor economic environment, we need to focus on the ability to grow the business long term and preserve our cash position. We will continue to invest in strategic growth opportunities. For example, new products such as positive train control where Wabtec is very well positioned with potential revenues of $200 million to $400 million over the next five to seven years. We continue to invest in global expansion. We just completed a second joint venture in China; this one for breaking and related products. We are also exploring new opportunities in the aftermarket as rail roads and transit authorities consider outsourcing. And we'll be focused on acquisitions such as POLI and Standard Car Truck which further differentiate our product lines and boost our geographic coverage. A little bit on the China JVs. We have now established a presence in China with two joint ventures: Huaxia and Shenyang. Huaxia is a majority owned JV that manufactures friction products, Shenyang is a 50:50 JV to manufacture braking equipment. These are both small investments, but they get us started in a market that is sure to grow in the future. Our second focus is cash. Cash provides the opportunity to invest in these acquisitions and strategic alliances as well as other growth strategies. We are renewing our efforts to increase free cash flow. We are able to generate this cash through cost reductions, driving down working capital and squeezing the capital expenditures. During the quarter, we reduced our debt by $25 million and bought back $7 million worth of stock. Now I will turn it over to Alvaro, a little deeper look at our financials.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks Al and good morning everyone. Welcome to the call. As I think Al mentioned and I'll note again, though, I think we felt we had a good performance this quarter in an increasingly difficult environment. We think that the fact that we are up 3% year-over-year earnings wise is not something we normally brag about. But in this environment, we think that's very positive. In spite of that, though, we do remain cautious about the future. We recognize that the markets out there are very, very difficult; all you have to do is pick up the paper everyday and recognize that. And that's particularly true in the freight market and the general financial community. Given that, to go over the specific results, sales were basically fat... flat. Not too fat, mostly flat, about 1% lower than last year at $378 million. The Transit Group was up slightly year-over-year. This was due mostly to increased sales, resulting from the POLI acquisition. The Freight Group sales were down about 6% as higher sales from the acquisitions were more than offset by lower sales in what we've described as a not very good freight market. Margins, however, were positive. I think a recurring theme of these phone calls is our emphasis on a margin, improving margins, and this is particularly true in this tough environment. For the quarter, operating margin was about 14.7% versus 14.1% last year, which we feel is a commendable performance. A couple of one timers, just for you all to take into account in evaluating the results and then modeling going forward. Expenses, we have talked about purchase price accounting before. And what we call purchase price accounting is what I would say quick turnaround, generally a year or less, of non-cash charges mostly relating to writing up inventory, backlog and other intangibles in an acquisition. Our expenses included a one-time purchase price accounting charge for basically Standard Car and Truck. The POLI PPA is now complete of about $3.4 million. And this was mostly all in cost of sales. And then we also... I think everyone is aware of our downsizing of our Canadian operations, as a result of which we sold one of the properties that we had in Canada and we had a one-time gain from the sale of that property of $2.1 million, and that's in SG&A. So SG&A has been favorably impacted by $2.1 million as a result of this sale and cost of sales negatively impacted by the PPA of Standard Car and Truck of $3.4 million. In regards to other expense categories, I think all the other ones were relatively stable. Interest obviously is higher due to the increased debt for the acquisitions. The effective tax rate is slightly lower, but again, it's moving in the normal range as you would expect. To get down to some of the actual working capital balances and backlog numbers et cetera et cetera that we always disclose. Working capital as compared to December 31, so compared to the end of last year. Receivables were down... I'm sorry receivables were $260 million, down $14 million from the prior balance sheet. Inventories were $253 million, down $11 million. So we have tried to decrease working capital and have been successful somewhat, but we still think we can do better. As a result of the reduced purchasing activities, payables were $126 million, down from $163 million, so down almost $40 million as we reduced again the purchases and other spending. Cash. At March 31, we had $98 million in cash. This was down from $142 million at December 31. Again, we are working down some of the liabilities. We paid off $25 million of our long-term debt; I think Al mentioned that. And we also used about $7 million to repurchase shares during these times that we thought were very attractive prices. A couple of other miscellaneous items. Depreciation, relatively stable, $7 million this quarter versus $6.4 million last year. Amort is increasing slightly because again of acquisition activity. But this amort, I wouldn't call this a one-time item; this results from writing up various intangible assets as a result of an acquisition. But this will be an ongoing number. And I think for modeling purposes you can assume it's going to be relatively stable. Amort for this period was about $1.4 million versus $900,000 last year. And CapEx, stable; again, in this environment, we are watching our CapEx very carefully. It was $3.4 million this quarter versus $3.9 million last year. So in spite of the acquisitions, we are managing to maintain our discipline on CapEx. In terms of backlog, Al referred that we're still over $1 billion; not by much, but we're still over the $1 billion number. The total backlog is $1.01 billion versus $1.06 billion at 12/31/08. Now, I'm comparing that again to the just completed prior quarter. Of this $1.01 billion, $818 million is in Transit and $192 million is in Freight. And then the rolling 12 month backlog, the part of this $1.01 billion that we expect to execute over the next 12 months, is $560 million. And this compares to $566 million again at the end of the prior quarter, 12/31/08. So nothing... no material change there to speak of. And out of that $560 million, $450 million is in Transit and $110 million in Freight. And with that, I think I'm sure we'll have a few questions here and there. But that concludes the financial part of this and I'll turn it over to Al for a quick summary.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. So once again, we had a solid performance in a very difficult environment. Like most companies, we continue to face very challenging market conditions and uncertainty due to the economy. We are fortunate that we have a diverse business model and that our Transit business, a little over half the company now, remains stable at a high level. The Wabtec Performance System provides an established culture of lean manufacturing and continuous improvement and drives that margin improvement, even in tough times. We have an experienced and dedicated management team. And with that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from Ryan MacLean from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go ahead.
Ryan MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott: Good morning. First question, I just want to know what the FX contribution you disclosed for the top line for a second (ph).
Albert Neupaver: The question is what impact did FX have on the top line from a year ago quarter? It was $22 million negative.
Ryan MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott: And just wanted to talk a little bit about within Transit funding. Obviously, federal stimulus dollars are going to be... start flowing more so than we have seen already. And I am just wondering if, in the first quarter, have we seen any of the Transit customers maybe defer some of their spending while they are waiting for the money to start flowing their way, or was it... normally, did sales occur as they normally would?
Albert Neupaver: We saw no deferment of any spending during the first quarter and we actually have never... not seen any of that even last year, Ryan. What you will find is the ongoing approved programs are moving ahead at a pretty good pace and there is a tremendous amount of activity by most of our customers, transit authorities, governments to get in projects that would allow them to be successful in getting some of the stimulus funding.
Ryan MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Shifting over to... on the freight side of the business, you mentioned that you expect the locomotive builds to be down about 25% this year. And I was wondering if you can kind of go into it a little more detail as to how that relates, U.S. versus international, we hear of the --
Albert Neupaver: We expect, Ryan, on the locomotive, we think that the domestic purchase could be down greater than 40%, 50% for the year. But there is still a lot of backlog related to some international purchases. In those cases, it may not be a full locomotive that is shipped and statistics may be a bit confusing. But in our case, we would be setting up a subtype of... a kidding (ph) of the products that we would supply to these various projects. So it still becomes a locomotive build. And that's built into that... when we talk about the 25% decline as we view it. So that may not be consistent with what you would hear about North American locomotive builds.
Ryan MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And finally, on the Standard Car Truck acquisition, I was just wondering if you could give any updates on to... as for the integration of the company so far, if there is any pluses or minuses versus what you expected when you closed the deal.
Albert Neupaver: Well, I can tell you that the integration, and I have been involved in a lot of acquisitions over my career, and I don't know if I've ever had a smoother integration. And that's really a compliment Rick Mathes and the whole Standard Car Truck team. They had an excellent business that they managed extremely well and a lot of things in place. So on the positive side, that has really been a real plus. And we've also... those synergies that we identified early along in the evaluation of the acquisition, they all look like they are achievable, and so that's a positive. The negative obviously is that the market has not been kind in the rail market, and a good percentage of their business is tied to the OEM rail build. But our view of Standard Car Truck is a long-term view and a strategic view. And we feel that by... able to offer a broader range of products to the rail car builders that strategically, we're going to be in a much better position as this market rebounds. And long term, they have some great technology, they have got some great international businesses and their model, their business model is really one that allows us some things to learn from. So all in all, we couldn't be more pleased with the acquisition.
Ryan MacLean - Janney Montgomery Scott: All right, thank you very much.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: Our next question will come from Art Hatfield from Morgan Keegan. Please go ahead.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Good morning. Thanks guys and I will confirm what you all said from the outside. This is a great quarter and congratulations on some good work, Al, Alvaro and everybody else. Hey Al, just kind of your thought process on a couple of things. When you talked about the fact that your expectations for freight car builds have changed and you think it's going to be as opposed to 30,000, closer to 20,000, why don't you change your guidance at that point in time? And if it's because you've got some other things on the hopper such as ability to cut costs elsewhere, can you give us some more specificity on what you can do in that area?
Albert Neupaver: Yeah, obviously, when we put together the original assumptions and guidance of the business and we communicated those to you, things have deteriorated from that. So that car build does have an increased impact, if you look at a drop of 10,000 cars or so, which will have an impact on the sales side. And obviously, we're indicating that now related to those assumptions. Some of the things that we were able to do in the first quarter is that to offset that reduction in sale and the contribution margin impact of that is that we are able to be much more aggressive and successful in some our cost reduction efforts. I'll give you an example. Last year, as you know, we have what we call a lean approach, our Wabtec Performance System. Last year, if you looked at month, we would do maybe 30 to 40 Kaizen events each month. This quarter we were able to do on average 60 Kaizens, which means that every operation in Wabtec did at least two Kaizens per month. And that increased activity, although a Kaizen doesn't necessarily have to result in hundreds of thousands of dollars improvements; it does result in efficiencies, in productivity improvements. And incrementally, that kind of approach helps you get the margin improvement that you are seeing. Now, obviously, there is a lot of factors that go into the performance in addition to our effort on the Wabtec Performance System. We have also really pushed outsourcing product rather than being vertically integrated. We've moved a lot of product as you know from high cost facilities to lower cost platforms we have, like Mexico or even China. We have also really focused on, as the raw materials pricing has come down, we have negotiated a lot harder on our purchases. And where possible, we have tried to utilize as much pricing leverages we could. So all in all, we will see lower sales, but we think that our improved margin improvement, especially in the Transit area where there has been a lot questions over the past year; can we increase margins in the transit area. And we think we can continue to increase those margins and we were successful in doing so a bit in the first quarter. But there is still a lot of factors. Will the mix change next quarter? Will there be other one-time issues that come up? Always will be. So I think that on balance, we feel that this affirmed guidance is... we are comfortable with it.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Right, thank you. That's all I got today.
Albert Neupaver: Okay, thanks Art.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Blumenthal from Emerald Advisors. Please go ahead.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Good morning gentlemen, thank you for a great quarter.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks Scott.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Al or Alvaro, could you give us some insight into the transit margin, which I guess we have learned are historically lower than the freight margins? How close are we to parity there or have we achieved that?
Albert Neupaver: As you know, Scott, we do not give that information out until it's finalized in the... will be the Q. So what I did say and I will repeat is that we have been tremendously focused on those margins because we knew that transit is going to a bigger portion of our business going forward. And we had good success in the quarter in improving those margins in a number of the divisions. And we will continue to stay focused on that and we don't really have a goal. A lot of times we are asked what's your goal. Our goal is to continuously improve. Obviously, volume helps on the way up and it hurts on the way down. So you would imagine that the freight margins would be somewhat eroded whereas the transit margins would have help from the just the volume. But those other items that I talked about are all incrementally contributing as well. Was that as political as I could be?
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: That's pretty good Al, thank you. How much of this... so I guess from here, we can kind of assume that the transit margins are improving and obviously volumes are helping there. But can you attribute any of this to the mix of what you are delivering or possibly your ability to negotiate better transit contracts during kind of a robust booking season last year, year before?
Albert Neupaver: There is one factor that helps us... sorry for the echo. Is everyone hearing that echo? Are you hearing that Scott?
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Just a little.
Albert Neupaver: There is one factor and that is that a lot of the transit projects that we had in the backlog that we've had for a while, obviously, as the learning of producing those particular products over time allows us to really apply productivity improvements. When you look at our Performance System, it's really about not just accepting necessarily margin on a project, but continually apply measures in order to increase that margin over time. Some of these projects last... were towards the back-end of them, we do get the advantage of that experience.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay. Alvaro, could you give us a gauge I guess based upon the current guidance as to where you expect debt at the end of the year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I would say obviously, it all depends... one of our big emphasis this year is working capital reduction and cash generation. We feel that in declining markets, you should at least be able to accomplish that. We have done it in the past and we don't see any reason why we can't do it right now. Generally, we have a target. I think our overall target when we set the budget of operating cash flow was about 125, 130 million. We would like to exceed that target by year end. But that's our target right now. Now, how much of that we'd use for debt reduction? We could use some of that for acquisitions, we could use some of that for stock repurchases, we could use some of that for debt reduction. It really depends on the circumstances that present themselves throughout the year. But in general, that's our cash target, which we hope to exceed, to be perfectly honest. If we have management out there listening, I'll throw that gauntlet out to our managers as well. But again, it all depends how we use that cash on the circumstances that occur throughout the year.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: And at this point currently, your priorities for the use of that would be?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think Al intimated this, but obviously, what we want to do is continue our growth strategy. We do want to continue to invest in our various growth strategies as we go forward. That includes CapEx, that includes internal growth projects, that would include acquisitions. But again, it does include stock buybacks. And in terms of debt, right now, we're at about one-time EBITDA debt net of cash. And we feel that's a very, very manageable position. So I would say we would invest in the other factors first, for example, if a particularly good acquisition presents itself, we would invest in that and probably debt reduction, we use excess cash for that.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, that's really helpful. And one more, if I may. Al, how much of last month's New York City subway order do you expect to kind of get through the pipeline this year, if any?
Albert Neupaver: Most of that's going to be delivered 2010, 2011.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay. Terrific, thank you.
Albert Neupaver: Alright, thank you Scott.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kristine Kubacki from Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Good morning.
Albert Neupaver: Good morning, Kristine.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Great quarter. I can't say that about my hockey team, but on with my question. With the recent joint ventures that you announced, can you talk about any issues as you ramp up there and are you approaching any other areas there, transit in China?
Albert Neupaver: There is no issues as far as ramping up. We've really been working on these for quite a while. We finally got to the point on the Shenyang joint venture that the company is actually operating. We had really signed agreements last fall. But the time it went through all the government procedures and approvals, it just took a while and the JV is actually operating now and we have a GM in place and it seems to be going smooth. The one thing about that particular joint venture is their market... we were just over there last week and their market is slow as well. They have a number of rail cars and locomotives parked. The only difference is they seem to be continuing to order rail cars even as they have them parked. So the business seems to be moving forward. But they do have a freight slowdown. And as you know, they have a tremendous amount of stimulus money themselves in the infrastructure for both transit and freight planned. The friction joint venture is operating extremely well. We have a lot of opportunity for growth. This is a... Huaxia was a company that our beckeret (ph) division had worked with for a number of years and it supplied products into that market. So this was just a further progression of taking this business forward. Both of these are not large right now, but we really look forward to growth in the future. We are working on JVs in the transit area right now, but I don't have anything I can report on.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. In terms of transit in the U.S., I would tell you the statistics are a little bit confusing as ridership continues to be pretty healthy, but operating budgets are under duress. Can you highlight the impacts in short and long term on your transit business?
Albert Neupaver: I think it's really something that the local transit authorities and our governments are going to have to resolve. As you all have seen, the tremendous interest in transit because of the reasons I talked about in the prepared text. It is a very hot item, it is a very important item. And one of the thing that really could hamper the particular growth in the transit area is the fact that the operating budgets are under stress everywhere. And a lot of this has been caused by the recession, yet the ridership is there. And hopefully they can resolve it because the real concern that I personally have is that I can see where if the service declines, then people will get discouraged with it and the ridership will be down. I mean the nice thing so far is if you look at the price of fuel when it declined, you would have thought that ridership would go down proportionally, and that's not what's happening. So I think the service is critical to maintain that ridership and our job is to continue to supply and offer the technology that will help them do that.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Are you seeing any impacts on the aftermarket business in transit specifically? And then as you as the focus on capital spending by several funds is increasing and you're seeing those dollars start to flow, will that have a one-to-one kind of impact as that installed base gets bigger on your transit aftermarket?
Albert Neupaver: We haven't seen any impact on the transit market. It's still... that capital really hasn't started flowing yet. We have seen a few projects that are a result of this, but the flow is... there is really a lot of positioning right now for projects and the money. That we do see.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. Any impact on the aftermarket though from transit projects (ph)
Albert Neupaver: No, we're not seeing it right now.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. And then my last question, with your decision to repurchase shares in the quarter, can I infer that that was a result of... or reflects a lack of attractive acquisitions? And are you expecting any maybe distressed sellers to enter the market the longer this freight downturn continues?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Well in regards to the first question, I would say absolutely not., I mean, actually, I did the math earlier. And if you look in the press release, I think we bought 290,000 shares for $7 million and that's an actual average price of about... it's under $25. So that's obviously very attractive. And I don't know if you are aware of this, but we probably had an active ongoing share repurchase program for over, I'd say, a year, or probably closer to two years. And the one benefit we have given our capital structure and given our ability to generate cash is that we can really do both, that we can maintain an active share repurchase program and repurchase shares particularly to offset dilution from the issuance and exercise of stock options and still leave plenty of flexibility for acquisitions. Like I said earlier, our debt to EBITDA is about one or even a little bit less and we have plenty available under our line of credit. So I still think we have substantial flexibility for acquisitions.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay, thank you very much. Great quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review, please go ahead.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Yes, good morning.
Albert Neupaver: Good Morning, Greg.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: I didn't hear a figure provided on the equity or estimated equity number at 331. Did you provide that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: You mean our estimated shareholders equity?
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Yes.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Again, our balance sheet it subject to reclass, so when we give you a number, we are happy to give you a number, but just be aware that it is subject to adjustment until we issue the Q. But total shareholders equity should be somewhere in the range of about 660 million.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: 660, okay. And how much did Standard Car Truck add to your backlog?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Let's see, if I have backlog data here. I think overall, not too significantly, but... give me two seconds to look it up here. It looks like it's about 12 million per --
Unidentified Analyst: Are you going to add the other --
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: About 15, including --
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. So relatively minimal.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Relatively minimal. Again, the freight units tend to have relatively minimal backlog. That's typically done through POs and other relatively quick ordering mechanisms. Most of the backlog historically and certainly through right now will be in transit. One thing, I was going to mention this earlier; I didn't want to interrupt Al. Those of you that have visited us in Wilmerding know that we are right next to a freight rail line. And you will get occasional background noise from the freight trains. It does... it can disrupt a conference call. That's right now, to be honest, that's a welcome sign and we like it. But I apologize for the occasional background noise here.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And have you seen any cancellations in the backlog on the transit side specifically?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: When we book backlog, its' basically firm backlog. I mean it's a binding obligation. And so you rarely see cancellations in our backlog. You'll see deferrals. And it's typically true with transit contracts that a passenger transit car is a relatively complex system and one or two vendors can throw off the timing. So you'll see deferrals, but rarely will you see a cancellation.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And the same questions, but on revenue of how much Standard Car and POLI added to your revenue in the quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure.
Albert Neupaver: I can give you that. I mean together, the acquisitions added 39 million, 33 Standard Car Truck, 6 or 7 for POLI.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, great. And I think, Alvaro, you talked about the tax rate. Should we assume it should be around 36% for the full year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think this year was probably... what happens is, not to get into too technical a discussion, but we have to adopt an accounting standard called FIN 48, again about a year and a half two years ago. And that can add some volatility. It's very conservative, basically a bit of accounting regulation. And that can add some volatility to your tax rate. I think probably this quarter, we were probably a little under what we normally expect. I would say for the tax for the year, you can do it somewhere around 36.5. But it's going to be somewhere between 36 to 37 depending on how issues can turn out.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And one...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: But basically, we would expect it someone in that range.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And one last quick one. Your other income was about $400,000 versus other expense last year of about $400,000 for about an $800,000 swing. Any commentary relative to that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Not really. That's typically not a very significant item. Probably the most significant element of that line item is paper and it is paper, it's non-cash, foreign exchange gains and losses arising from inter company balances. And what we try and do to be honest is minimize that by paying off the inter company balances as quickly as possible. But obviously, the cross border transactions occur and well, you try and minimize it, you will have some minor gains and losses there occasionally. But it's nothing significant (ph).
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, thank you. And congrats again on a good quarter, coming from a city with a good basketball team in Cleveland.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: There you go.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks Greg.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We are a little disappointed that we didn't get to the final four, but we'll take it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning.
Albert Neupaver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I heard the revenue contribution from Standard Car Truck, but can you talk about where the margins came in for that company and... or maybe just talk about it kind of directionally relative to the legacy freight business?
Albert Neupaver: We don't necessarily give out specific margins on any particular division. I can tell you that it's running very close to what you would expect from our other freight businesses. It was a little lower at the acquisition. We were able to improve some of the margins related to the synergies, but it is not anywhere extreme in either direction. The only impact is that... and that's all before purchase price accounting and some of the charges we are taking. So we are very pleased where we are at with it.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And can you talk about, I think you had mentioned you use pricing leverage where you could. But did you have positive pricing in the quarter on either freight or transit or negative, or can you just talk about pricing?
Albert Neupaver: I think it was generally neutral. We had a lot of pressure to reduce and there were a few incidences where we had some ability to increase. Most of those were contractuals.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So when I think about the margin expansion that you got, which was impressive and you talked about outsourcing, pushing to low-cost areas, bringing raw materials down, what was really the big driver there in terms of cost reduction?
Albert Neupaver: It's really a lot of factors and there is no one thing. And that's I think key to continuous improvement in the lean philosophy is that you just do a lot a little things. When I was talking about the Kaizen, in some Kaizens, when we visit... we try to visit every operation when we go there. They are going to give... they have to give a presentation on two Kaizen that they did in the last month. And amazingly enough, some of these Kaizens only result in a few thousand dollar savings, others are larger. So it's a lot a little things that continually add up over time and it's the same with all of our approaches.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So given the things that are in your control, is there anything that occurred in the quarter that shouldn't be sustainable?
Albert Neupaver: Well we obviously won't sell... we can't sell buildings every quarter.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Well, right. But in terms... I mean you got... the margin expansion on the operating line didn't come from selling a building. So I'm talking about from the pure blocking and tackling and the benefit that you got in terms of the 60 BPs of operating margin expansion year-over-year.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Steve, just one thing, not to interrupt, but I don't want to create a misimpression here. The gain from way the accountants basically do it. The gain from the salability was a reduction of SG&A. So the gain from that was did benefit our operating margins. Now offsetting that was the costs is going to go away from purchase price accounting while PPA on from Standard Car Truck, which is the cost of sales, but I just didn't want to leave the impression that the salability was in others or something like that, because it is in SG&A.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Were those two things generally a push?
Albert Neupaver: That's generally a push and there were some other one times and that's what we're seeing. There is no one-time. Now your real question is the sustainability of margins.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right.
Albert Neupaver: And I think you have to study history a little bit. You'll see from quarter-to-quarter margins do fluctuate dependent on a closing of a project, and we have a lot of large transient projects, the mix of our product. So I think if you look at last years margin tranquil you see that the first quarter I think might have been our best quarter or close to it. Pat will verify that as we are sitting here. It does fluctuate and especially between transient freight, so you have to look at it over the long run. What we try to do is show that the trend that we're continuously improving at operating income over a longer period of time. And that's what's we're focused on. Now are we going to be able to deliver 14.8 or whatever the number was consistently and continue to improve on it? It's got to be on average. There is a lot of factors involved in it. We think that we have a good control of our business and we want to continuously improve. But there are fluctuations and a lot of factors that go into it. Was I right at that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah, that (inaudible) the first quarter.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Kind of switching gears for a second, China recently placed an order for 100 high speed locomotives. Obviously, there is lot of good positive talk about high speed rail. Can you talk about may be your content per car or locomotive on a high speed system when those start to come through?
Albert Neupaver: There is a lot of definition to high speed that you have to start with. When we talk about high speed in the U.S., there has been a lot of reference to 110 miles per hour. When you talk about high speed in Europe and other part of the world, you're talking about 300 kilometers or I think it's a 187 miles per hour or more. The acquisition of POLI and European technology is really designed to address that high speed market. And we have a product that is on those particular rolling stock now. When you look at a speed of 110 miles per hour, that's... our locomotives that we build out in Boise could be converted or made to reach that. So that's the extreme that we are talking about and I don't think it's clear now. I know there is some talk that they want the super high speed versus the 110 in some places, but I'm not sure that's clear yet. The answer to your question is any expansion of transit or freight business in the world helps us. And we're going to be part of it. And that's really been our thrust with some of our acquisitions to get better positioned to compete in Europe, because the European technology, as we've talked about before, is the technology that's primarily gone to Asia along with the Japanese technology that we've been working with. So that's been our focus and will continue to be.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: All right, thanks very much. Nice job, gentlemen.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tom Maiden (sic) [Todd Maiden] from BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Maiden - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you. Hey guys, nice quarter. Just wanted to hone in --
Albert Neupaver: Have you changed your name to Tom or it's still Todd?
Todd Maiden - BB&T Capital Markets: No, it's Tom now. Just wanted to hone in a little bit on acquisitions, I know typically, you give us a little bit of color quarter-to-quarter on what the pipeline looks like. And we talked around it a little bit on this call, pretty much covered everything else I wanted to talk about. But I wanted to hone in on this a little bit. In the past, you've kind of tipped us off to various things, certainly the JVs in China, that sort of stuff. Last quarter you mentioned the pipeline was not that robust and you didn't really think that multiples and valuations were in line. Is that... has that continued? Is that what you are seeing still and are you thinking it will probably be more the JV route rather than outright acquisitions or any color you can give me there?
Albert Neupaver: The activity related to acquisitions is, in our case, we're seeing less activity; that's a fact. However, we are evaluating and continue to evaluate acquisitions. And we're going to be opportunistic. At this particular time, doing acquisitions are extremely hard because everything is a moving target. I think everyone on this phone realizes, because some of the businesses... no business is stable in this kind of economy. So that said, we are still aggressively pursuing opportunities. We have some opportunities we're evaluating. And we'll continue to be opportunistic going forward, especially with those that are extremely strategic like Standard Car Truck and the POLI acquisition and Ricon.
Todd Maiden - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And any thought about moving maybe outside of freight or transit? You have the heat exchanger business. I mean if you saw something like that where you felt like it would tuck in pretty nicely that maybe wasn't really part of the bulk of your business, is that something you would do?
Albert Neupaver: We would have to have obviously the core competency to do it without distracting the management. And we do have about 10% of our business is outside of the rail. We think that that could possibly grow as long as it's not a distraction. Right now, being in the rail business, at least the transit rail business, is a good business to be in, not so much the freights. But we look at it long term and we think that having some of our businesses on some of our competencies, our core competencies and adjacencies makes sense and we'll continue to look at that and again we will continue to be opportunistic.
Todd Maiden - BB&T Capital Markets: Alright, great. Thanks a lot. Again, nice quarter guys.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks Todd.
Operator: My apologies, Todd.
Todd Maiden - BB&T Capital Markets: That's all right.
Operator: Our question will come from Shawn Boyd from Westcliff Capital Management.
Shawn Boyd - Westcliff Capital Management: That's all right. I have just got a couple of follow ups here if I could. On the organic growth in freight, we mentioned 39 million from acquisitions. What is the actual year-over-year change, just the organic growth in freight revenues?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: After adjusting for everything, we are probably down 20%.
Unidentified Analyst: Did that include the FX?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: FX impact and the acquisitions, probably 20%.
Albert Neupaver: Again, what we do just not to create is we'll take each individual operating unit and we probably have about 25 to 30 different operating units and we'll segregate their sales between transit and sales. The 39 million you quoted was for both POLI, which was transit and Standard Car and Truck, which is freight. So if you doing a freight to transit distinction, the acquisition effect was only about 32. Again, it's a minor amount, but it sounds like you are trying to model something, so at least we get it right.
Shawn Boyd - Westcliff Capital Management: Understood, appreciate that. Yes, 32 and 7 from POLI. Okay. And also on the... thinking about in freight and looking at that 12 month backlog, we've had two quarters now of pretty good step downs to this $110 million level on the 12 month backlog in freight. Where... swing forward a little bit, how far out... how far do you see that dropping and how far out in time is it? A quarter, a couple of quarters? Can you help us on both of those?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'll tell you, I will be very honest. Freight is not a backlog-driven business. And when we look at the strength of our freight business, there are certain factors we look at. We look at car loadings, we look at revenue ton miles, we look at car builds, we look at other aftermarket activity. But freight backlog to us, we disclose it because it's something that I think you guys like to keep track of. But it's not anything that I would rely on to indicate the strength or the weakness of the freight market.
Shawn Boyd - Westcliff Capital Management: Okay. So it's more important as a --
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: The way we look it if you want to look at the strength of the freight market take a look at traffic which again revenue tom-miles and car loadings. Take a look at car bills, try and gauze how many if any cars are parked etcetera-etcetera. Those are really indicative of what the future market is going to be like in freight rather backlog.
Albert Neupaver: I think if you were to try to analyze the backlog the one thing you would notice is that the percentage in the 12 month category a year ago, it would have been 70:30 transit to freight, now it's 80:20. So you see the impact of it a lower market.
Shawn Boyd - Westcliff Capital Management: Right. Okay, it's helpful. One other question is on transit. The guidance that you've given today. I'm wondering within transit how much of that is based on kind of eluding to your earlier question, your earlier point about freight not been backlog driven. Is some of that guidance also not backlog driven. Is it the line (ph) upon terms versus book-to-business and transit?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I mean there is a certain element of the transit business that is not backlog driven. I'll give you two and its mostly after market. For example operations (ph) that's not backlog driven, and friction is a meaningful portion of our entire business. When they're products, when they were repair services overhaul the parts et cetera et cetera. For us that's a key portion of our business. That doesn't tend to be backlog driven, but again the key to that is that in most jurisdictions ridership is tabled up and that they need to keep the cars and did repair the service of that ridership.
Shawn Boyd - Westcliff Capital Management: what I am wondering here is, in terms of the drivers in transit, you mentioned of the front rider ship you also mentioned there are several transits standing (ph) up pre-stimulus not substantially 6% this year and then the stimulus spend in your guidance for '09 on trend. Are you facing that on existing ridership and the existing budget on transit or is there any additions.
Albert Neupaver: Our guidance is based on the transit market remaining at its level it's at.
Shawn Boyd - Westcliff Capital Management: Okay, okay. Thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Nerin (ph) from Matrix Capital Group. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, gentlemen. I was wondering if you can go back to the backlog figures you gave us earlier and tell us what the transit and freight backlog was at this time last year.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Last year, see typically, what people are looking for is how to compare the prior quarter --
Albert Neupaver: Actually I would have to leave the room to get the information. I could tell you the last year that it was about $1 billion. This is, don't think it as exact. It was about a $1 billion and this is my reference to 70: 30 versus 80:20, because I did look at this before I come in and it was 70% of the billion was transit and 30% of the first 12 months was freight and the first 12 was the basically the same which is about 55%. So if you look at the 12 month and the next rolling 12 month, it was about the same level. The only difference was that 70% of it was transit and 30 was freight, now it's 80:20.
Timothy Wesley: Steve, this is Tim Wesley. If you want to give me a call after the call, I get you the numbers exactly.
Unidentified Analyst: That would be great. Also, can give us a pro forma number on the first quarter on the top line with Standard Car from last year, just to kind of compare apples and apples?
Albert Neupaver: Some of that... go ahead, Pat.
Patrick Dugan - Vice President and Controller: Well there is an 8-K out there that does the pro forma financial. It may not necessarily do it as in the quarter, but we have disclosed year information that would have SCT rolled into it.
Unidentified Analyst: But not for the quarter?
Albert Neupaver: No.
Patrick Dugan - Vice President and Controller: Not for the quarter. But on that one, to be honest, I would like to leave everyone... the backlog information I don't think is that material, to be honest, not that critical. But when you're talking about 8-Ks and disclosures, I would like just to refer everyone to the 8-K and leave that as a basic point of reference.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Also, you mentioned that the locomotive market do you expected of course we've heard about locomotive sitting on the sidelines, that it could be down as much as 50% in United States, like you said you only expect that your total business can be down 25%. What percentages over season... how much do you think that's going to grow?
Albert Neupaver: These are orders that have been filled out of the backlog, so I said 40%, not 50 but --
Unidentified Analyst: You said 40 to 50.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. So, I mean the 25% is where we see it. So there is quite a bit of orders rate now that are going international that we're going to see. I don't know, I don't really understand your... what specifically you're asking?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: One way to answer it is, basically the annual output of locomotives, it's somewhere plus or minus few 100, is plus or minus 1300. So if you want to take 25% of that 1300 and say those are international this year rather than domestic last year I think that might put you on the track to answer your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you, okay. Thank you very much.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Your welcome, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bentley Offutt from Offutt Securities. Please go ahead.
Bentley Offutt - Offutt Securities: Very good, thank you. Good morning Al and good morning Alvaro.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Good morning.
Bentley Offutt - Offutt Securities: Question relating, I think Al said earlier that the estimate now is that the positive train control over the next five to seven years will be somewhere between 200 million to 400 million. And I was wondering is this a stretching out of the opportunity that you see because of the current problems within the freight rail industry, or is this pretty much in line with what you are thinking has been?
Albert Neupaver: It's petty much what our thinking has been. What we've seen is that the class was (ph) because of the economy has not been ordering the capital type equipment that we would have liked to see right now, and the reason why the delay is not because of lack of commitment to positive train control, is that there is a few things that have to come clear. One is there is still a tremendous amount of work around in operability and key to that is the communications is a hand help communication system that has not been finalized, also is that the FRA not come out with all the requirements that are going to pertain to the positive train control system. And until those particular requirements are out and understood there is a little bit of reluctance to go too far. But that's all going to happen this year. We don't expect a lot of revenues to flow this year because of this, but I think 2010 and beyond you will start seeing it ramp up nicely.
Bentley Offutt - Offutt Securities: Okay, that sounds good. And EC pay, has there been anything going on as far as that particular opportunity?
Albert Neupaver: It's still being... there is trial programs of our product on a, what we call, a unit train from the Powder River Basin down to Alabama and they are still analyzing the data and there is pilots in a few of the other railroads going on as well. So there is still a bit of analyzing it. I think that again the economy is probably hurt the implementation. And we see this is a longer term technology being excepted because of the cost and there is a lot of things that need to be ironed out of, who pays for, who gets the benefit out. The benefit's there, can the benefits be obtained partially by other methods? So I think that's a much longer... it's a bigger opportunity, but it's a much longer one.
Bentley Offutt - Offutt Securities: Are there any opportunities that you see, going back to positive train control when we were...I guess it was a couple years ago where you had the program over in Wallaceburg (ph) at your facility there. And you were talking about accessory type business other than just putting the information into the locomotives and other opportunities related to communication equipment et cetera. Is there... do you see an opportunity there for Wabtec?
Albert Neupaver: Yeah, we do. And we have expanded our product offerings, we now are involved in dispatch systems, so other communication items. We view it as opportunity, but we want to make sure that we have the right technology in the product and a lot of the interfaces with our positive train control system does give us growth opportunities.
Bentley Offutt - Offutt Securities: Very good, thank you.
Albert Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Al Neupaver.
Albert Neupaver: Okay, well, if there is no other questions, we'll talk to you again in a quarter. Thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: All right, thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wesley - VP of IR and Corporate Communications Al Neupaver - President and CEO Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - SVP and CFO Pat Dugan - VP of Finance and Corporate Controller
Analysts: Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott Wendy Caplan - Wachovia John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners Mark Bishop - Boston Company
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Wabtec fourth quarter 2008 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). Now, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley. Mr. Wesley, you may begin.
Timothy Wesley: Thanks, Chad. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings conference call today. I'd like to introduce the rest of the Wabtec team who are here: our President and CEO, Al Neupaver; our CFO, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon; and our Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. We will make some prepared remarks, as usual, and then we will be happy to take your questions. We are going to make some forward-looking statements, of course, during the call, so we ask that you review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. And with that, I will turn it over to Al Neupaver, our President and CEO.
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. What I'm going to cover is the results from our fourth quarter and the full year. We will look at some current market conditions, including our response to these conditions. We'll talk about the progress we made on our strategic initiatives. Alvaro will go a little deeper into our financial numbers, and then I will summarize and go into the Q&A. The company performed well in the fourth quarter and for the year. We had strong sales increase, about 11% to a record $405 million. For the year, we hit $1.58 billion in revenues that was a 16% increase. Our earnings per share in the fourth quarter was $0.64, that was 10% higher than a year ago quarter. For the year, we had $2.67, a 20% increase over '07. The backlog remained over a $1 billion at the end of the year, even with record sales. That's the 11th quarter in a row we have maintained over a $1 billion backlog. We had a great cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter of $82 million, and for the year, we were able to generate cash of $159 million. Keep in mind that this performance was achieved in a weakening global economy and a very weak US freight market. I think that this shows the strength of our diversified business model, that our strategic initiatives are paying off and we continue to benefit from the Wabtec performance system. What I'd like to do is go into the market conditions right now. For the first time since I have been here, I am going to start with transits, since it was more than 50% of our sales in the quarter and the year. We continue to see a strong transit market, driven by passenger ridership and federal funding, including future money from the stimulus package. Federal transit spending was up 6% in 2009, to a record $10.3 billion. The current spending bill runs through September '09. Congress will start debating a new bill later this year. Additive to this spending bill is the stimulus package that should present additional opportunities. I'll talk a little bit more about that in a few minutes. Ridership continues to increase across the US, even as the price of fuel has come down. It was up 6.5% in the third quarter, the largest quarterly increase in 25 years, setting records in some cities. We understand that that trend continued into the fourth quarter. Positive long-term trends in transit should continue to drive growth in investment. This is a compelling market, being driven by population growth, urbanization, long-term concerns about fuel prices and availability, as well as the environment. International transit markets are much larger than those in the US, and our market shares are very small at this time. So, we expect faster growth in these overseas markets. Let's talk a little bit about the stimulus package. Of the $789 billion, up to $20 billion could impact the transit market; $8.4 billion for public transportation; $8 billion for high speed rail. It allocated $1.3 billion just for Amtrak; and $1.5 billion for discretionary intermodal projects, possibly freight and passenger rail. We should see opportunities from each of these buckets. Three quarters of this money must be spent by September 2010. Favor will be granted to projects that can be started quickly. Wabtec could benefit as transit authorities exercise option orders and/or accelerate projects, but remember, there has always been and will continue to be a long-lead time in the transit market. A not so good story is the freight rail market. Rail traffic is up significantly, due to the economy. Year-to-date ton-miles are down 15% and car-loadings are up 16%. The decline did moderate in the most recent weeks, so we will take that as a first bit of good news in a while, but too soon to call a trend. Most people seem to think the traffic will be down as much as 5% this year, as comparisons do get easier in the second half of the year. As expected, railcar deliveries have slowed considerably. There was delivery of about 60,000 railcars in 2008. Most people estimate that, in 2009, it will show at least a reduction of 50%. It may get worse before it gets better; we can't predict when it will start to recover. Remember that our exposure to the new railcar market is about 20% of sales. It's an important market for us, but not the biggest piece, as it was a few years ago. The locomotive market is also slowing, but not at the same rate. About 1500 locomotives were built in 2008. It's expected to be 25% lower in 2009. We have responded to these market conditions, with cost reductions in several of our business units and at the corporate headquarters. Companywide annualized cost reductions of about $25 million with related one-time cost of $8 million, half of which were taken in 2008. These actions include a workforce reduction of about 5% from all levels of the company and plant consolidations, mainly in the Freight Group as a result of the Standard Car Truck acquisition. There is an increased emphasis on lean and sourcing activities. Our goal is to take prudent actions that reflect the economic and business realities we face, while continuing to invest in growth opportunities, and I believe that we are achieving that balance. Today, too, we affirm our 2009 guidance for earnings per share of between $2.45 and $2.75. This is challenging, in light of the market conditions and the continued economic uncertainty. I'd like to review our major assumptions, which are critical to this guidance. The global economy does not weaken further. Our transit market remains stable with no negative impact from state and local budget issues. Freight ton-miles down about 5% for the year, the freight car build at about half of last year's 60,000, the locomotive build down about 25% from last year, and no major changes from current foreign exchange rates. In this environment, we are going be focusing on two things, growth and cash. We will continue to invest in strategic growth opportunities. New products, such as positive train control, where momentum is building and Wabtec is very well positioned, potential revenues are $200 million to $400 million over the next five years. I am going to stay focused on global expansion. We just completed a JV in China for friction products and are working on another one for braking other freight products. There will be new opportunities in the aftermarket, as railroads and transit authorities look to outsource. We're looking for acquisitions, similar to POLI and Standard Car Truck that would further differentiate our product lines and boost our geographic coverage. In December, we completed the Standard Car Truck acquisition, a leading manufacturer of freight car and locomotive components. About 30% of their sales are aftermarket and about 15% outside of NAFTA. This is a very strategic acquisition that eventually leads to our ability to provide a complete railcar undercarriage. Our combined knowledge of in-train braking forces and design capabilities gives us the opportunity to advance stabilization technology for the industry. Improved stabilization means less damage to the lading. The integration is going extremely well, with our focus on achieving synergies from the acquisition. Second focus, is "cash is king". Cash provides the opportunity to invest in acquisitions and growth strategies, where we're renewing our efforts to increase free cash generation. This year, we generated $150 million in cash from operations; that was after hitting $143 in 2007 and $151 million in 2006. What I like to do now is ask Alvaro, our cash king, to dig in a little deeper into our financials.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, Al, and good morning, everyone. Like Al said, we feel we had a good quarter, and we know it's an increasingly difficult environment. We do realize that your main concern regards the future, but right now, we remain cautiously optimistic, recognizing that we face challenges with the current freight market and general uncertainty in the economy, but, at least for the moment, to review the financial highlights for the prior quarter. Sales were about 11% higher than last year, and hit a record $405 million. About a third of this came from acquisitions; the balance came from organic growth. For the year, about $65 million of growth came from acquisitions, primarily Standard Car Truck, POLI and Ricon, which we bought about a year and a half ago. So, organic growth represented about two thirds of the total growth in 2008. Going back to the fourth quarter, the Transit Group led the way with a strong increase, due mainly to increased sales of transit car components in North America and the POLI acquisition. Freight group's sales, however, were also higher than the year ago quarter, as acquisitions, and higher sales and services, and electronics more than offset lower sales of components for new freight cars. Margins, as you know, we're always focused on driving margins higher, with particular attention on the operating margin, mix can have a very significant effect on gross margin, so we tend to focus on operating margins. We think the results for the quarter reflected a good performance, considering that mix change toward transit. For the quarter, the margins were about 12.4% versus 12.5% last year, as a percent of sales operating expenses were slightly lower though, at 13.7% versus 13.9% of sales. We do have, we've discussed this in prior phone calls, and it does impact the margins and the overall expenses, what we call PPA charges for SET and POLI in the quarter. These are short-term paper write-offs of acquisition costs mainly related to inventory and backlog. For the quarter, these totaled about $4 million, or about 1% of sales. That total split roughly evenly between cost of sales and SG&A, and we expect about a slightly higher amount for '09, that's about $5 million to $5.5 million. The other major items of the income statement, interest was higher due to increased debt incurred for the Standard Car and Truck acquisition. Taxes, essentially the same as the prior quarter and pretty much consistent with prior experience. That pretty much wraps up the income statement. I think apart from the acquisitions, it was a very straight forward quarter and in line with prior quarters. To turn to the balance sheet. Working capital compared to our September 30 balances. Receivables were about $274 million, they were down about $25 million from the prior quarter again September 30 and, if you include Standard Car and Truck balances, are actually down $52 million. So, we did a good job concentrating on receivables and we continue to focus on receivables. Inventories were $264 million, about $41 million higher than the prior quarter, but this was entirely due to Standard Car and Truck, if not for Standard Car and Truck, they would have remained flat. Our payables were $163 million, up about $8 million. There is always room for improvement in working capital, but we thought we did a good job in wrapping up the year and, as Al says, thats a key component of generating cash for us. Speaking of cash at year end, we had $142 million in cash. This was down from $187 million at September 30, because we used some of those balances for the Standard Car and Truck acquisitions. Cash for the quarter from operations was about $82 million and, as Al said earlier, about $159 million for the year. To give you a few numbers, Ill read of the numbers as we always do during the call. Depreciation was $6.2 million, versus $6.4 million last year. Amort was about $1.6 million this quarter, versus $1.5 million last year, and CapEx was about $7.2 million, versus $7.5 million last year. In terms of backlog, Al referred to backlog briefly. It remains over $1 billion, in spite of the record sales during the quarter. It has remained over $1 billion for 11 straight quarters, which I think for us is a key to our stability going forward. The rolling 12 month backlog compared to September 30th. So, this is a backlog that we expect to execute over the next 12 months. It totaled $567 million, versus $627 million at 9/30, so it's down slightly by about $60 million, and this is mostly due to freight. In the freight, it was $191 million at 9/30; now its $149. And transit decreased just slightly  about $436 million as of September 30th, and now it stands about $417 million. The multi-year backlog, the total backlog, which includes the 12 month numbers, stands in total about $1.06 billion, versus $1.15 billion at 9/30. Freight again down slightly, not as much as you would expect. $224 million on September 30th, now it's about $198 million. Transit was at $922 million; now it's $865 million. Hopefully, that covers all the other numbers that we cover specifically in the call. And with that, I will turn it back to Al for a quick summary.
Al Neupaver: Hey, once again, we had a strong performance with a $0.64 quarter, record sales and a strong backlog. Like most companies, we face a very challenging market and continued uncertainty due to the economy. It's very fortunate that we have a diverse business model in our transit business; about half of our company now remained stable at a high level. The Wabtec performance system provides an established culture of lean manufacturing and continuous improvement. We have an experienced and dedicated management team.  With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Jim Lucas with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go ahead.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Jim.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Al, could you give us an update with the inclusion of Standard, of what Wabtec's content is for railcar and for locomotive? I'm trying to get anecdotally how much content you gain because some data will start building again, but I want to gain a better understanding there.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Right now, when you looked at on share adjusted number, we have about 5,000. That's just the current Wabtec products without Standard Car Truck, about 5000 per car. Adding Standard Car Truck in on share basis, you would multiple that, probably you would have another $5000 per railcar. On a share basis, their share is lower than ours. I would guess that the number would be probably in the $4000 to $5000 per car, when you do a share adjusted basis.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And on the locomotive?
Al Neupaver: On the locomotive it varies. If we got all the things that we make in a locomotive, it's a very high number, it's a 150,000 and their locomotive business is not that strong. It may add another $4,000, $5,000 to that.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And as it was helpful walking through the assumptions and your guidance. And one of the things about Wabtec is the cost and cash focus that is deeply ingrained in the company. What variables are you looking at internally that you would have to ratchet up, another round of cost cutting given the uncertainty that lingers out there today?
Al Neupaver: Yes. Wabtec is in a strange situation. When you got basically half of your business that is maintained and then the other half, obviously the market conditions are pretty challenging on the freight side. So division-by-division, what we continue to do is try to continue to forecast the changes, where normally, in normal conditions you do it once a month. We probably had three or four iterations, especially in the freight area over just the last five or six weeks. And if we see any change from the assumptions or an issue that's out there, we react with some type of restructuring plan or recovery plan in order to make up for it. We are trying to find other revenues, but we are not afraid to take the actions we need to, to really protect the business. This cost reduction program is something that we've really being doing over the last three years. It's not that we have one major program. We continue to focus on a division-by-division basis, moving our product to lower cost manufacturing platforms or outsourcing, if necessary. So it's been a continuous program to do that, and that's what the whole Wabtec performance link culture's about, as you know, Jim.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. And finally, could you give us an update on the penetration of the international transit markets? And any additional commentary about what you are seeing into M&A environment?
Al Neupaver: Okay. First question, related to the international transit markets. We've been focused on the two largest markets, which are the European market and the Asian market. The penetration is going to take time. We knew this when we acquired POLI. If we had gone after these markets with the greenfield-type of approach, we could be talking about to five to seven years. We think that we could expedite that entry. We've set up an office in Europe now, in the Munich area. We've got the team in place. We are making sure that our technology, which we acquired from POLI, along with our technology that we have in our transit components group in Spartanburg, we are focusing the development on entering that market and we are making progress. It's going to take time though, and it's the same thing with Asia.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay.
Al Neupaver: Your second question, what was that Jim?
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Of acquisition environment?
Al Neupaver: Okay, the M&A environment, we are seeing some flow in the pipeline. It is down, noticeably down. And what you are finding is that the targets that we are looking at, they are moving targets, because their business is changing. So valuations on businesses get to be very, very difficult in this environment. So, it's a tough area. We still have, our pipeline is flowing and we're going to continue to focus on that and be opportunistic, with the economic conditions in the entire globe.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Thank you.
Al Neupaver: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wendy Caplan with Wachovia. Please go ahead.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia: Thank you. Good morning.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Wendy.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia: You mentioned, Al, in your presentation about your customers outsourcing some of their aftermarket. Can you remind us of some of the history, in terms of another economic downturn? What are we seeing from our customers, in terms of their outsourcing of service component?
Al Neupaver: I think that what happens is, as we all get pressured to reduce our costs, an alternative to having a fixed cost when you're vertically integrated is compared to outsourcing. It's an opportunity, and we really stretch that point. I'm not saying that that's how we approached our business. A few years ago, we were very vertically integrated. We felt that anytime you are in a sick lick business and things turn down as those are fixed costs, where if you are outsourcing, you are able to treat it more as a variable cost. I think some of the Class I, as well as the transit authority see that, and we've seen an increased interest in that area. One of the negative aspects of it is right now, especially in the freight area. They actually have a number of vehicles, railcars, as well as locomotives, which means that those particular railcars or locomotives might need some type of aftermarket attention, of service, instead of giving us an opportunity to do that work. So there is a negative part of that as well, that I thought that I should mention.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia:  Yes. Thank you. And some of us have visited, your trip last year, the UK refurbishment business. Can you give us some sense of how thats performing?
Al Neupaver: Yes. Sure, our Wabtec, we are limited in the UK. We actually had a good backlog coming into the year and it is performing quite well. The only impact that we are seeing is basically the exchange rate as we convert back to dollars, but their business, when you look at their volume, is actually holding up. So we are happy to  that's the situation there in the UK.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia: Okay, thanks. And finally  and then I'll pass it along. Thanks for going through the stimulus plan, in terms of the pieces of it. Can you help us understand how much of Wabtec-related product is currently, as they say, shovel-ready? And what are your transit people, who have certainly been through years of going with this market, saying in terms of their excitement level or lack thereof on the programs that could be generated by the stimulus program?
Al Neupaver: Yes. The stimulus program, as I mentioned, I think as each of those buckets give us an opportunity. I think that where we find that we're really ready to go, especially on these projects that have options. If you look at the locomotives, we have about $200 million of options that are still out there that have not been exercised. We just announced that Go Transit exercised about $85 million of their options, which was 20 locomotives. So, that's where you're going to first see any kind of gain or activity. These options are going to get moved, because, as you know, the stimulus package is designed to get money into the economy as best as it can. We're hoping that also some of these options get extended. By that I mean, they're asking for greater numbers of the same type of product, because, otherwise, you had to go and redesign the products. You're talking about years before not only the product has to be designed, you've got to get a bid out, you've got to rationalize who receives that bid and then start production. So, those longtime programs are probably not going to be impacted that much by the stimulus. It's going to be those products that we already have designed and ready to go.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia: And, given the purpose of all the stimulus, as you said, to get the cash out there. Would we anticipate that much of what is ordered will be existing products?
Al Neupaver: I would think that's what's going to happen, Wendy. I think most of it's going to be existing. Well, if that doesn't exist, so much is in the high-speed rail. When you get that, I think its $8 million associated for high-speed rail development. That development, which will be part off, but, obviously, there are no high-speed rails in the US right now, although they exist in other parts of the world. So that's the one area where I think its longer term.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia: Thank you very much.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnes with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead, Mr. Barnes.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Could you remind us what the value of the current options that you have associated with your backlog is?
Al Neupaver: Yes. It's about $200 million right now. It was $300 million last month and we've exercised the option or [Torano] exercised the ops for $85 million, 20 locomotives.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: All right. Could you give us a little bit of an idea on, as you look at your guidance for 2009, what kind of freight car OEM number are you using in that guidance? The reason I asked is, it seems like you know a couple of forecasting agencies have gradually been welding this number to nothing. I'm curious as to what you're using for it.
Al Neupaver: Yes. What we've done in the assumptions is, we're assuming that obviously the deliveries were about 60,000 in 2008, and our assumption for the -- our guidance range is that it would go down by about 50%. So you're in basically the 30,000 build rate. I've seen numbers around there. I've seen some a little lower. I've seen some a little higher and it is a moving target. That's why we felt it was really important to provide everyone the assumptions that we've made, at least the macro assumptions that we've made with this guidance.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: And in that 30,000 range, is that kind of the midpoint of your guidance, or is it the lower end, higher end?
Al Neupaver: You know, it's tough, because when you look at the number of assumptions I gave, you've got to assume all the other ones are going to be right in the middle as well, to answer that question, John. So it's a tough quarter, because there is a -- I think I listed six different macro assumptions.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. All right.
Al Neupaver: One thing, you know the backlog for railcars now is about 31,000. Now, Trinity took about 10,000 out of the backlog this last quarter. Now in that 30,000, it's hard to tell the quality of that backlog at this point, so that becomes a whole other variable.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: All right, very good. I'm sorry if I missed this earlier, but acquisition revenue during the quarter?
Al Neupaver: During the quarter, acquisitions amounted about $20 million revenues, and for the year about $65 million.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Al Neupaver: I'm talking about 30%; how you get the 30% on the last quarter is FX was negative about $20 million. So the actual growth from our base business was still about 60% of the growth in the quarter.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Understanding that when you came to the agreement with Standard Car Truck for the acquisition, since then the world has changed significantly and I understand that. But, as you look at Standard today, is there any potential for an impairment, I mean, already given where the OEM market is fallen off to? And then, the existing management that was in place there, are they being retained on any kind of earn-out or something like that, where you can actually see a little of a benefit, because I would imagine targets that were set would be probably pretty difficult to hit in this environment?
Al Neupaver: Yes. There is no risk of impairment whatsoever. The Standard Car Truck, when we acquired the business; we're always looking at reoccurring profitability, EBITDA and the long-term strategic potential of the business.  As I stated, the integration is going extremely well and they're performing quite well. We know the content per car, we know their market share and they have also stepped up as far as the acquisition target that we had for synergies. We have got all those moving in the right direction right now. The management team that all came along with the acquisition has been nothing short of fantastic. Actually, Rick Mathes, who ran the business for a number of years for the family, he is now a group executive running the whole railcar business force. He and his team have done a great job. Where we have had any kind of duplicate opportunities, whether it would be from Wabtec standpoint or Standard Car Truck's standpoint, we have tried to eliminate all those duplicate people. So, I think the integration is going well. Its a great addition to Wabtec, and I think that, strategically, it was a great move for us.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Last question and Ill turn it over. There have been a couple of articles in the Wall Street Journal lately, talking about the number of railcars, of the Class I's in storage at this point? And the railcar or the railroad has announced earnings in the quarter, talked to, I think, the number in aggregates, about 120,000 units at this point. Have you heard of any instances where the rails are beginning to cannibalize their stored cars for parts? What kind of pressure will that put on potentially pulling your parts and service business? If it doesnt occur now, does it just really prolong the inevitable, that you have got to maintain the equipment and it just bumps in out a little bit?
Al Neupaver: Yes. Some statistics that weve actually heard were that almost 25% of the cars are parked at any one time, which is about twice as much as they normally have parked. And locomotives are very similar. Now we wont ask that question. As of right now, we dont know of much cannibalization that's going on, any type of cannibalization would have an impact on a business. But I have a feeling that the effort, the time and the labor do it. There is tremendous benefit. I think that the Class I's are still very healthy, and what were seeing is commitment on their part to try to maintain their capital spend, even during these tough times. So it will have a small impact. I dont think it will have a major one.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Very, good. Nice quarter guys. Thanks for your time.
Al Neupaver: Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning, guys.
Al Neupaver: Hi, Steve.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I wanted to go back to your macro assumptions for a minute. Of the 460 you mentioned, which one has the most impact on results, if its worst than you expect? Or, where is the sensitivity to your analysis?
Al Neupaver: Yes. The sensitivity is, let me go through, obviously, the economy is everything, thats what drives everything. But the impact on profitability probably happens most when you look at the things that impact our volume, which is the railcar build and ton-miles and locomotive build. When you look at FX, we basically have a natural, we hopefully have a natural hedge. It doesnt always work perfectly, but most of our costs associated where revenues generated. So that doesn't have as much impact. But if economy driven, the railcar build, the ton-miles will affect our aftermarket, the locomotive build will impact the OEM and aftermarket as well. And we're counting on the trends that market's holding, and we have the backlog and pretty good visibility on that as well.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And can you tell us what your revenue assumptions are for Standard Car Truck in 2009? What will that add to the topline?
Al Neupaver: What I can't say is that when you look at revenues, and it follows basically the guidance from our acquisitions, and growth initiatives are basically offsetting the negative impact from car build, the FX impact. The FX alone, the average foreign exchange rate could have an impact if it would stay at the spot rate. Today, it's almost $60 million of revenues and a small amount of profit impact. We also have an impact as the material surcharges, as you know, we were very cautious and very careful about making sure that our raw material escalations over the last few years were covered. Now that the material prices come down, we've had to get back those surcharges that impact revenues, but do not impact profitability, and you have the impact on revenue negative of aftermarket in loco. So, if we were able to see the fruition of those assumptions, we think we can get a balance between the two.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right. Well, I think Standard Car Truck was about $225 million topline trailing 12 months. Is that close?
Al Neupaver: That was
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Certainly that's close.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So, if you assume that that's going to be down a fairly significant amount because of its exposure to the freight markets. If it adds 150 million or whatever to revenue in 2009, then a commensurate amount has to come out of the legacy transit or freight business to get your overall revenue guidance of flat to slightly down. So is that decline in the legacy business ex-FX likely more skewed to the higher margin freight business?
Al Neupaver: Yeah, I believe it is, Steve.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: So, coming back to the guidance, broadly speaking, if you've got flat to down revenue, and let's call it a mid-20 set headwind from the interest expense, and then you're getting a push on margins from lower freight. Can you walk us through what the margin expansion levers are, that you can get to flat EPS year-over-year at the midpoint of the range?
Al Neupaver: If you look at the revenue gains that we see again, I'll go through this slowly for you, but from the acquisitions, and growth initiatives, okay, that growth from there would basically offset the declines.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yeah.
Al Neupaver: Now, part of the negative also related to profit is that there are certain purchase price accounting charges that we're going to see from Standard Car Truck. So, that will have a negative impact on the revenues, although we're going to get a gain on the profit, where we get a gain on the revenues. Okay, the other negative is the interest charge on the revenues.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yeah.
Al Neupaver: Now, the plus is that we will get contribution margin from all that business, okay.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: But Standard Car Truck is lower margin than the legacy freight business?
Al Neupaver: It was lower than the normal freight business, but equivalent to our base business margins, and remember I talked about synergies, okay.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yeah.
Al Neupaver: We told you this is on the plus side of profit. We talked to you about cost reductions. That was mentioned in the presentation, right, 25 million. Now, on the negative side, you've got revenue down because of car build.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right.
Al Neupaver: FX, we have revenue coming down, but the profits are only slightly impacted, because of the natural hedge and where we have our sales and cost at -- revenue in cost. Material surcharges is the passthrough, and then the base business, when you look at locomotive aftermarket declines, you would have a contribution margin impact on your profitability. That's the components that make up our plan, and based on those assumptions, we come up with the range of our guidance.
Steve Barger - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, very good. I will jump back in line.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question call comes from Paul Bodnar with Longbow Research. Go ahead, Sir.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Yeah. Al, can you just give a little more color on the aftermarket piece of the business on the freight side? And obviously, it looks that you are looking for down 5% on revenue ton-miles, although this somewhat tends to track each other. But what kind of, if you will, there's multiple of that, the expected decline this year or just some guidelines on the direction where you think that will head?
Al Neupaver: Good question, Paul. The concern is that the way it's tracking so far this year, when most people feel that the comparisons are going to get better. I mean, so far, we are talking about 15%, not the 5% that we have in our assumption. When you look at ton-miles, that's a pretty good indication of what happens with our aftermarket business. The only wildcard there is the amount of cars that are parked. When you have cars parked, they don't get repaired on time, because there's no need. So we would actually see our aftermarket could be a little worse than the actual ton-mile decline. But we are also working, I mean, everything we are doing in this business is focusing on growth initiatives. And one area, a specific initiative of ours is the aftermarket and we look to expand our offerings. We look to have increased capability. We look for geographic footprints to improve that aftermarket portion of our business. So, we are really focused on growth in that particular area as one specific strategy of ours.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: How dependent then do you see guidance is, based on gaining growth from those initiatives? If that doesn't pan out, do you end up borne towards lowering the range or what's your
Al Neupaver: Well, obviously, if those assumptions aren't maintained and we would hit our range of guidance. I mean those are our assumptions. I am not sure I understood the question.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. Again, there is probably 15 to 20, 30 moving parts in our guidance and to say [GE's] that's why we gave a broad range, because there are so many moving parts in the guidance. And, obviously, if we don't hit one aspect of those, its going to impact our overall results, but then results elsewhere could be more favorable. The transit market could be higher. The international markets could be higher. We could make more penetration in the international. So again, obviously, if we don't hit one of the targets we set, it's going to impact our results. But, you know, Al listed the five or six most important, but really there are probably 25 or 30 key components to our guidance that that you'll have to take into consideration of this, also it's a cost element and other different factors.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Okay. And then a follow through on the freight side with margins. Can you walk through or, broadly, I know you may not walk through and say detailed original equipment, freight cars, where that falls in the margin. But if you could say if that's, what's above and what's below your average margin in that group, and work through some of the math?
Al Neupaver: Yes. Our margins between OEM and aftermarket in the freight area are not that much different, both of those product areas have pretty good margin.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: That's true with both the locomotives and the cars?
Al Neupaver: Yes.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Okay. And then on the transit funding right now, how much of this is shipped in terms of projects you thought, what got paid for out of state budget, but, due to shortfalls, now are falling into this bill? How much do you think is really going to be incremental new business out there that you won't have seen before?
Al Neupaver: Yes. I think its a good question and I cant answer it. I would hope that there is a requirement in the grants that doesnt allow the states to just to say, okay, instead of our portion being paid by the state, were just going to use the federal funding. I think time will tell. Obviously, there maybe some of that, where state and local dont have the ability to fund the capital program. But I think the last time we talked a little about that, when you look at capital funding, the loco has come up in general, on average they have been around 15%, where federal is 43% within the stimulus package. If federal could go up to 80% of the projects, so I think it already has built in the fact that the state and local will not have to come up with as much, but so I think time will tell there. I dont have that answer.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Okay. Well, thanks a lot.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking these questions.
Al Neupaver: Sure.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: I know you had some, you have the acquisition of the Standard Car Truck and the amortization you had in the quarter. But I just wondered if you could comment on what that amortization rate will be on a quarterly basis going forward?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: You are talking about the purchase price adjustment, the PPA or amortization of goodwill?
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Amortization of goodwill?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: How much is that probably for '09, Pat, just to make sure I give the right number.
Pat Dugan: '09, we think the amortization of goodwill will be around $4 million for the year.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Yes. So, I was just say about $1 million. But I want to make sure of one thing that, I mean, I want to caution you quite a bit on this. Basically, when you do your purchase accounting, you have a year to basically look back and adjust your purchase price allocation. So, when we give you a number right now, it will probably change, but right now that's the number that we're looking at. This will be amortization of intangibles, what we call purchase price accounting, which is more related inventory and customer list and backlog, which gets through a lot quicker, actually inventory and backlog.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And that $4 million you just provided is for Standard Car Truck, that would compare to the $5.1 million you had for the full year on your line item amortization expense on the income statements?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That's correct.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. So, it's an additional $4 million to that figure.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Correct.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Approximately $4 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Right. And, it will probably change. If I didn't say that before, let me be redundant.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And, the PPA you talked about the $4 million. Was that just in the fourth quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Yes.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And, that
Al Neupaver:  It was just in the fourth quarter.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And, that was obviously run through the income statement.
Al Neupaver: And it was run right through the income statements.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Some of that came still was from
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: I think we still had some from a little bit from POLI.
Al Neupaver: Yes, little bit from POLI, mostly
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That wasn't all Standard Car Truck.
Al Neupaver: Standard Car Truck.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. All right, that's very helpful. And, relative to your debt, can you comment on what the rate
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And, I'm sorry I don't mean to cut you off, but, again, and we probably have and again this is subject to change, because the purchase price allocations can change, but in terms of PPA for Standard Car and Truck, we probably have another $5.5 million that will flow through in probably the first couple of quarters of '09.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, that is helpful, too.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It sounds like you're trying to build your model just to get the numbers right.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And on your debt, can you comment on the rates that you're paying? And whether or not the debt is either fixed or floating basis currently?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. That's easy. Right now, we have about -- not about 150 million of bonds that are at 6 or 7/8ths. They mature in about four years and that's fixed. And then, we have about a year-end anyway, we had $235 million of variable bank debt and that's a 175 basis points over LIBOR.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And in your income statement, you had other income this quarter, the fourth quarter of about, I think it was $1.7 million positive swing over last year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Correct.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: So, can you comment on that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Most of that, large, large majority of that is paper FX on say, for example, intercompany receivables. When you have an intercompany receivable, it's different from your functional currency. You have to make it. Basically, it's a paper FX gain or loss. We try and minimize those as best as we can. And you can see that our year-to-date balances in that other income expense, where we're basically down to zero, I think that for the year as a whole, it's about 300. So that's most of it. It's paper FX. Again, we try and minimize it. You'll see that for the year, it balances out, but for the quarter, we did have a small gain.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, great. And you gave the FX for the quarter. I think you said negative $20 million, what was it for the full year '08?
Al Neupaver: It was only $2 million.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Negative?
Al Neupaver: Yes.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And that's on sales. For EBIT, it was basically breakeven, very small shifts one way or the other, not material.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: All right. And a couple other quickies here. On your balance sheet, you have the equity figure as well as total assets?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Let's see. Again this is subject to change, we do have preliminary number. Total assets, which would include obviously Standard Car Truck are little bit in excess of $1.5 billion. It's about $1.508 billion.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And equity is about $645 million roughly.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And relative to your pension plan, were there any adjustments in the fourth quarter, or do you expect any, and what would you expect your pension expense to be for '09?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Our pension expense for '09 is probably going to be negatively impacted from what we would have expected, and this is in our model, but we would have been by roughly about $2 million. When we originally started budgeting, that's why I said earlier today in response to another question, there's a lot of moving parts to this plan. When we first hit the budget, we thought it was going to be because of the smoothing out effect and because discount rates have gone up, we thought we'll be probably breakeven. By the time we finalized the budget, we realized that we're probably going to have to incur another $2 million worth of pension expense, obviously, because the balances have gone down. And the same thing happened to the pension assets, obviously, they are invested in common stocks and bonds and they've gone down.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And one last one, what are your thoughts, expectations on capital spending for 2009?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Pretty stable, I think this year we're not sharply decreasing capital spending. I mentioned earlier, the keys to this year are growth and cash is king and, obviously, CapEx is part of the cash is king equation. But, we dont want to cut off on those two, despite our phase. They'll probably be stable at somewhere between and $25 million to $30 million, which is in line with our past practices, once you add in Standard Car Truck.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. That includes SCT in there?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Correct.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, great. Thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristine Kubacki with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Good morning.
Al Neupaver: Good morning, Kristine.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Just a couple of questions. One, on your strategy for uses of cash in '09, you are talking about cash is king, which is prudent. Do you have a view that you'll maybe pay down debt, or you are going to hold down to it in case the acquisitions become more attractive in '09?
Al Neupaver: As we always do in each of the board meetings, and even between the meetings, we talk about whats the proper utilization of what cash we have in our strong balance sheet. We feel the first priority is always the best type of growth, is internal growth. We continue to look for acquisitions. We'll continually have about 70 million left on our stock buyback program and we'll look at other options as well. But it's that list, the priorities, that we'll be looking at. Alvaro, do you want to add anything to that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. The only thing I would add, Kristine, is what we have is, we have a combination revolver and term credit loan. The revolver is $300 million and we've used very little of that. So regardless of what we do, we will always have that $300 million. The term loan was 200 million. We actually made a small payment on that one; it's about 7.5 million in January, required payment on that. And what we'll do is, as we accumulate cash, we will evaluate the uses of that, whether we should eliminate the term loan. We do have an active stock repurchase program and thatll be part of it. And we just evaluate as we go along, but, obviously, in these times, maintaining financial flexibility is key.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. And you're comfortable then with your debt levels at this point and even upward from here a little bit?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah. We did the calculation the other day, debt-to-EBITDA is one-time, basically just a fraction over one-time. So we think, that's pretty conservative right now, we're okay with that.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. And then a quick question on raw material costs. It was my understanding that, even with surcharges, you weren't able to absolutely cover those costs. And even though I understand, as you give back those surcharges, you're going to see a little impact on the revenue side. But shouldn't we expect a little bit of tailwind, in terms of, if raw materials continue to come down here on the profit side in '09?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It will. But there is a timing issue, generally when there's not too many of our suppliers who are anxiously giving up their new founded profitability. So, it really takes a lot of effort on our part in purchasing and negotiations. But you are correct, eventually we should see some, especially those that were covered. But we had, I think, we spoke before about this, we had a very large portion of our raw materials were covered on surcharges and when they come down, they impact revenues, but not profitability, actually helps the margins.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. And then a question on the stimulus, as you're talking to the transit authorities, I know the timeline of projects is still little uncertain. But I know that it's been our thesis, as well, about the contracts would open options. But do you get a sense from them, that maybe they are going to be more bus-focused or more rail-focused at this point, or is it too early to tell?
Al Neupaver: I think it's a little early to tell. One thing, I think everyone is scrambling right now to see, to get in line and get their money. So it's pretty hard to tell.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay. And then on the last question on positive train control with the current economic environment, do you see any delays by the railroads, maybe pushing this out a little bit to 2010 or 2011 to get started or any unforeseen delays there?
Al Neupaver: Yeah. There are three aspects right now. When we looked at the year, we really expected to see more activity. But obviously, the economy has an impact. But there's other impacts right now that our pilot programs and the development programs going full speed ahead, and we're really making some good progress there. But there's two developments that need to happen in order for us to start seeing some hardware orders. And one of them is that the railroads, the Class I's are working on interoperability and the real center of that interoperability is a handheld radio system. It's a 220 megahertz system. And that's being developed right now, so that you could have this interoperability by Mediacom, which is a division of BNSF. The second thing is as the FRA is still working on fine tuning the regulations related to the positive train control. Our particular system, we don't anticipate any problems with either one of those, and our system already needs all the regulations. But the FRA was coming out with new regulations, especially as it relates to interoperability. So the economy in those two developments, which everyone's working hard on, right now we'll probably see a little less hardware revenue than we would have anticipated. But the program is moving ahead full speed.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners: Okay, very good. Thank you for your time.
Al Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Bishop with the Boston Company. Go ahead, Sir.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: Hi. I just heard a question about your guidance, you have freight ton-miles down 5% for the year as your assumption and you said that normally your revenue in that area tracks to that, except now there's all these parked cars. So I just want to talk about that a little bit, couple of questions on that. First of all, what percent of your maintenance revenue or whatever you call it
Al Neupaver: Aftermarket.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: Aftermarket is from railcars in the freight area, as opposed, and what parts of locomotives and what parts from transit?
Al Neupaver:
 :
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: Railcar and locomotives is half of the aftermarket?
Al Neupaver: Yeah, I would think half is related to railcar and half is related to locomotive, but, that fluctuates month-to-month and different programs, there may be a particular upgrade on a railcar parts, it would dominate more the aftermarket or vice versa. We may get a quite a few locomotives to overhaul and those big numbers. So there's big swings in that, and I don't think that there is a good statistic that could be used.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: I don't think I quite got it. So half is railcar, half is locomotives, is that within the freight cars?
Al Neupaver: Yeah, that's within the freight.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: And freight, did you say freight is about half of the aftermarket?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think, what we're trying to say, Mark, is, if you look at our disclosure at freight revenues, above 52% of that is aftermarket and I know that 52% very roughly because, again, you've got a lot of moving parts in that, but of that 52%, half is locomotive and half is freight.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: Okay. 52% of freight revenue is aftermarket.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: Okay, thank you. And then, you also mentioned that maybe be it's little bit worse this year because when some of your customers are parking the cars that need service and not fixing them, so I wondered, could you talk about that a little bit, if, how often do you normally do maintenance on a freight car? Is it every year? Is it every five years?
Al Neupaver: Giving an example, I mean, it depends on the wear on the freight car and every component has different rules. There are certain rules set up by the AAR that require periodic testing. One of the things that they have to do is, if they take a railcar and travel right now, 1500 miles or 1000 to 1500, they have to stop them, test the actual brake. And if it fails, it needs to be repaired. They also have a duration where, every so many years they have to bring it in and have it overhauled, and locomotives have the different time period, and different components have different time periods. But it's generally controlled by regulations when it has to be brought in for an absolute repair.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: Okay. So, my point is that.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'd add one more thing, be careful, because when we talk about aftermarket, we are talking a lot more than just repairs on freight cars. For example, we are talking about friction products and those are just the disc brake pads and brake pads and those are just normal wear and tear items. So, they're not subject to inspection. We are talking about things like electronics, like in the train devices, which are sold directly to the railroads and not to the freight car manufacturers. So we would classify those as aftermarket. So it's not just a repair of a freight car itself, it really is so much broader than those segments, we talk about overhaul locomotives aftermarket, so there is a lot in there.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: So what percent of the aftermarket in this area of brake pads and stuff? And what percent of something else?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We don't have that finally broken down, to be honest, with this call. Maybe if you give Tim a call later, we can try and pick up some numbers for you.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: I just mean are brake pads, is the regular, you are going to replace stuff constantly anyway, a big deal, or are brake pads really only replaced every couple of years anyway?
Al Neupaver: Now, it depends on the wear, it can go from six months to maybe a year or year and half, but it depends on wear.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: Okay. The point was I just wondered when you said, you could be a little worse this year because of part cars. If cars don't need service constantly, is it possible that your customers just keep switching out the cars when they need to, or just park it, you said that's happening. I don't know, don't take a car, it doesn't need maintenance and use it. And if you only need maintenance every couple of years anyway, maybe you don't have hardly any maintenance revenue on the freight side for at least a year?
Al Neupaver: It's very hard to completely understand it, remember, there are probably 10 different types of railcars, each of them has different requirements. So, it's just not that easy to make an impact. We've actually taken a look at, dependent on the number of cars that are parked, what that impact is on our business. And we're trying to use those in our estimate. So, it's a very complex situation. I don't think you really break it down and give you a statistic is going to make you feel comfortable.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: Okay. But in your assumption, you're assuming just a little bit less than 5%?
Al Neupaver: Right, that's exactly right.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: Okay. And do you have any experience, numbers in the recent month or two, as to whether it's substantially worst than 15% or you don't
Al Neupaver: Not yet, we haven't been able to really, yet. We have an estimate of what we think the impact would be. But we have not been able to validate that yet.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: In the last month or so, is it been much worse than the 15% or is it about the same?
Al Neupaver: Our aftermarket in the last few weeks has really held up so far.
Mark Bishop - Boston Company: Okay. Great. Well thanks so much.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Thank you.
Timothy Wesley: John, I think we're
Operator: Right, we show no further questions at this time. So I'd like to turn it back over to you for any closing remarks.
Al Neupaver: No, we'll talk to you again in the couple of months with the first quarter results.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, everybody.
Timothy Wesley: Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Wesley - Vice President, Investor Relations Albert Neupaver - CEO and President Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - CFO and Sr. VP. Patrick Dugan - VP of Finance and Corporate Controller 
Analysts: Wendy Caplan  Wachovia Securities Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets Joe Box - KeyBanc Greg Holter - Great Lakes Review Dennis Salvo - Jodocus Capital 
Operator:  Hello, this is the Chorus Hall Operator and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation third quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, you may begin.
Tim Wesley:  Thanks Denise. Good morning, everybody and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call today. Ill introduce the rest of the Wabtec team who are here. Our President and CEO, Al Neupaver, our CFO Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, and our Corporate controller Pat Dugan. We of course, will make some prepared remarks and then we will be happy to take your questions. And we will make some forward-looking statements during the call, so we ask that you please review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers.  And with that, let me turn it over to Al Neupaver, our President and CEO. Al.
Al Neupaver:  Thanks Tim. Good morning everyone. What Id like to cover is a review of the third quarter results and our current market conditions and then talk a little bit more than I normally talk about the progress on our strategic growth initiatives. Weve had quite a bit of change in the landscape here strategically over the last few months. And then Alvaro will cover the financials in a lot more detail.  The company performed well in the third quarter. We had very strong sales increase of 12% to a record 396 million. Our earnings per share in the third quarter was a record, it was $0.68. That was 24% higher than a year ago quarter. Our backlog remained over $1 billion, even with record sales for the tenth quarter in a row.  Based on our performance and the outlook for the rest of the year, weve increased our 2008 guidance. We have our sales growth coming in between 13 and 15%. Of that increase, only 25% is coming from acquisitions. We have our earnings per share between $2.66 and $2.70. It was about $2.65.  Keep in mind, that this performance is being achieved in a weak U.S. freight car market. This shows the strength of our diversified business model, that our strategic initiatives are paying off, and that we continue to drive margins higher through the Wabtec performance system.  Lets take a look at these markets. The freight rail market. Freight traffic year-to-date, ton-miles are actually up about 0.8%. But overall car loadings are flat to slightly down. Commodities such as coal, chemicals, and grain are up, with most of the other categories lower, including intermodal. Obviously, rail traffic is driven by the overall economy and there definitely seems to be increasing evidence of a global economy thats slowing.  As expected, railcar deliveries will be down this year, but still at a good level. Most industry analysts are still expecting deliveries low to mid 50,000 this year.  Our third quarter numbers are not released yet, but our internal data suggests that orders were about between 7,000 and 9,000. And deliveries were between 14,000 and 16,000, which would put the backlog in the low 50,000s.  The locomotive market remains still strong and that is driven primarily by international markets. Overall, we are concerned like everyone else about the economy. And we have contingency plans that are in place.  As far as the transit market, there is slightly a different story. We continue to see a strong transit market driven by federal funding and passenger ridership. The federal transit spending is up 6% to a record $10.3 billion.  Current spending bill runs through September 2009. Congress will wait until a new president takes office next year before beginning any serious discussions about future funding levels.  Ridership continues to increase across the U.S. In the second quarter it was up 5.2%, setting records in many cities. High fuel costs and environmental concerns about emissions should continue to drive growth and new investment.  We also have the international transit markets, which were much larger than U.S. Market and our share is quite low, so we expect good growth in those markets as we go forward.  Now, lets switch gears a little bit and talk for a minute about some recent U. S. legislation that will have an impact on the rail industry and on Wabtec. Last week, President Bush signed into law the rail safety enhancement act of 2008, known as the rail safety bill.  This legislation has several important features of interest to Wabtec. It addresses positive train control and ECP (electronic controlled pneumatic braking). The bill requires all Class 1 railroads and intercity passenger and commuter railroads to implement a positive train control system by December 31, 2015 on mainline track where intercity passenger railroads and commuter railroads operate and where any hazardous material is being transported. It also provides grants of $250 million over the next five years for new safety related technologies, such as our positive train control and ECP products.  It also funded Amtrak. It authorized Amtrak capital grants and operating grants that totaled over $13 billion over the next five years. It also has other provisions that are designed to improve safety related to work hours, grade crossings, and bridges. We expect the bill to have a positive impact on some of our strategic growth initiatives.  The momentum is clearly building for two of our technologies, positive train control and ECP. Lets talk about positive train control first. Based on the requirements of the new safety bill, we estimate that 60% of the track mileage, 75% of all the road locomotives, and all commuter locomotives, will require positive train control.  We currently have the only FRA approved system in use today, and we are working with the railroads to establish joint operating standards, so Wabtec is a clear leader in the field. Although its premature to talk about specific numbers and a time frame for the roll our, we believe the train control has the potential to provide Wabtec revenues of 200 to 400 million over the next five to seven years.  Electronic controlled pneumatic. We have two pilot trains running in the U.S. this year, with good results. As a result, last week the FRA issued a permanent rule change that allows trains using electronic controlled pneumatic braking to travel 3,500 miles without stopping to check the brakes. The rule previous was that every train without them, and its still in existence, would have to stop between 1,000 to 1,500 miles. Quite a advantage for the operating trains.  We believe this new rule will give railroads the incentive to begin implementing ECP at a faster pace than they otherwise would have. Again, its premature to discuss specific numbers, but we feel that ECP could actually be a bigger market opportunity than train control, although, it would be spread over a longer period of time. We also have had quite a bit of activity on the acquisition front. Late in June we acquired Foley Corporation, a brake component supplier that gives us the ability to expand in Europe, open the freight and transit market. The integration of that particular acquisition is going well.  In September, we signed an agreement to acquire Standard Car Truck for about $300 million. Standard Car Truck is a leading manufacturer of freight car and locomotive components, with sales of about 225 million. Some of their key products are freight car truck components such as springs, wedges, wear plates, side frames, bolsters, break beams, and some locomotive components.  This acquisition is very strategic for us. It eventually leads to our ability to provide a complete railcar undercarriage. Their barber truck design is used worldwide and is the North American market leader.  Our combined knowledge of in train braking forces and design capabilities gives us a unique opportunity to advance the stabilization technology for the industry. Improved stabilization means less damage to the cargo, to the railcar components, and to the track.  In addition to these two acquisitions, our pipeline is flowing but, we continue to be very selective and disciplined in our approach. Ill now turn it over to Alvaro.  
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Thanks Al, and good morning everyone. Like we said earlier, we thought we had a solid quarter. Highlights would include continued strong sales like Al mentioned earlier and earnings growth, as well as operating margin improvement, which is as you well know something that we have been targeting.  The backlog continues to be strong and pilot in spite of the record sales. And as Al talked about, acquisitions and new products, were making very good progress in executing our strategic plan.  To be a little bit more specific and to get to the numbers, sales were about 12% higher than last year and hit a record quarterly high of 396 million. One of the things that were very pleased about is that about 80% of the sales increase was organic. It did not come from acquisitions. Foley contributed about 8 million of sales during the quarter.  The transit group in particular led the way in the strong sales performance, with increases due to several factors, including friction products in Europe, transit car components in North America, and again the acquisition of Foley.  Freight group, which we expected to be slightly down this year, was actually slightly higher than the year ago quarter, which again, were pleased with, as we have been able to offset the lower demand in freight car and OE freight car with growth in other areas, such as heat exchangers for power generation, market for the power generation market, and international sales in general.  Margins as you well know, you continue to be focused on margins. We continue to be focused on margins. And we are again pleased to report that for the quarter margins increased about to about 13%. Operating margins increased to about 13.2% versus 12.9% last year.  As a percentage of sales, operating expenses were slightly lower at 13.9 versus 14.1 and that does include operating expenses includes about a million of what we callWhats called purchase price adjustment which is short-term paper write offs of acquisition costs.  Again, to make it clear, SG&A includes about a million of what we call PPA. And theres also about another 2 million in costs of sales. And I think weve discussed this in prior calls, but to refresh everyones memory, this is basically when you make an acquisition now, what the accountants make you do is write up all the inventory to net realizable value, so you have to recover all that inventory right away, basically without a process and they also make you write up the backlog right away to that realizable value and you have to amortize the value of that right off the bat.  The effective tax rate, it helped us a little bit this quarter. We benefitted from a lower than normal tax rate of 34.2%, which added about $0.02 to our EPS. This was due to releasing valuation reserve from prior tax years. Normally we extend our taxes when you do the statutes expire in the third quarter and thats when you recognize the valuation reserve that you no longer need.  Working capital compared to June 30. Receivables increased by about 15 million, but nine of this was due to Foley and the balance was due to increased sales. The receivables balance right now is about 298.7 million.  Inventories were higher by about 27 million, but again, 18 million of this was due to Foley. The inventory balance was about 223.4 and this is one area that we continue to work on. We think its a lean company. We should be doing better on inventory.  Payables increased. Some of the payables increased by about 12 million, which offset some of the higher asset totals and right now payables are about 154.8. Cash at the end of the quarter. Still have a substantial amount of financial flexibility. We had about 186 million in cash and that includes the fact that we paid about 82 million for Foley. Cash from operations was about 47 million for the quarter, so that reflects a strong balance. Ill discuss the Standard Car and Truck acquisition. And in connection with that, we decided to obtain a new bank credit facility for 500 million. We were fortunate in the timing that we predated I guess the worst of the financial turmoil by about two to three weeks. We have received all the necessary bank commitments and we expect to close on that shortly when we close Standard Car and Truck.  We think post-closing, between the cash that we have on hand right now and the new bank credit facility, well have a substantial amount of flexibility in dry powder to whatever is necessary going forward.  One question that we recently had a board meeting and this was at the top of the agenda and I am sure it is at the top of your agenda as well. Well periodically conduct a risk management analysis. And given the recent turmoil in the financial markets, we thought it would be a good idea to revisit this with you briefly.  What weve done is weve reviewed areas such as insurance coverage. Obviously, the financial institutions and the insurance companies have seen a lot of turmoil. Cash deposits, we want to make sure our cash is safe.  Currency exposure,, the dollar is moving pretty dramatically all over the place. Interest rates are moving dramatically all over the place. Our pension accounts for the defined benefit plans, receivables, issues with suppliers and right now hopefully without being too optimistic, they are looking at it to the proper filters, we havent really identified any meaningful exposures in these area, but this is obviously cramping and well continue to monitor. A few miscellaneous items, which we always cover at the end and give you the numbers, depreciation for the period was $5.9 million versus $6.5 million last year. Amortization was $1.7 million this year versus $1 million last year. CapEx was $4.6 million in line with our normal numbers versus $4.5 million last year.  And then backlog, another positive indicator for the future, we believe that the backlog, which remained over a billion, which we really didnt hit at of this year. The rolling 12-month backlog, which again is the backlog that we expect to execute over the next 12 months, so three months this year, nine months next year, total about $627 million versus $690 million last year. In freight, the backlog actually increased slightly, which is a good sign for the freight market even though the freight backlog is not a terribly meaningful number, but the freight backlog was 191 out of that 627 and a 178 last year, so an increase by about $13 million.  Transit was down from about 512 last year to 436 this year. Part of the reason for that is that because of a change order in one of our locomotive orders. We actually shifted some of the backlog from executable within the next 12 months to executable after 12 months.  One of our customers made a significant change in locomotive, and its going to take us longer to execute it, at that was about $20 million, so about $20 million of that transit backlog just shifted from one category to next. The multi-year catalog, which in essence is what we execute after 12 months and including the 12 month number just to make that clear, so the total backlog including whats executable in 12 months is 1.15 billion versus 1.16 billion at 6-30-08. So basically, doesnt get much more stable than that.  Freight was basically the same, 224 million versus 221 million and transit was 922 versus 940. So again transit in total executable, they would in the next two to three years was pretty much the same. You may have some questions on that well be pleased to address it during the Q&A. And with that Ill turn you back to Al.
Albert Neupaver : Thanks Alvaro. Once again weve had a strong performance with the $0.68 quarter, record sales and a strong backlog. The transit market remains strong and our strategic initiatives are working, which gives us the confidence to increase our sales and earnings guidance, although we are concern about the worldwide economy outlook. The diversity of our business model is really the key to our success. We have a freight market, we have a transit market. Weve got 50% of our businesses in aftermarket. We have about 40% of our business outside of the U.S.  This particular business model is serving us well. In the basis of everything we do the foundation of which we build on is the Wabtec performance system and this is what provides the established culture of lean manufacturing and continuous improvement.  We have an experience and dedicated management team and with that well be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from Wendy Caplan from Wachovia. You may go ahead please. 
Wendy Caplan  Wachovia Securities:  Thanks, good morning. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Good morning Wendy.
Albert Neupaver : Good morning.
Wendy Caplan  Wachovia Securities: Ive been getting a lot of questions so Im guessing youre getting a lot of questions about transits expanding given some issues with various states, cities, and etcetera. Can you comment on that whether youre feeling anything yet or whether its something we should worry about? 
Albert Neupaver :  Let meIn order to answer that question, its a fairly complex question and its a complex issue. I think to understand the situation you have to understand the basis of the funding. When the transit authorities get funding from the government whether it be federal, local or state, theres two different pocket that goes into.  One of the pocket is called the operating funds and the other is the capital fund. The typical products that we actually supply and in our long term backlog are the capital funding portion of it, and how these transit authorities get funding for this particular two areas, in the operating fund, about 48% to 50% of that have to come from direct generation being the toll gate in order to -- so it have the direct relationship to the ridership.  And one of the problems with that obviously is riderships goes up and if most of the funding really comes from directly generated, without raising the price and fares, what they have seen is increased cost related to obviously their labor cost, but more importantly in some of their fuel and energy cost that they have.  So theyre really getting stretched. In the operating funds about 20% comes from local, about 20 comes from state and only seven comes from the federal government. Now thats the kind of news that youre reading about when you talked about these trends in authorities being pressed. Thats really the operating fund thats being -- theres struggling with. When you look at the capital funding directly generated is only about 25% while the state supports about 13, local 15 I think, and federal is over 40%. Some of the programs are really funded 80% federally from matching funds. So, that particular funding is in place and thats whats in our backlog.  The ability to move between these two funds is very, very difficult. So, the concern that we would have going forward, the real question is what happens to this federal funding when the current safety, I mean the current funding expires and thats called the safety lieu with some $52 billion, but it does expire and it had increased spending each year, in September of 09.  Now if the current safety bill is any indication of how the politicians feel about future funding, were in pretty good shape, because if youll look at what theyve given Amtrak, and authorized in that safety bill. I mean, Amtrak, its been a bad all year-on-year and actually they left it out of the total transit bill. And the fact that theyre authorizing over $13 billion over the next five years is a positive indication for mass transit.  But until we get a new president in place, there are obviously -- theres a period of time. But most of our long term contracts looks can be on that period of time and by not approving a new program, all it means is that the current amount will not increase, but that amount will be available for the transit area. I hope that answered your question. Its exceptionally a long answer.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: But was, so it was extremely helpful and Im sure not just for me but for others as well. I was somewhat surprise Al about, and you can comment about sales mix. I guess I thought that I had expected a bigger change in terms of increase for transit versus freight. I was somewhat surprise to see that switch that transit was up so much on a sales basis. And can you comment on the mix of aftermarket and OEM within those two segments please.
Albert Neupaver :  Sure. On the mix, what we -- Wendys referring to, if you look at the third quarter of last year and even second quarter in L.A., freight was about 51% of our revenue and transit was about 49. This particular quarter, we had the freight was 46% and transit was 54%.  So, we really saw a large increase in the transit area as a percentage of sales. I think that we do get swings quarter to quarter especially as we ship a lot of these transit orders are large orders and sometimes therell be a, you know, a lot more sales in one given quarter compared to the next to the previous one.  I think the thing that were extremely pleased about is that we were actually able to hold in quarter-on-quarter on our freight business, which really is -- its really is a statement against a diversified business model when you look at things like having the ability to take advantage of the opportunity in transit in doing this particular quarter, yet holding our own in the freight area. It really is the fact that we are very diversified. The other thing thats amazing you asked about the aftermarket. Aftermarket was actually down quarter on quarter, in this particular quarter we only have 43% of our business was in the aftermarket area. And we would have, you know, typically not seeing that. Weve actually have seen the more on average as you know it, its basically of around 50%, when you look at year to date and compared to the previous year.  So, these mixes will change, but the key -- what we like to really stay focus on in our strategic approach is to stay diversified as we can and not be reliable on say real car deals as you know, real car deals still comprises less than 20% of our total revenues. 
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Thank you, but thats switch in aftermarket, thats related to the strength in transit in the quarter?
Albert Neupaver :  I believe, yes. I think it has it has a lot to do exactly Wendy.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon : Not like, Wendy for example, transit and again our 160 in here and the state for New York city is gearing up and few of the other transit areas as the new locomotive are gearing up as well. So transit was about 60% OE. So, definitely the reliance on transit is going to shift those ratios a little bit.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Thanks a lot. 
Albert Neupaver : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Lucas from Janney Montgomery Scott. You may go ahead please.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Thanks, good morning, gents. 
Albert Neupaver:  Good morning, Jim. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Good morning, Jim. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  A couple of housekeeping questions first. You gave us the organic, what impact did FX have on the top line this quarter? 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Give me on second here. This quarter compared to the second quarter of 08, which I thinks probably the most relevant, the dollars gotten stronger, so that hurts revenues to a certain extent, so revenues actually dropped by about four million compared to Q2 of -- Im sorry I was comparing it to last year, to Q2 of 08 was 7.8 compared to last year, it was about 4.2. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay and tax rate, we got the seasonal true-up, I guess, for lack of a better term. But, given youve got 40% of revenues now international and we happen to be the second-highest tax rate in the world, can you talk about potential for that tax rate to come down further going forward? 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Sure. Actually, thats a question we ask ourselves continually and we do have various initiatives underway to try and get it, mostly focused on foreign operations. One of the things were trying to do is consider the use of a European supply company, where we actually set something up, centralized in a low-tax country to basically recognize and trap revenue there and get a tax in a low-tax country.  When we do acquisitions in Europe, we also try to use various holding companies where you can trap other income again in low tax countries. A couple of specific ways you can do this, when you talk about taxes, you obviously want to talk generalities rather than too specific, but one thing you can do, for example is appraise all your intellectual property, move it all into a low-tax country and then pay royalties into that low-tax country and get your royalty expense in high-tax countries. Thats one area that we can do it.  You can do the same thing with finance; basically lend money from low-tax countries to high-tax countries. Transfer pricing, you have to be very careful, but, again you can improve your transfer pricing. So, probably the chief area that were looking to reduce our taxes would be in the foreign areas, primarily in Europe. In the U.S. youre somewhat limited, but going forward, well be looking at ways there as well. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Okay and Al, you touched on working capital earlier and you look working capitals, percent of sales, 23.5% the third quarter, which is up sequentially as well as year-over-year, not necessarily a bad number, but continuous improvement at the heart, could you talk about what is going on with them working capitals specifically and any areas of near-term opportunity there? 
Albert Neupaver:  Theres obviously plenty of opportunity and were never satisfied with our lean culture. It continues to improve in that area is really a complete corporate focus, but our business is a slightly different business than other businesses when you get into analyzing working capital because of the nature of our large contracts and the way that we account for them. We get a lot of advance payments, so we have to, really, we use two metrics when we really judge our ability.  One is simple working capital and then we do a GAAP working capital because we get a lot of that payment upfront and we go out and we have to buy inventory and theres certain other aspects related to it, so we do track both numbers and we continue to try to show improvement quarter on quarter, year on year.  I think that the POLI acquisition, obviously -- I think Alvaro pointed out the amount of that working capital gain came, I think, of the 30 million, 21 million of it came from POLI, although we did have a little bit of favorable impact from FX, if you look at the spot rates period to period.  So, I think theres a tremendous amount of opportunity. Were going to stay focused on that. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:   Okay. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Just to give you an example, Jim and, again, I think I kind of said it during the remarks, but Ill emphasize it again. We think inventorys an area we can do better in and we continue to emphasize it, but from last year -- Im not sure I have the number for me from the last quarter, but since last year, we have an increase in customer prepayments of about 30 million.  So, while some of the working capital balances have been going up, also the customer deposits have been going up and when you look at it, I think it makes sense to look at them both because a lot of these customer deposits allow us to purchase the inventory and basically, finance the unbilled receivables that arise from a long-term contract. 
Albert Neupaver:  And I think if you look at it on a GAAP basis, our inventories are down into the low teens. Is that correct, Pat? 
Patrick Dugan:  Right. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay and final question for a number that wont be disclosed until the queue, but if you look at the spread of margins between freight and transit, given that transit has now become a larger percentage of the overall business and you did experience margin expansion in the quarter, what is the gap now between freight and transit? 
Albert Neupaver:  Ill give you a history. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. 
Albert Neupaver:  Okay. If you had third quarter 07, right and this was all in the public information, it was about 6% spread in the third quarter. If you look for --
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Third quarter last year, just --
Albert Neupaver:  Third quarter last year, and if you -- second quarter would be history and that was only a spread of about almost -- 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Five. 
Albert Neupaver:  Five percent, 4.9%. So, what weve done is -- and thats withholding, basically the freight margins pretty constant across that time frame, weve been able to increase our transit margin, which has really been a focus. Working capital and margins in transit have really been two key initiatives that we work very hard at and weve been able to do it and we continue that into the future. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  And, again, Jim, I recognize your question because you basically are trying to model and youre trying to figure out where all these things are going, but for us, the key number where we evaluate ourselves on is with a consolidated operating margin number. Thats the one that we want to continue to grow and, obviously, whichever means we use to get there, but the key, I think, is the corporate number. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, fair enough. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Albert Neupaver:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Kristine Kubacki, from Avondale Partners. You may go ahead, please. 
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners:  Good morning, gentlemen. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Good morning. 
Albert Neupaver: Good morning, Kristine. 
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners:  I have a question regarding -- you guys have a better idea now, the railroads are kind of coming out and taking about what theyre going to spend on positive train control and from your end, in terms of also thinking about how many locomotives were talking about -- from your end, though, what are you thinking about in terms of your ramp up, in terms of what you guys are going to need in terms of capacity, number of people and how do you think about that into 09 and possibly going forward from there in Greenfield, if thats an option? 
Albert Neupaver:  As we see the demands increase for positive train control, we think that our current capacity from a manufacturing standpoint is adequate. I think the areas that we would focus on to make sure that these projects move forward properly is project management type of resources. So, we have the technology. Its out there. Its been approved by the FRA. The product safety plans been approved. It really is a project management in getting this.  Weve already, for the last year, been working on the next generation of vital ETMS system, so those things are in place. I dont see a big amount of resources or any brick and mortar really required for these demands. 
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners:  Do you get the sense that from you railroad counterparts that theyre going to start developing and start getting to work right away on these types of things or are they going to wait for looking for kind of a funding source, maybe, to push them, so maybe itll even boom more of a 2011 kind of time frame or do you think you they need to get going right away? 
Albert Neupaver:  I think were seeing a tremendous amount of activity and rightly so. If you look at some of the press releases that the Class 1 railroads have made, theyve already agreed on developing interoperatability standards by the four Class 1's. Weve been part of those meetings. I think in all cases, and everyones been working on this, this is not something that has been shelved.  The Class 1's -- ENSF started their program in 2004. We started talking to the UP and Norfolk Southern probably 18 months ago, developing a program and weve been working on and CSX, actually, has the basic framework of our system. Thats been installed since the early 2000s. So, its a matter of upgrading some of that framework.  So, no theyre not idly standing by, I see, but it is going to take time to do. Again, its program management thing that needs rolled out and its a very complex situation because the interoperatability, not only between the railroads, but youre talking about all commuter locomotives. So, you got all these transit authorities that are going to also need to be upgraded in order to meet this 2015 deadline. 
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners:   Okay and then to switch gears, real quick. You havent really talked a whole lot about the international business and how you see that progressing. Weve heard of some infrastructure projects, obviously, with the financial meltdown, being stalled or delayed. Is that impacting your international business in any way and could you give us an update on China as well? 
Albert Neupaver:  Okay. Thats about four questions in there, I think, Kristine, but Ill try to remember what they all were. First of all, internationally, we have a lot of activity going on. When you talk about China, Ill touch on that and then Ill come back to it.  Theyre slowing down. Theyre going from 10% to 9% growth anticipated, so their demand for commodities are still there. So, on the freight side of things, you have a lot of activity going on in the mining countries that weve talked about before and that continues.  From the transit side, we play a very small part in the transit markets in Europe and Asia and with the acquisition of POLI, now that we have the product and the development, we just recently attended a trade show in Germany called Intertrans, tremendous amount of interest in our technology and our capabilities and we expect the fact that we have such a small part to offer growth opportunities for us.  Back to China, weve been working on some joint venture arrangements. Theyre progressing well. We still see that market as a very attractive market for us. It is a good growth area. We hope to be able to make some announcements about closing those arrangements before year-end.
Kristine Kubacki - Avondale Partners:  Okay, very good. Thank you, great quarter guys. 
Patrick D. Dugan:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Blumenthal from Emerald Advisors. You may go ahead please.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Good morning gentlemen.
Patrick D. Dugan: Morning Scott.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Alvaro did you give an inventory turns number in your commentary? 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  I did not give an inventory turns number. Typically the inventory balance, the turns number doesnt change that much. Typically company-wide its about six. I think Pats going to check my math real quick, but I think it tends to be around six times. And it really doesnt vary that much. The balances will go up and down but because the sales volume is large enough --
Patrick D. Dugan: It is an individual metric that we do use for divisions.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We use it by unit.
Patrick D. Dugan: Every unit has a turns metric that we track monthly.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, and Alvaro could you comment maybe on what type of a benefit if any you expect from these precipitous drops in commodity costs, especially being a large consumer of steel and, I guess, to a little bit lesser extent copper. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Sure, its gotten to the point -- Al, I think, gave a relatively long-winded answer, not long, lets say long, not long-winded. Excuse me, to a brief question let me do the same.  Its actually to ensure in a couple respects. One, weve actually gotten our surcharge mechanism, while they dont cover 100% of the cost of material increases; they were helping to off-set a large, large portion of the cost.  So to a certain extent, we were pretty well covered by a commodity price increase. So what youll see is a decrease in obviously the cost and youll also see a decrease of the surcharge. That may cause a slight improvement in margins and really a slight benefit to us going forward, which would be welcome, but it wouldnt be that significant because, again, we were pretty well covered with surcharges.  The other effect is really the price of oil. I think the rail industry, the price of oil got to high and it didnt benefit anyone. But to a certain extent, with oil going up, it helped passenger transit because more people would ride transit and it helped the freights because they have automatic surcharges to pass on increases in the cost of oil.  So with the cost of oil going down, obviously thats going to help our cost picture, but long-term it may have an effect on rail although thats very difficult to tell. So I think short-term, the decrease in the price of oil should have a favorable effect on the operation. And those are the two major commodities, I think.
Patrick D. Dugan : The other thing were seeing, Scott, is that as you look at the supply chain, our suppliers are not the people actually mining the ore, so they are very reluctant to try to pass this on. So there is a battle out there as these commodities do drive down and were fighting very hard to get the advantage that Alvaro talked about.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Well Tim asked the question about working capital and I was wondering how much of a benefit such a thing would be to in that respect.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, see working capital, and Ive talked about hedging before. Right now we have a natural hedge in that as the dollar, say for example, strengthens, our cost centers in Canada become cheaper, but our foreign operations, the profits are a little bit less and they tend to offset each other and we watch that every quarter. And so far its been true. I mean it could be half-a-million bucks one way or the other, but youre always going to get that when you have about 40% of international sales like we do in the cost centers.  What FX it is going to have if the dollar strengthens, obviously its going to have a decreased effect on sales because the centers in Canada are cost centers rather than revenue centers. But bottom line so far theyve been having a relatively neutral effect, and as the dollar strengthens, then our working capital benefits as a weakness. It (inaudible).  And Pat also did a quick calculation and our total inventory turns are pretty much what I thought on a year-to-date basis. Theyre about 6% -- Im sorry six turns year-to-date. Im sorry, third quarter its a little less because the addition of POLI and a few other factors.  And one last point on the FX is the impact on commodities. One thing were looking at now, we were exploring that the other day, is actually as the dollar strengthens significantly against the Euro, which may make buying commodities from other sources, like in Europe, more attractive. And were continually looking at that to make sure we have the cheapest source. 
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, great point. Can you talk about also it appears as though the backlog has really hung in there nicely. I guess youre giving us a net backlog number. Have you seen any cancellations at all in there? 
Patrick D. Dugan: No, we havent seen any cancellations. Our backlogs hanging up. Division, division theres some little swings, but if you look, 55% of our backlog flows out in the next 12 months. Twenty percent of our total backlog is still freight. Thirty percent of our backlog is international and weve really been tracking all those, so no indications up to this point. 
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors: Okay, terrific. Thank you.
Patrick D. Dugan: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question is from John Barnes from BBT Capital Markets. You may go ahead please.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  Hi, good morning guys.
Albert Neupaver: Good morning John.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Going back to positive train control, ETMS, I just want clarification in terms what kinds of guidance youve given in terms of you said 200 to 400 million over a five year period. Is that 200 to 400 million a year over a five year period or is that the total amount of revenue you expect to generate over five years?
Albert Neupaver: Thats the total amount over the five years. Im glad you asked that so theres no confusion.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, now when Ive talked to the railroads, visited one recently, theyve put a price tag on the system much higher than that, much, much higher than that. And Im kind of curious. Two questions, number one, why would their price tag be so much different from what youre forecasting?  And then secondly, given that the impetus behind this bill has been accidents between freight and commuter rails and that type of thing and it seems like thats where the focus is. Does the number of users of ETMS go up significantly if the commuter rails are also forced into some kind of positive train control?
Patrick D. Dugan: Okay, good questions John. First of all, the commuter rails will have to have positive train control so they will have to be able to interoperate with the freight line. So yes, the number of users, and thats why the time period here is really going to be a challenge to have all those systems on just from a project management standpoint, not just from the fact that the product or the technology because the technology is already proven and has been proven and approved. But back to your question on why they put a different price tag on, if you look, you have to understand that the total implementation of this really has a lot of other factors involved. What were supplying is basically the system that goes on the locomotive that communicates with other areas and it has to communicate with the wayside.  It communicates with the back office or the dispatch system and there is also the communications system that is used in it. That total price tag, people have estimated close to $2 billion when its all done. Of that $2 billion, about 35% of it is related to the positive train control system that we would supply. So its a much smaller number thats available and therell be other players in this market as we go forward and thats all factored in there.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay.
Patrick D. Dugan: But theyll spend just as much on the wayside meaning what they have to do is set up some type of communication on those switches that are actually communicating with that onboard computer. You have an onboard computer that communicates with GPS.  It communicates with where all these switches and signals are. It communicates with the dispatch system, which is the main office. And it takes all that information. Theres a number of other companies that would be involved in some of that product, especially related to the wayside or the switch gear. Okay?
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, once its installed, whats the recurring revenue stream once the recurring revenues in place? Well obviously there has to be a maintenance factor associated with this product and also system upgrades as we proceed. 
Patrick D. Dugan: We also, as I mentioned, are working on the next system, which would really get into doing some of the safety critical functions. Today the system that its employing to prove is the safety overlay system that only acts if the engineer of the locomotive violates one of the limits, whether its a speed limit, authority limits, going into a work zone, so it would shut the train down.  In this next system it would actually do some of the switching. It could do some of the safety critical evolutions. So theres more revenue opportunities potential, one from the maintenance side of things and upkeep and, too, upgrading the system as time goes on.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay, and then, how many customers do you have ETMS that are actually in a test phase, a deployment phase, or what have you?
Patrick D. Dugan: Were working indirectly with all the class -- ones and weve also been working with a number of the commuter transit authorities as well. So I would say theres probably 8 to 10 different people that we have an ongoing discussion of the program with.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay. And then, one question on the backlog. The increase in freight from a rolling 12 month basis is it safe to say the increase was as a result of rolling off last quarter and rolling on the three months at the end that youre starting to see maybe some of the forward orders a little bit out and thats why were seeing in a bump up in the freight backlog? Or, do you think you actually saw some strength there in terms of orders and that type of thing?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We havent read into it that far. We dont -- when you know that ton-miles is basically -- last quarter we reported ton-miles up 1.8, this quarter .8, you look at car loading's down. I think that this particular trend wasnt something that we could really put our arms around and get excited about, especially with the railcar builds that were anticipating. 
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay. Alright, very Good.
Albert Neupaver:  We dont read too much into the freight backlog. I think the good sign is its showing that the markets relatively stable and thats a good thing. I wouldnt read too much that its increasing or decreasing, but basically that its stable, which is a good thing right now. 
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  Sure, sure. All right. Thanks for your time guys.
Albert Neupaver: Thank you, John. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Steve Barger, from KeyBanc. You may go ahead, please.
Joe Box - KeyBanc:  Hey, good morning guys. This is actually Joe Box filling in for Steve. 
Albert Neupaver:  Hey, Joe.
Joe Box - KeyBanc:  Given some of your strategic initiatives on the freight side, and excluding the standard acquisition, Im just wondering if you think you could grow top line in an environment where youve got declining rail car builds and potentially lower ton miles from the Class 1s? 
Patrick D. Dugan:  Obviously we cant provide guidance going forward. But, keep in mind our strategic initiative, sir, not one facet. We really feel theres lots of opportunities for us to expand globally in the freight market. We also look at what we call market expansion. Thats that technology that we have in the freight markets, and look at other market applications with it, current technologies, new markets.  Right today, 10% of our business that is included in the freight is outside of the freight market, actually. We look at new products and new product development. And, really, weve been talking about the opportunity here with positive train control and electronic controlled pneumatics, and other things that were offering. So, those are opportunities for us.  Were always looking for acquisitions and we really want to maintain that aftermarket percentage, or even improve on it. So we are pleased with our opportunities and our approach, and its a matter of executing toward those. 
Joe Box - KeyBanc:  Okay, thanks for that. I think you guys did a good job of laying out the opportunity for PTC. The $200 to $400 million dollars that you laid out, is that for an overlay system or is that for a vital system? 
Patrick D. Dugan:  Basically, its to go out with the current overlay system to meet the current demands based on the safety bill. So we may have -- if theres interest, there may be other opportunities for us and, even if were able to look at upgrades, obviously. 
Joe Box - KeyBanc:  Okay, and my last questions going to be for Alvaro. You reported $1 million in purchase costs on the SG&A side, and $2 million to cogs in the quarter, can you give us a sense of what thats going to look like for the POLI acquisition in 4Q?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Yes, in 4Q (inaudible), I think were going to have two in total versus three, and then after that it should start to wind down.
Joe Box - KeyBanc:  Very good. Thanks, guys.
Patrick D. Dugan:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Greg Holter from Great Lakes Review. You may go ahead, please.
Greg Holter - Great Lakes Review:  Good morning guys, and thanks for taking my questions.
Patrick D. Dugan: Our pleasure.
Greg Holter - Great Lakes Review: A couple of clarifications. Alvaro, did you say the cash is $186 million at 930?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, thats correct. 
Greg Holter - Great Lakes Review:  Okay, and, looking at your receivables, two questions really there. One is to the quality of those and second is, ex-POLI, it looks like theyre still up about 34%, although I dont know what the currency impact was, still, probably up 30%. I wondered if you could comment on the increase year-over-year as well as the quality.
Albert Neupaver: Okay, I think, in terms of quality, I touched upon that we conducted this review for our board, for our own internal purposes. And, one of the benefits that we have, for example, in transit were dealing with municipalities, were dealing with very large, well financed companies and so, for the most part, in transit I think the receivables are in pretty good shape.  Similarly in freight, in freight, youre dealing with Class 1s, the car builders are relatively strong, theyre coming off very strong periods. So, in terms of quality of the receivables, weve actually looked at them in detail on a unit by unit basis, because, thats the same question we had, internally and, we think were in pretty good shape there and whatever reserves we have, which arent very big, we think adequately cover it.  In terms of increases, part of that is POLI, part of that is increased sales, and part of that is, again, these long-term contracts. When you get into a long-term contract, the percentage of completion revenue recognition is different than the billing cycles, so, you could have a buildup in receivables.  What try and do is make our long-term contracts, at worst, cash neutral, and then we take a lot of pains in doing that. And, thats why when you take a look at receivables, you also have to take a look at your customer deposits, which have gone up by about 32 million since the beginning of the year. Its really a combination of all those three things.
Greg Holter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, that is very helpful. I dont know if you provided the amount of debt at 930, as well as the equity balance?
Albert Neupaver: Sure, the amount of debt at 930 is, basically, the $150 million of bonds that weve had outstanding for quite some time. So, actually, if you take the cash, which the we look at it, and you offset the net debt, were positive 36. We have more cash than we have debt, which is a nice position to be in during these turbulent times.  In terms of shareholder's equity, we dont look at it that, that much, say, in terms of financing. The strength of our financial position, we tend to look at debt to EBITDA ratios. In our capital structure, we have some capital stock transactions and treasury stock, we have a lot of things going in and out of it, so its not, in our mind, as good a measure of liquidity as debt to EBITDA.  But, basically, I think our total shareholders equity well be somewhere around 675, 690, 685, somewhere in there. Its going to vary somewhere between those numbers. 
Greg Holter - Great Lakes Review:  Okay, thats perfect. And, I believe you said that the foreign currency had an impact of dropping your sales by four million in the quarter, was that correct? 
Albert Neupaver: Yes, because basically, again, bottom line its relatively neutral. But, when the dollar strengthens, our revenues from the operations overseas are going to be less, but, we get a benefit from our cost centers in Canada. So, bottom line they tend to wash, but revenues will show a decrease when the dollar strengthens. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  It was a decrease when compared to second quarter to third quarter, but, if you compare, the third quarter 07 to 08, it was a positive two million.
Greg Holter - Great Lakes Review: Oh, okay. Okay. And, finally, you talked about cash a little bit. Just wondering where thats held, and if you have any of these instruments that have been getting some of the news lately?
Albert Neupaver: The fortunate thing is that we use to have some of the ABRs, some of the financial institutions were pushing them, but about six to nine months ago we just decided we just want to keep things liquid. We saw a few of these acquisitions coming down the horizon and we said we dont want to be in a position where we have cash in an instrument that we can get out for an acquisition, so, we basically put it in very liquid money market accounts.  Now, weve actually taken some of the domestic cash and put it in treasury money markets, to make sure the principle value stays constant. The cash of 186, very roughly, I would probably say, about, lets say, 100 to a little less than that thats domestic, and the balance is abroad and, what we continue to look at is ways to repatriate that cash without adverse tax consequences.  Jim Lucas asked earlier about our tax strategy, and thats a key element of our tax strategy. How can we get some of that cash, or utilize it? When we do a POLI, we actually utilize the cash that we have abroad to make that acquisition, rather than domestic cash, which is a good use of it. So, we constantly evaluate ta way to use that cash, but, its in short term money market funds or treasury funds.
Greg Holter - Great Lakes Review:  Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Albert Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from Wendy Caplan, from Wachovia. You may go ahead, please.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia:  Hi, I know you want to stop soon because its 11:00, but, just a quick clarification. Al, the interoperability issue that you raised with the Class 1s, and the transit authorities, does that imply that its likely that Wabtec would be a single source supplier of this system, since yours is already there and perhaps you license your technology to another? Whats the competitive situation in that market?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Obviously, I think a possibility exists, Wendy. However, I think being realistic, the railroads have always tried to act in a way that would youd have a couple of suppliers, at least two suppliers and actually, they like two, they dont like more than two, so, whether we license someone else or not, I dont know.  When you look at the interoperability, the biggest thing there is for all of them to agree on the communications network thats required and, I think theyre coming very close there, and thats where the focus has been. And, we actually are involved in that part of the train control system ourselves.  So, theres some good opportunity there, where excited. If you look what Wabtec did, I mean, this goes all the way back to an acquisition that was made, it was a strategic acquisition, was made, Rockwell business, it was their train control system.  We had acquired the electronics division down in Germantown, Maryland, and they saw the opportunity for positive train control, which Rockwell was working on. We have actually continued to develop this technology for a lot of years without any funding or even any revenue. So, I think that its going to take a lot of effort, on all of our parts, to bring this to commercialization, but, were really excited about the opportunity that we have right now.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia:  Thanks so much, Al.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Thank you, Wendy.
Operator:  Our next question is from Dennis Salvo from Jodocus Capital. You may go ahead, please.
Dennis Salvo - Jodocus Capital:  Thank you for taking my call, and good quarter. As you look out over the acquisition landscape, I was just curious to see if there were any specific targets that you may be looking at, and does the weakened economy maybe present some more opportunitys than normally? And, secondly, it seems like you do have a good bit of drive power on the balance sheet, what would you be willing to take the (inaudible) issue up in order to maybe do some more acquisitions?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Okay, weve stated time and time again, we feel that a debt of 2, 2.5 times our EBITDA would be something that we would consider livable. As far as specific acquisitions, I really cant comment on that, but I will comment on the fact that we do have -- our pipeline is flowing, weve got some opportunities, the landscape has changed.  I think the number of deals, this really hasnt changed, but the number of deals that are strategic are probably higher than those with private equity, right now. I think youre also seeing the same credit crunch, money is no longer free, nor is it as available. So, its very tight right now.  So, I think all those dynamics play in, and we continue to be very active. And, although active, we will maintain our discipline and only going forward on those strategic acquisitions that meet our criteria. Okay?
Dennis Salvo - Jodocus Capital:  Yes, thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator instructions). 
Patrick D. Dugan: Well, with that, weve really thank you all for your participation and look forward to talking to you early next year again.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thank you everyone.
Operator:  This concludes todays Wabtec conference call. Thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Wesley  VP, IR and Corporate Communications Albert Neupaver  President and CEO Alvaro Garcia-Tunon  SVP, CFO and Secretary
Analysts:  Wendy Caplan  Wachovia Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets Paul Brodnar  Longbow Research Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital Market Scott Blumenthal  Emerald Advisors
Operator:  This is the conference call operator and welcome to the Wabtec Corporation second quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. (Operator instructions) I would like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley, Vice-President, Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, please go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call today. Let me introduce the rest of the Wabtec team who are here, our President and CEO, Al Neupaver; our CFO, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon; and Pat Dugan, our Corporate Controller. As usual, we will make some prepared remarks and then take your questions. We will make some forward-looking statements during the call. We ask that you please review todays press release for the appropriate disclaimers. With that, Ill turn it over to Al Neupaver, our President and CEO.
Albert Neupaver:  Thanks, Tim. Good morning everyone. What I like to do is to review the second quarter results with a strategic update, take a look at our current market conditions and the outlook for the rest of the year. Ill turn it over to Alvaro and hell cover the financials in a little more detail for you. We had a record second quarter, for once again many things went right for us. In the quarter, the sales were strong with an increase of 20% to a record $390 million. We had a record earnings per share of $0.69, thats 21% higher than a year ago quarter. Our backlog is at about $1.2 billion. This is up 3% from year-end and it really indicates a strong performance given our record sales in the quarter. These results are being driven by good progress on our strategic growth initiatives. Those initiatives are global on market expansion, new product development, aftermarket expansion, and acquisitions. We continue to make progress on all of our strategic initiatives. In the second quarter, a little more than 40% of our sales were outside of the US. We had good growth in Europe with our friction businesses and in the UK, with our transit car refurbishment business. We also saw growth in a heat exchanges for the power generation market. Our after market service businesses in North America continues to grow as well.  We had significant activity in the corporate development area. We completed an acquisition of Poli on June 30th, just after our accounting period ended. This acquisition gives us a base to grow from in the European break equipment market. We are working to keep our pipeline filled with other opportunities. Based on our performance and outlooks for the rest of the year, we have increased our 2008 guidance. Sales growth should be between 12% and 14%, it was just high single digit. Earnings per share of about $2.65, it was at 255. Both our freight and transit markets are expected to remain strong at a high level, with international being one of the key growth drivers for our businesses. Keep in mind, this will be the second year in the row that our sales and earnings are forecasted to increase even as the US freight market is down. This shows the strength of our diversified business model and that our strategic initiatives are paying off and we continue to drive our margins higher through the Wabtec Performance System.  Then lets talk about a little bit about the market conditions. Our freight rail market, so far this year, rail traffic is up; ton-miles are up 1.6%. Overall car loadings are up slightly also with gains in major commodities such as coal, chemicals and agricultural products, more than offsetting lower volumes in housing, autos, and inner model traffic. This market is driven by the economy and we will be watching this very closely. As expected, rail car deliveries will be down this year but still at a good level. Most industry experts still expect low to mid 50,000 cars being delivered this year. The second quarter numbers are not released yet but our internal data suggest that orders and deliveries were similar to the first quarter. If thats the case, then the backlog should be about 60,000 units, more than a years worth of production. The locomotive market remains strong and our OEM builds are expected to be up in 2008.  If we are going to look at the transit market, we continue to see a strong market driven by federal funding and passenger ridership. Federal transit spending is up 6% this year to a record $10.3 billion. The current spending bill runs through September 2009. Its likely the Congress will wait until the new president takes office next year before beginning any serious discussion about future funding levels. Ridership continues to increase across the US. Its up 3.3% in the first quarter after a 2% from last year, increase from last year. Setting records in cities such as Dallas and Charlotte. This growth is also driven some incremental after market growth for Wabtec. High fuel cost and environmental concerns about emissions continue to drive growth and new investment. For example, there is new commuter rail activity in Minnesota, Utah, and New Mexico. The international transit markets are much larger than the US and our market shares are much smaller so we expect faster growth in overseas markets.  Ill turn it over to Alvaro who will drill down into the financial results for you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Thanks very much, Al. Good morning everyone. Im pleased to be able to review what we felt was a very good quarter with you this morning. Highlights for the quarter includes strong sales and earnings growth, continued operating margin improvement, which is an area that is as Al mentioned that we continue to stress, a growing backlog and good progress in executing our various strategies. As Al said again, we were very optimistic about the future but recognize that we face challenges with the uncertain economy outlook, which can affect the rail industry. Now to get to the specific numbers, sales were 20% higher than the prior year quarter and hit a record $390 million. Three quarters of this sale, which we think is more impressive, three quarters of the sale increased came from organic growth, with an incremental $15 million coming from the Ricon acquisition, which closed in early June last year. The transit group led the way in the sales growth with a strong increase due to several factors, car refurbishment projects in the UK, some of you that were with us for our analyst meeting there saw that our UK operation and the growth its experiencing, friction products particularly in Europe, transit car components in North America and the Ricon acquisition, which is in the transit field as I mentioned earlier. This is the type of broad based growth that we aim for and we like to see but the growth was not just limited to the transit group. The freight group sales were also higher than the year ago quarter. We believe this is a very good performance as our deliveries have actually been down year over year and weve been able to offset this lower demand for OE freight car components with growth in other areas such as heat exchangers in the power gen market. We classified heat exchangers in the freight group and international sales in general. Margins again, one of the areas where our key focus is to drive margins, higher operating margins for particular. For the quarter, our operating margin was 14.3% versus 14.1% last year. As a percent of sales, operating expenses were lower at 13.5% versus 13.8% last year indicating the strength of our operating leverage. We think this is a good performance, given the sales growth in transit and the addition of expenses from the Ricon acquisition. Obviously, the margin improvement is also due to our efforts to lower costs through sourcing and Lean manufacturing and increase volume, which provides operating leverage as I mentioned earlier.  Now to give you some numbers, overall, one of the areas that I think weve mentioned in prior phone calls, we really wanted to stress was working capital reduction and Im pleased to be able to say that we made some progress in this area. Last quarter, working capital, not including cash was about $216 million this quarter, in spite of the increased sales, working capital is about $191 million so a significant reduction there. Receivables decreased by $2 million, inventories were about $10 million higher, but payables increased by $13 million offsetting some of that increase. Again, we think thats a good performance but this is a key area when youre a leading company as we are and we think we can do better.  Cash wise at quarter-end, we had $242 million in cash up from a $175 million at March 31. Cash during the period derived from operation was $64 million. But keep in mind that just after the end of the period, we spent about $80 million on the acquisition of Poli that I referred to earlier. The balance sheet does remain in great shape. Obviously, we have plenty of capacity to invest on our growth strategies and acquisitions. As a matter of fact, if youve been keeping count, you will notice that since 2005 weve made about five acquisitions and we financed all of them with internally generated cash flow, which we think is a very meaningful accomplishment. To give you some of the numbers that we typically give during the phone call, depreciation for the period was $6.2 million versus $6.1 million last year, amortization stable $912,000 versus $992,000 last year and CapEx at a very modest level of about $4 million this period versus $4.9 million last year. Another number that you are interested in and wed like to disclose is the backlog number, which again indicates another positive indicator for the future. The rolling 12-month backlog  this is the backlog that will be executed over the next 12 months was up 18% and the total backlog remained over a billion even with the record sales quarter. The total 12-month backlog was $690 million versus $582 million at the quarter ended 03/31/08 so thats the first quarter of 08 about last year and its up over a $100 million. The segments of the $690, a $178 was in freight versus a $180 million in the first quarter. And again, freight is not a backlog-driven business so its not as significant. In transit, of $690, $512 is in transit versus $402 million in the first quarter, indicating the continued growth in transit. The multi-year backlog, in other words, the total backlog regardless of when it is going to be executed grew from $1.1 billion last quarter to $1.2 billion this quarter. Of the $1.2 billion, $221 million is in freight and $940 million is in transit. And with that, I think that concludes my remarks and Ill turn it back over to Al.
Albert Neupaver: Hey, thanks Alvaro. Once again, we had a strong performance with a record $0.690 record sales and a growing backlog. Most of our in markets continue to be positive, which gives us the confidence to increase our sales and earnings guidance although we are keeping an eye on the US economy. The diversity of our business model, freight and transit, aftermarket and OEM, NAFTA and international is serving the company well. The Wabtec Performance System provides an established culture of Lean manufacturing with continues improvement. We have an experienced in dedicated management team. And with that, well be happy to answer your questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Wendy Caplan of Wachovia. Please go ahead.
Wendy Caplan  Wachovia:  Good morning.
Albert Neupaver: Good morning Wendy.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Good morning, Wendy.
Wendy Caplan  Wachovia: A couple of questions about international growth, can you remind us Al or Alvaro how much of the business today is international versus US and give us the year ago comp just so I have it handy and also talk about how the international business grew this quarter and versus the US.
Albert Neupaver: Okay. International sales this quarter was a little over 40%. If you look at first quarter of 08, it was about 44% and the second quarter of 07 was at 39% so as a percentage of business, its really held pretty steady. We think theres a tremendous amount of opportunity though, in the international arenas, being driven in both freight and transit market. The freight market really is being driven a lot by the countries that are doing a lot of mining and need freight capability and our technology. The transit market, as I said during the remarks, were a very small player in a very large market and we feel that theres a lot of opportunity for growth there and one of the reasons that we are excited about are strategic acquisition of Poli.
Wendy Caplan  Wachovia:  Before I asked about Poli, could you just tell us what the international business grew in the quarter and domestic as well, please?
Albert Neupaver: Okay. By group or the overall, Wendy?
Wendy Caplan  Wachovia:  Overall is fine but you can do group, if you want to give me that?
Albert Neupaver: Okay. Do you have that, Al? 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Actually, Wendy you said you had two  we have it here we just need to add a couple of numbers. You said you had second question, if you can give us one second well add it up and then well do it at the conclusion of your question, how is that? 
Wendy Caplan  Wachovia: That would be fine, Alvaro. Thanks. My other question was about Poli, if you could speak to us about why you think  what kind of opportunities Poli represents?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Okay, there is tremendous amount a strategic rationale for the acquisition, it really expands our product line in the Europe with what you called a UIC approval of their products and that is a major hurdle that we have to overcome in order to participate in that market. This way we do not have to develop these products on our own and then wait several years to get them approved. There key products are break disk for high speed applications and other UIC approved break valves and trend breaks. These are products that we do not offer today. Now Poli, although its a third in the marketplace, as far as market share behind (inaudible). We believed that overtime we can increase that share when combined with our technology and marketing capabilities we have in our transit group. Its going to take a few years to do that. And given the long cycle nature of transit but it will be faster than if we would try to develop our own product and in those markets. Poli, it should add modestly to revenues in the second half. The EPS impact in 08 will be minimal because of purchase price accounting. We still expect it to be and it will be a greater than the first 12 months. I think the exciting part about Poli is the fact that this European market is about five times that the market size of the US and it continues to expand because a lot that technology right now  the European technology is being exported to Asia and that again will open that market up somewhat to us. And not only that, they also have freight products and we have not been much of a player in the freight market in Europe. So all in all we are really excited about the opportunity and I think that it is a strategic acquisition and we look forward to growth into the future but it will take a little bit of time to really get the fruits of that acquisition.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon :  And to answer your question, Wendy, quarter of year over year. Last year international sales were roughly about 125 and this quarter there are roughly about 150, 155 so more in that neighborhood Ricon added to that. Ricon had a significant presence in the UK, might say probably maybe about to $10 million on that is Ricon and the rest are organic.
Wendy Caplan  Wachovia: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon :  Youre welcome.
Operator:  Our next question comes for Kristine Kubacki of the Avondale Partners. Please go ahead. 
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners :  Good morning gentlemen. How are you?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon :  Hey, Good morning. Hi, Kristine.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners : 
 :
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon :  Our pipeline obviously is formed and were very active right now. Weve got a lot of activity in different parts of the world. We really cant comment on specific acquisition targets that we have nor their attractiveness but I will remind you that we are looking for acquisitions that are strategic to our business. Number one, we are looking for acquisition to have certain hurdles from a financial standpoint. We think that the multiply, the upper limit on that multiple depended on how strategic it is  could be seven to eight times (inaudible). We are looking for acquisitions that are a creative in the first 12 months. Obviously we have to have  our hurdle will be in greater that our return on the capital.  And lastly, we take a look at it from an economic profit standpoint and try to make sure that its adding value to the corporation.  We are very active and I wish I could offer you more information about that activity but if will be forthcoming.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners :  But your outlook hasnt slow down in anyway?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon :  No, by no means.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners :  Okay. And then, if you could give us a stand, I mean the operating margin picked up again in the quarter, I was wondering if you could  I know youll file this (inaudible). Is there in any sense you can give us on the operating margin transit  is transit continuing to close the gap with freight operating margin?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon :  Transit margins, as we say were going to be focus on that and it will show continuous improvement. It will be a small increment but it will show improvement over a year and over a quarter and freight margins, we again there we are looking for improvement. Obviously its a little harder to improve on the level that we have in the freight area.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners :  Okay and the final one question, I was wondering on raw material pressure  is obviously a focus for everyone at this point. How do you see going forward and impacting Wabtec and how you are trying to deal with it?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon :  Obviously, raw material is of concern as you know commodity to really has peaked in the last few months. And continued to be at very high levels, the demand for these commodities on a worldwide bases as we see in the industrialization of China is causing a very difficult market situation. I think that that in general Wabtec  we have lived through the tough times back in the 02 to 04 area where there was similar spike. And I think that we learned our lesson and that in general we find and we go around and ask this question as we talked to each of the divisions. How are they protected and we look at it from a number of ways, one is to make sure that we have surcharges or escalators based on our increased. If thats too difficult in the case of a contract, we look for other means in order to make sure that we have that particular raw material covered. I cant say that we are a 100% covered on some of these increases because its always one change in a commodity that you didnt think about. But in general, we feel that we have covered our sales fairly well when it comes raw material escalations.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners :  Okay very good. Thank you very much.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon :  Thank you Christine.
Kristine Kubacki  Avondale Partners :  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Art Hatfield on Morgan Keegan, please go ahead.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Thank you. Hey, good morning everybody.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Hi Art.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Hey, Alvaro, can you tell us what the organic growth rate for revenue was in this second quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Yes, revenues went up quarter over quarter by about $65 million, about three quarters of that, so in to the 65  about 45 of that was organic, Art, and the rest came from acquisition
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Okay, did you have any positive or negative impact from foreign exchange?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  We had, I would say a slight favorable impact from the facts. Obviously, the dollar is not at its strongest point, somewhere between $5 million to $7 million of revenues benefited from the weakening dollar.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Thats from last year? 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  From last year, yes.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Is that the $5 million to $7 million  would that all fall in the like that organic number or is it a part of that 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Technically yes, is in the organic number. Most of it in the organic (inaudible).
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Thats fine. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  One thing I should say though its affect on EBIT is relatively negligible.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Okay.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Right now we are fortunate in that  just because the way our operations are setup, we have call centers in certain countries and centers in other countries. We are in the fortunate position that we dont have to do a whole heck of a lot of hedging because we have a natural hedge because the nature of the operations and offset each other. So its affect on EBIT was negligible.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Is that a result of planning you did? I rememberwhat was, five or six years ago when the Canadian dollar went against you. You really got hurt there. Is that impact today as a result of planning and changes that you made from 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  I would basically say its a result of excellent planning but we have followed you. Ill take all the credit for it. We all know that it has happened before Al got. Theres two component of it, youre absolutely right, part of it is a deliberate effort on our part as we saw the dollar weakening. Obviously our call centers in Canada became less competitive and we have shifted some of our calls from Canada to low resource countries. 
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Okay.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  And that was the result of deliberative planning. The fact that we are a natural hedge position right now is the way  thats one thing we watched basically every month and we look to see how the currencies are moving. And not anything that we could say has resolved our planning.  What we try and do is anticipate what going to be happen the markets as fast we can, plan accordingly. And if we think we need to hedge, well hedge but right now like I said, were in a natural position. 
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  I know you guys though have not given guidance for next year. I know youre not ready to talk about it. But unfortunately, we have to put estimates out there. And I want to think about hypothetical for instance.  As I look out to 2009 and I try to make assessments as to what the freight car market may look like. Just kind of broadly speaking out  what does that market need to look like for you to be able to grow earnings 10% or better next year. Can you do that if the market is flat? Can you do that at say freight car builds drop to the 40,000 level next year. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Lets first take a look at the freight markets. I think what weve seen are this obviously when we are talking about freight markets, were talking about primarily railcar built.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  And as you know only about 20% of our business is really tied to railcar build. So, what weve been able to do is manage our freight business by really focusing on our strategic initiatives, international markets, the after market acquisitions, market expansion. And weve been able to more than offset the decline that youll see from the previous year. I mean the previous year dropped and railcar builds in 07. We were talking about deliveries of I think 63,000 cars and were talking about low 50s this year.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  And in 06, it was 74,000. So, weve been able to manage our freight business and look at other areas to grow. We would like to be able to continue to do that into 09 and we see no reason.  As far as what that railcar builds is going to be, probably your guess is as good as mine or any of the experts, but I dont see that particular number particularly going up. And I think it would drip down, if anything.  More importantly is the ton-miles and utilization of freight line. And even in a recessionary period, as were in right now, its a good business to be in. The freight markets the ton-miles is up 1.6%. When you look at what it cost to move a product, just between the truck and a train, theres an advertisement. And Ive read this number placement (inaudible). He has the advertisement  you can move a ton of freight, 436 miles in a gallon of diesel fuel.  I mean, thats compelling when you think about the utilization of the freight line. So, I think its a good market to be in and I think the price of oil is not about to be retracting anytime soon. So, I think that market is a good market. We look at transit, we know were in about halfway or a little more in halfway through the spending bills just here in North America. And that bill continues to through September of 2009. And the spending will continue on and they all come out with another bill and again, ridership is up and its being driven by the price of oil and thats a good market. You look at the opportunity globally that we have internationally, those markets in transit is so much larger. And I talked a little bit about the freight market. And we continue to improve.  Our goal has always to have double digits earnings through the business cycle on average. And we know that we are tied to some sickly products. And its really the burden we have to really prepare for that and be planning for 09 and 2010 right now.  We just went through our strategic planning processes and each of those businesses are required to take a look at that and come up with a plan. And thats how were approaching at this point. I hope I did answer your question.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Yes, I know. So, you got the strategic planning process. I mean, do you care to give us guidance for next year.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  I would love to  MOFE.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Kidding aside, I guess  yeah what Im hearing from you then is that you dont necessarily feel handcuffed to that business. It is what it is. Its cyclical but you feel comfortable in your ability to plan for that any and inevitable downturn which weve seen in the last couple of years. And youve successfully done that but even if we see further downturn in that business, you feel good about your ability to at least have a good opportunity to still grow earnings despite that.
Albert Neupaver:  I think you placed the brutal facts of the business youre in and then we plan around it. Does that mean that were always going to be able to overcome any of the turns? I cant say that within a year. 
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  I understand that but you just dont feel completely handcuffed to that line of business and 
Albert Neupaver: We used phrase early along. We were not going to ride the rails.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Right.
Albert Neupaver:  And were going to control our futures the best we can. Its a good business to be in right now, the railroad.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Do you see any other opportunities outside the rail business as things have softened and maybe there are some areas in the industrial community where maybe some smaller mom and pop type operations, dont have access to capital anymore where they can even just maintain their business or even grow it. Do you see opportunities to move in areas where some voids maybe 
Albert Neupaver:  We have expanded our corporate development group to where now we have four dedicated people in that particular area. Two years ago, we had zero and some of that effort is being afforded at exploring exactly what youre saying, is looking for alternatives, adjacencies in the marketplace. We continue to evaluate opportunities. We are going to be selective. We are going to take our time and we are going to make sure there are good additions to the Wabtec team.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Just one last one. The stocks had done extremely well. You guys have shown a very, very strong capability to grow. I think given what you put together in the last few years, I dont know that we would have seen this kind of earnings generation given the downturn that we have seen the last couple of years. If you still have the same makeup as you had last cycle, has the board or has the company been approached about possibly selling the company? Has anybody shown any interest in Wabtec?
Albert Neupaver: We really cant even, I cant even comment.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  You cant fault me for trying though.
Albert Neupaver:  You tried about three different ways to get us to the same thing that we shouldnt. Actually, to one of your earlier questions, I was going to add. Right now, when I first joined Wabtec, I think probably OE was about 55% of our sales. I think right now, it is about 40% of our sales. Just for this quarter, I think aftermarket was 59% and the OE was 41%. So, I would suggest that if you are trying to get a measure where Wabtec is going to go, I think revenue on ton-miles and car loading are just as critical, really even more so than just freight car builds. And ton-miles tend to be relatively steady because we have shifted a large portion of  not shifted, but what weve done is weve grown the aftermarket and we continue to grow the aftermarket. And thats the key area of emphasis. Within freight, we have things like friction that are totally dependent on traffic, repairs, services, parts, all those are totally dependent on traffic. And I would suggest that really a better indicator than freight car builds is ton-miles and car loadings because of the impact to our aftermarket.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Thanks. I know one of these days you will answer one of my questions.
Albert Neupaver:  Long after we are retired.
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan:  Thank you.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Art.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from John Barnes of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets:  Hi, good morning, guys.
Albert Neupaver: Good morning, John.
John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets:  Can you talk about the contracts that you have in place now in your backlog? Do you have a feel for what percentage of those are fixed price. And of those, if you do have fixed price, are you having any success at trying to re-negotiate steel coverage provisions of some kind or is that what you were talking about? Just having to do other things to negate the higher cost of steel?
Albert Neupaver: In review of the contracts and weve really gone through these, some of the older ones that probably date back. Some of these contracts were probably 04, late 03-04 and some of the transit contracts. Some of those, there is some slight exposure. A lot of those times, we really tied up our suppliers but they really have been pressing us hard so there is this pull and tug all over the place. The new contract, we are very conscious of the issues related to material inflations and if we dont have an absolute surcharge, we have some type of a color that we put on the percentage change of each of the commodities that would require a re-negotiation of the price.  So, we have been pretty disciplined in that. We do have some legacy contracts that we live with in those cases, we do other things. We look at opportunistic buy and they do have to carry some inventory to cover it but we know the exposure and we limit the exposure that we have.
John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets: All right, and as you break it down, the fixed price contracts that you do have in place, do they tend to be more on the transit side than the freight side?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Definitely, our backlog in freight just does not really go much beyond 12 months as a few but not much.
Albert Neupaver: I think in total, if you look at freight, of the total backlog, I think close to 90% is less than 12 months 80-90%. So its almost all in transit. And in those cases, in a lot of those cases, material is not a large percentage of the final price as well. So, its not a huge exposure. 
John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then with the rising commodity prices, I know the funding is still out there, theres still money to be spent on infrastructure and that type of thing but have you seen any of your customer base begin to pull back orders a little bit or bid activity a little bit with the thought, Hey, we cant get as much for our dollar today as we could a year ago. Maybe we are better off waiting or is this the type of asset that you really cant wait on and so you really have been seeing that the commodity price increase really affects your styles or marketing effort.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, it really hasnt had much effect but there is a little more to the story. If you look the transit businesses, 80% of the funding is federal funding. And that particular funding is really on infrastructure and capital expenditures generally. And then you have to match with 20% from local funding. Where the transit authorities are really being intense is on the operating cost because of the rise in fuel cost and some of the labor cost that they have and what youve actually seen is that the Congress is starting to try to help them out. I think that within the month of June, you saw one of the house committees approved, I think it might have been close to billion dollars a year for the next two years to help them on the operating cost of the business. And thats where they are really getting cramped and you read a lot about  they could be providing more services but they dont have the money to do it. Our particular product is really tied to that 80% federal funding that is used for infrastructure, rolling stock, locomotives and that type of thing. Okay?
John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets: Yes, and then on the acquisition front, a couple of quarters ago, when you guys were asked about acquisitions, for a couple of quarters there, you just said, Hey, theres nothing we can do right now, evaluation multiples are just too high. Now that youve done one and can you give us an idea? Have multiples come in and Al said you have got a pretty full pipeline of potential acquisition opportunities, with this one, it just kind of popped up. It was more of an anomaly and where do you stand in terms of  Are you ready to pull the trigger if the purchase price is right and are you ready to pull the trigger on multiple acquisitions? Can you integrate multiple acquisitions at one time?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. Our activity is if you go, I mean we went almost a year without acquisition and during that timeframe, we had a lot of activity and we really set the ground work for a lot of opportunities in some of the international platforms that we think are important and we continue to work in that area. We really cant comment on the specifics of any activity but we remain busy. We feel that we are ready to be opportunistic when we feel that we have the right acquisitions on the table in front of us and we will be cautious. We are going to take our time. We are going to make sure we understand it but I think acquisitions has been and will continue to be an important part of our growth strategy.
John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Very good. Thanks for your time, guys. Nice quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, thank you John.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Bodner of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Bodner  Longbow Research:  Yes, good morning, gentlemen. Thanks. One quick question because last time you had updated us on ECP and ETMS and just kind of what sales looks like in the quarter. I know its a long process but are you going to further update on that?
Albert Neupaver: It is a long process. I had a full head of hair when we started it.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Black hair.
Albert Neupaver: Black hair. ECP is working at electronic controlled pneumatic braking. Its an important opportunity for us. What you have is you have two pilot programs with a 3rd pilot program with another railroad coming on in the next month or so. These pilot programs are being  they are trying to prove up the technology to make sure that they get the fuel savings and they get the efficiencies and the cycle times that they need. The opportunity for electronic controlled pneumatic braking is primarily on what they call unit trains that go back and forth from the same two places and that makes up 20% to 25% of the fleet out there. So, its a huge opportunity when you consider about $4,000 per car in order to upgrade and there is about a billion three cars. So you could see the opportunity. We expect that opportunity to start rolling out. The test on pilot programs will run another 12 months in minimum and from that time on, there will be a gradual roll out of that technology if its proven as we expect it be. As far as electronic or positive train control, we have our pilot, which was proven and the product safety plan approved at BNSF. They are in a commercialization phase of the program for an overlay system. We are working with two other major railroads on a vital ETMS system and those pilots, we should actually have equipment up and running in early 2009. It will take a good year to submit what is called again the product safety plan for the FRA. Once it is submitted and approved, then commercialization should follow that. That will be a slower and a smaller  it will take much more time but in addition, its a little bit of a smaller market. Its more in the $400 million area if it was implemented across half of the locomotives out there, where the ECP is about a billion-dollar market opportunity with other player being involved and thats New York Air Brake.
Paul Bodner  Longbow Research:  Okay. Any (inaudible) on ECP? I mean, internationally, hows that is going , I believe you (inaudible) in Australia and also and in South Africa?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, they are running really well. The Australian ECP has been out there since 2004. There is one train running in South Africa and it will be, thats running without any problem at all and they are seeing the benefits in both locations.
Paul Bodner  Longbow Research:  Any further opportunities on that, along those lines?
Albert Neupaver: I think in those countries, especially the mining countries where they used the unit trains, again, point A to point B, the problem gets in is when you have to mix cars, you cant do it. The whole train has to be ECP or not ECP and as you know, freight cars could be pulled by different companies across the country. So, it is with these unit trains that I think we first targeted with this technology.
Paul Bodner  Longbow Research:  Can you also back off for the year on margins. I may never see it was round up in raw material prices. I mean, can we expect them to hold at the current rate or from the current quarter in the 14.3% operating margin there or did you expect that to pull back some
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we always get fluctuations quarter to quarter, but keep in mind, continuous improvement is what we really count on here. We are not looking for the big bang. We are looking to improve ourselves week-on-week, day-on-day, month-on-month, quarter-on-quarter.
Paul Bodner  Longbow Research:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Albert Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Market. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital Market:  Good morning.
Albert Neupaver: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital Market:  You said the $45 million of the $65 million increase in revenue was organic? Can you talk about price versus volume?
Albert Neupaver: I would think that we got very little of that as priced small percentage, single digit if less 
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital Market:  Okay, are you internally talking about raising prices to capture cost or youre not seeing the need to do that yet?
Albert Neupaver:  I think price increase  normally were able to deal with commodity increases, which is the surcharges but we dont consider that a price increase. Were discovering our cost. Normally, it affects your margins because you dont get the incremental margin on 
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital Market:  Right.
Albert Neupaver:  Where we have the  products that are much more differentiated than other products. Obviously, pricing is important and we will continue to be very aggressive in getting pricing where we can.
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital Market:  Okay. When thinking about the 10% freight growth, did that come more from freight car components themselves or locomotive parts or heat exchangers? Can you talk about where the real strength was in the quarter?
Albert Neupaver:  Yes, there was some strength in primarily aftermarket, international market, and heat exchanges, so all three probably an equal contributor to that growth.
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital Market:  Okay, and are you seeing any pull forward from customers who might be anticipating higher prices? Are they worried about input cost?
Albert Neupaver:  I think that theyre all worried about cost. I think, especially in the railcar area where it was probably the analysis of some fixed car contracts that make it very difficult. So, as I said earlier, this is  youre being pulled in both directions. Youre trying to recover and it depends on how much leverage that and buyer has a purchaser as on you. So, Im seeing a lot of pull from all directions when it comes to commodity pricing.
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital Market:  Okay, one last question. Over the past couple of years, youve typically had a little bit higher EPS in the back half than in the front. This year, the guidance says were a $1.30 about in the back half versus a $1.35. Should we read anything into that or can you talk about any specific concerns youre seeing by product line or region in the back half?
Albert Neupaver:  I dont think you ought to read into that at all. Other than typically, we see some seasonality in the third quarter. We have plans to shut down. Were more of international than we were in the past. I think that has an impact.  Weve also seen that increase in business  the volume increase and each, the next two quarters get increasingly more difficult as to comparison basis. So, I dont think you ought to read anything into those numbers.
Steve Barger  KeyBanc Capital Market:  All right, very good. Thank you.
Albert Neupaver:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Blumenthal of Emerald Advisors.
Scott Blumenthal  Emerald Advisors:  Good morning, gentlemen. Congratulations on the quarter.
Albert Neupaver:  Thanks, Scott.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Good morning, Scott.
Scott Blumenthal  Emerald Advisors:  Have you seen  were not used to, as North Americans, $4 a gallon gas prices. Have you seen a market pick up in interest for more fuel efficient locomotives as of recently?
Albert Neupaver:  Yes, without a doubt. I think every class  one right now is working on programs that help. Thats part of the  we talk about Wabtec being one of the few companies in the world that could really change the technology of the industry when it comes to efficiency productivity. Thats exactly what ECP and ETMS  actually give you that opportunity to do so. So, were really pushing hard to get our technology and implement it and part of that technology, especially the positive train control, is with that on-board computer when tied with some kind of autopilot or gas optimizer or fuel optimizer, it could result in some major benefits.  Also, keep in mind that from a standpoint of our own locomotive business, our thrust on our commuter locomotive has been fuel efficiencies and that were things that we were pushing four or five years ago. And the introduction to our low emissions locomotive used in the yard is obviously more fuel efficient. I think the fuel efficiency on our commuter locomotive was 35% improvement over previous commuter locomotives.
Scott Blumenthal  Emerald Advisors:  Okay. Have you been able to, Al or is the thrust to  
Albert Neupaver:  One of the things, Scott, I was just thinking about to answer that question. I also read a statistic that  I couldnt go out and verify this but this was stated by the  Ed Hamberger of the AAR that if he moved just 10% of the freight from trucks to freight rail, we would save 1 billion gallons of fuel in a year. Thats the kind of statistics that really excites you about the rail industry. I apologized for interrupting you.
Scott Blumenthal  Emerald Advisors:  Oh, no. Thats okay. Thats helpful. Is there an initiative then at Wabtec to package all of these fuel-efficient and low-emissions offerings into one kind of a green offering and market that to rails? You talked about positive train control. Youve talked about ETMS. Weve got low-emissions locomotive. If you put all of these things together, there is a very compelling package to offer  total package to offer to rails not only in efficiency and cost savings within in environment.
Albert Neupaver:  No question and we have an open position in marketing here, Scott. 
Scott Blumenthal  Emerald Advisors:  And its not all far commute for me. 
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Hey, there you go.
Albert Neupaver:  These are some of the discussions weve had during our strategic planning sessions. It was amazing how different divisions come in with this green approach. And some of the thoughts that you really talked about and putting it all together, is a package  its a unique and its a good idea. 
Scott Blumenthal  Emerald Advisors:  Thank you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Scott, just to add, this is trivial but just to give you an indication where were going when we were doing the strategic plans for our Friction Unit. They were even talking about a green break shoe that its totally recyclable and decomposable and they think thats something that would have appeal to the railroads worldwide. So, I think everybodys moving in that direction and were not going to be left behind. We think we can participate.
Scott Blumenthal  Emerald Advisors:  Okay and I guess my last one  Thanks, Alvaro. Is the weak dollar, are you starting to see or have you seen interest from other geographies locals, that you wouldnt normally have seen looking for products that are priced in dollars and maybe wanting to source U.S.-based goods where they traditionally wouldnt have been interested?
Albert Neupaver: Yes, obviously it makes us more competitive on our export product and weve seen that almost globally. So, it has had some of the positive effect on our international business.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  And again, the key for some of our products is you have to be approved before you could sell. You have to be homologated and approved by the specific rail unit or the governing authority of that territory and thats really one of the advantages of Poli. We do get products that have been approved and now, we can start supplying some of that content through low resource countries. So the Poli acquisition fits right in with being able to do what you just said.
Scott Blumenthal  Emerald Advisors:  Okay. Well, thank you and congratulations again.
Albert Neupaver:  Thanks, Scott.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Thanks, Scott.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions) Gentlemen, we have no further questions at this time.
Albert Neupaver:  Okay, thanks a lot
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Thanks, Andrea.
Albert Neupaver:  Bye-bye.
Operator:  This concludes todays Wabtec conference call. Thank you very much for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Albert J. Neupaver  President, Chief Executive Officer Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
Analysts:  Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets 
Operator:  Welcome to the Wabtec first quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) Id like to turn the conference over to Tim Wesley.
Timothy R. Wesley: Welcome to our first quarter call. Id like to introduce the rest of the Wabtec team who are here. We have our President and CEO, Al Neupaver; our CFO, Alvaro Garcia-Tunon; and our Corporate Controller, Pat Dugan. As usual, we will make some prepared remarks first. And then well be happy to take your questions. We will make some forward-looking statements during the call, so please review the disclaimers from todays press release. With that, Ill turn the call over to Al Neupaver, our President and CEO.
Albert Neupaver: What Id like to do is cover our first quarter results with a strategic update, and then take a look at our current market conditions and the outlook for the rest of the year. We will have Alvaro cover the financials in more detail. We had a record first quarter, with many things going right for us. This gives us a good start for 2008.  In the quarter strong sales increase of 22% to a record $383 million, we had record earnings per share of $0.66, thats 27% higher than a year ago. Our backlog is at $1.1 billion, thats up 11% from year-end, thats a strong performance given our record sales in the quarter. These numbers demonstrate our good progress on our strategic growth initiatives, those being global and market expansion, new product development, aftermarket expansion and acquisitions. Lets talk a little bit about those strategic initiatives. From the global and market expansion aspect, in the first quarter we posted record high 44% of our sales were from outside of the U.S. We view the global expansion is a good growth opportunity for us from two standpoints. Firstly, they are very large markets and we have a small market share as of today. Secondly, there is a number of these emerging markets are growing nicely, especially being driven by the Asian expansion and mining countries like Australia, South Africa and South America. From a new product standpoint, we continue our work on Vital ETMS development, and were supporting a number of existing pilot programs. We now have an ECP, thats an electronic controlled pneumatic train in service on the southern company cars running between the Powder River Basin and Alabama. We also have a lot of activity with other railroads on the ECP programs. From an acquisition standpoint, weve had significant activity in corporate development area with potential acquisitions and JVs some of which we hope to report on soon. Based on our performance in the first quarter and the outlook for rest of the year, we are increasing our 2008 guidance. With sales growth estimated to be in the high-single digit and earnings per share of about $2.55. Our last guidance was at $2.50.  Our freight business is holding at a high level, and we continue to see growth in transit and our international markets. Keep in mind, this is the second year in the row that our sales and earnings are forecasted to increase significantly even if the U.S. freight market is down. This shows the strength of our diversified business model, our strategic initiatives are paying off. We are driving margins higher with our Wabtec Performance System. All that being said, we do believe its prudent to be cautiously optimistic about the rest of 2008, due to the uncertainty about the economies in the U.S. and abroad. Lets now talk a bit more about our current market conditions. Rail traffic, so far this year ton-miles are up 2.2%. This is being driven by the economy, so we will watch this very closely. As expected, rail car deliveries will be down this year, but still at a good level. Most industry analysts expect the deliveries to be between 50,000 and 55,000 cars. The official first quarter numbers have not been released. We expect the deliveries will be near that of what we saw in the fourth quarter and that orders will be down significantly because there was this one large order in the fourth quarter that really drove the orders up to around 23,000, I believe, so we expect that to come back down. All that said, we think there will be some erosion in the backlog. Key point is, in the first quarter our freight group sales were up 4% versus expected car deliveries being down possibly as much as 10%. Once again this demonstrates the diversified business model we talk about, with only 20% of our sales directly related to new freight cars. The locomotive market is strong right now. OEM builds are expected to be up in 2008. As we look at the transit market, which is driving quite a bit of our growth. If you look from fourth quarter to first quarter, we had growth of around 5%. There was 7% growth in transit, and about 3% growth in freight. In transit, the strong market drivers are federal funding and passenger ridership. Federal spending is up 6% this year.  Ridership continues to increase across the U.S. The American Public Transportation Association has reported a ridership hit a record $10.3 billion in 2007 up 2.1% from 2006. Whats driving this is the high fuel costs and environmental concerns about emissions.  Alvaro will now drill down into the financial results for you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  We had another record quarter, which were very pleased with. A few highlights of the quarter would include continued sales in earnings growth, a growth in the top line is very important to us. A good operating margin improvement, well talk about that a little bit more. But thats something that weve been targeting, our growing backlog signifying the stability of the company, and good progress as I mentioned in executing our growth strategy. To hit a few of the specific numbers, sales were about 22% higher than the prior year quarter and hit a record $383 million for the first quarter of 07. One particular number that were proud of it is about three quarters of the sales increase over the prior year was organic. The only acquisition that we added from the first quarter of last year was Ricon, and that added about $18 million worth of sales, quarter-to-quarter. The transit group led the way with a strong increase due mainly to higher sales from car refurbishment projects in the U.K., commuter locomotives in North America, and the Ricon acquisition, which I briefly mentioned a second ago.  The freight group sales, as Al again pointed out, also were higher than the year ago quarter, in spite of lower car deliveries, and this is in line with our expectations. This was good performance as we have been able to offset lower demand for OE freight car components with growth in other areas with growth in other areas such as electronics, which weve been targeting and the aftermarket. Were really focused on driving margins higher, with particular attention on the operating margin. With expansion in transit, we expect gross margins to basically remain flat, maybe decrease a little bit, but we think we can use our operating leverage and our Lean techniques to increase operating margins.  For the quarter, operating up margins were 14.1% versus 13.4% last year. Again this is mostly due to the sales growth in transit, and the Ricon acquisition. Improvement, as I mentioned earlier, is really due to our Lean manufacturing efforts and the increased volume. Not get to the balance sheet and some of our working capital numbers. Working capital as a percentage of sales was pretty stable with the fourth quarter of last year if you do the ratios, youll see that they are very similar because sales has increased quite a bit.  Receivables increased by about $64 million from the fourth quarter of 08, because really for a variety of reasons, one was higher sales. Sales were particularly strong in March as compared to December last year, and what happens is the March receivables wont get paid until the next quarter. December is typically slow month, because of Christmas and the holidays. We also had higher international sales and they get paid slower, as well as because of our 52, 53-week year, we cut-off on 28 of the month, and you get a lot of checks, believe it or not, arriving at the 31 as people pay in their normal course. So all those factors led to the increase in receivables.  Inventories were about $10 million higher than the prior quarter, than the fourth quarter and payables decreased by about $7 million. Were not happy with this working capital performance; we think we can do better. Its largely driven by volume, but as a Lean company we think we can offset some of the impact of increased volume and we think we can do better on working capital, Cash balances, we spent about $24 million during the quarter to buy back our own stock and this combined with the higher working capital resulted in a net use of cash, the way we measure, which is just cash on the balance sheet compared to the prior quarter of about $60 million. Cash generation is one thing that you all know, we proud ourselves on, so this is an area where I think we can make continue some improvement. And then hopefully, well be able to show that improvement as we continue through the year. A few of the basic statistics that we always include as part of this phone call, depreciation for this quarter was $6.4 million versus $6.1 million last year, amortization was $903,000 this quarter versus $541,000 last year. The increase in amortization is basically due to the higher intangibles of our two of our most recent acquisitions, Becorit and Ricon. Our CapEx is very stable, $3.9 million this quarter versus $3.4 million last year. Backlog, another number that I know you all like to keep current with, for us this is another positive indicator for the future. Total or multi-year backlog is up 11% even with the record sales this quarter at just over $1.1 billion. The rolling 12-month backlog, this is the backlog that we expect to execute during the next 12 months. Right now, that number is $582 million. At 12/31/07 it was $532 million. Freight, you can break that down between freight and transit. Freight is $180 million in the 12-month backlog versus the $154 million at 12/31/07, and transit is $402 million versus $379 million at 12/31/07, so both of those segments improved.  The multi-year backlog, which again includes the 12-month numbers, but also includes the backlog we would expect to execute after the 12-month period, was $1.1 billion versus $1.02 billion last quarter. Freight was $228 million versus $225 million last quarter, so basically stable. Transit $902 million versus $796 million last quarter.  And with that, I will turn it over back to Al for a quick summary and then we will do Q&A.
Albert Neupaver: Once again, we had a strong performance with a record $0.66 quarter, record sales and a growing backlog. The momentum is building with the growth of this business. Most of our end markets continue to be positive, which gives us confidence to increase our sales and earnings guidance, although we are keeping an eye on the U.S. and global economy. The diversity of our business model, freight and transit, aftermarket and OEM, NAFTA and international is serving the company well. The Wabtec Performance System provides the established culture of Lean manufacturing and we have an experienced and a dedicated management team.  With that, were all happy to answer some questions for you.  
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Alvaro, on the working capital, receivables and inventory in particular what impact did FX have on the increase?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  FX, we normally would compare it quarter-to-quarter, in other words, if you compare it to 12/31/07 versus right now. Its basically had a very small increase, I think it was $1 million, one way or the other, I think, it was $1 million actual decrease.  From 12/31/07 till 03/31/08 and you do the balance sheet on a stock basis, when you translate, exchange rates were relatively stable, so there wasnt a real big effect. From the first quarter of 07 to now, there was more significant impact because obviously those dollars weakened more between that period of time and that was more like $8 or $9 million or something like that. But quarter-to-quarter it hasnt been that much.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  Al, when we take a look on the transit side, it seems as if from a macro standpoint, funding in a good position through next year. But if we look longer term, clearly the economic impact is a lot easier to delineate what it means to the freight side of the business. But with regards to transit funding, can you give us a little sense of what you are hearing from your customers there?
Albert Neupaver:  I think if you look at North America first of all, Jim, what you find is that this increased spending in the spending bill has been approved through September 2009. Now what that means is that the funding bill stops, but the programs dont. And these programs that were working on right now that have funding should run well into 2010 and actually some of them could go into 2011.  And if you look at the last time this bill was approved, there was a while before they actually approved the next spending bill. I think it was almost an 18-month period. But in this case, there is a tremendous amount of activity being driven by the ridership, that I think what were seeing is, were already working on next bids for New York City, the design is already being developed, so I think that activity is very good. The second part of the transit is the expansion globally. And we are really seeing nice growth at our U.K. business in the transit area, where we do repair of transit cars as well as locomotives now. And that business is growing very nicely. As a matter of fact, were hosting next week an Investor conference that if anyone is interested, more than welcome to visit to see that operation.  And we are also in the Asian arena, there is a tremendous amount of activity in the transit area. And as I stated earlier, these are very large markets that we have a very small percentage in. So we think that were pretty happy with obviously where were at. The backlog is very good, and that backlog runs out almost five years, where we have the business. And there is a couple of contracts that extends out to 10 years.
Jim Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott:  On the freight side of the business, the result youve been able to put up definitely a stand out. When you take a look at clearly all the mixed signals out there, could you talk a little bit about how youve able to drive that above market growth share versus new markets for instance, and just any other color you can provide on the overall outlook for the freight market?
Albert Neupaver:  In the freight market, we are able to calculate the impact of every thousand car dropped in delivery, and we know what that number is and we are very focused in all those areas that arent tied to railcar build to have growth strategies in place. As we look forward to the railcar build, it is a little bit fussy and one of the reason why we want to be cautiously optimistic.  If you look at the divisions and the products that are tied to the railcar build, our estimate of the impact is right on. So we know what that impact is, we build models around that and try to plan growth strategies to offset that.  The other thing weve done in the freight area is again there is a lot of activity offsetting that railcar build on an international basis. Mining countries that I mentioned, Australia, we have a great position in the Australian market. We established our platform there early along when we acquired a friction company. But since then weve grown a business that supports our freight market down there thats actually larger than the friction business. So we have two separate divisions there. Were also seeing a lot of activity, not just in Australia but South America. South Africa, we are working on signing a joint venture to supply product. We already have a project down there with our electronic controlled pneumatic braking system on the Spoornet line. So were seeing quite a bit of activity here.  The other thing about the freight car is our diversity. When you look at what we do from a service standpoint, we have a stated strategy to grow our aftermarket. And our aftermarket sales have maintained 50% of our total sales again this quarter, which means as we continue to grow were continuing to grow our aftermarket at the same pace. And thats really an important aspect of ours.  And not only diversity from a aftermarket standpoint, but think of some other products where were on leading-edge technology in our electronic areas, were really putting a lot of development timing, getting their return for some of that now that weve got our electronic controlled pneumatic braking programs out there on pilot as well as the electronic train management systems. So it really takes a lot of effort to look at every different division we have and maximize the growth potentials that we know were going to be offset. We accept the brutal fact that 20% of our business is directly tied to railcar. When you look at a share type of thing, most of the types of businesses we are in, were in a duopoly, so share goes back a little one way or the other. But its normally not those big swings that you would see.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Wendy Caplan - Wachovia. 
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia:  I know you dont give segment margin detail until the Q is filed. But is it fair for us to assume that the transit margin was close to or better than last years peak of 10.9% in the offset?
Albert Neupaver:  Its obvious that we have to be improving the transit margin in order to get our results. And we have done I think that youll see when you look at the Q and if you look at back over the last couple of quarters, you will see that improvement. There may be a quarter where it fluctuates a little bit but if you look at the trend, what youre going to see is good improvement on the transit margins.  And what we are doing there, we are extremely focused on this, because we knew the mix was common, it became very important for us to address this. And what we continue to do is look at Lean manufacturing opportunities, sourcing opportunities, outsourcing some of the vertically integrated processes, we have moved some of the business to lower cost platforms. So weve really had a lot of focus in, yes youre correct in assuming that you are going to see a good trend. And we are going to stay focus on continuing that trend.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia:  Al, can you talk about pricing margin, some detail on the backlog profitability relative to what youre shipping at this point?
Albert Neupaver:  I think that what weve tried to do going forward on a continuous improvement type of aspect, we want to try to continue our margins. We are getting some pricing on those products where we have the level of differentiation from the competition. On those products we dont have it, were really focused on cost reduction, so that we continue to add value to our customers. So I think that what youd see is that it should be equal or if not better as we go forward, and Im pretty sure that would be the case.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia:  Thinking strategically about your share repurchase that you did in the quarter. despite your prepared remarks about your positive view of the acquisition environment, Im trying to understand whether youre saying something bearish about it, and with the stock near record highs, what it says about your confidence in the shares of Wabtec.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Weve got tremendous confidence in the shares of Wabtec, and we think that the company is still a good value, a very good value. And were going to be opportunistic from the standpoint of share repurchases.  And Ive said before, if we have our way we would prefer to invest in internal development, internal growth first; second, acquisition; and third, we are very open to stock repurchases. And in each Board meeting we spend a lot of time talking about dividends and special dividend type expenditures as well, so were very focused on them. We really feel that Wabtec is a good value at this point.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia:  Did that say anything? It seems like you are saying two different things. You are positive on the acquisition environment, but no its not, your number one focus in terms of cash deployment. Can you help us understand why you are optimistic relative to acquisitions?
Albert Neupaver:  The reason were optimistic is that we continue to see opportunities. And weve been working on I think, if you go back to the last conference call I talked about some of the activities were working on is really trying to expand globally. And in some of those cases it takes an extreme amount of time and effort to do that.  So we are optimistic that were seeing the things, but were going to continue to be selective. And we are going continue to make sure we do the right things going forward. I dont think that it means that were any less focused on that at all.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan. 
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan:  On your guidance for the year, it does not include any anticipated acquisitions or any of these potential JVs that you talked about?
Albert Neupaver:  Thats correct.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan:  As I think about the acquisition front, relative to what youve been saying over the last couple of quarters, is the progress eased up a little bit? And if so, is that a function of youre seeing better asking prices for companies currently?
Albert Neupaver:  We havent seen much relief in that area. I think that what you find especially as you look at the credit markets, and I think its out there. But we havent witnessed any of that where theyve eased off at all, so I still think we are finding the environment very competitive.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Art, you got to remember were not looking at the multi-billion dollar companies. Were not looking at the billion dollar LBOs that are highly dependent on financing. The companies that are in our sweet spot are still finance-able. And so some of the market was ridiculous and some of the ridiculousness, if I could say that, has decreased. But youre still seeing a pretty competitive market out there.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan:  And Ive never been worried about your ability to finance the type of deals you want to do, so thats not been a concern of mine. You had mentioned something about possible joint ventures. If youve mentioned that it just slipped my mind, but I dont recall you ever talking about that before. And if Im correct in that, what has spawned your thinking in that regard and without being specific, what opportunities have you looked at?
Albert Neupaver:  I do talk about in strategy as we try to globalize the businesses is that no matter where you go in the world there is a different strategy. As you get into South Africa, for example, if you want to have preferential ability to sell the product you have to have a minority partner. Minority partner depending on the percentage and the rating they get that depends on how much money you could sell to the government that runs the railroad. So thats the type of JV that Im talking about. If you look at China, if you are going to sell to the Ministry of the Railroad which is the government the best you could do is a 50:50 JV, so if there is a direct sale there thats considered a strategic industry in China. So if you were to try to develop a partner, you would have to do it from a joint venture standpoint.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan:  Say for instance in China, you mentioned selling to the Ministry of Railway. Are they pretty much the only customer that youd be seeing in that country?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  If youre talking about freight, the answer is probably, yes. If you get into the transit markets and some of which they would consider short-line railroads, there are some public railroads that you could sell to. But the main market is driven by the Ministry of the Railroad.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan:  And I did hear you allude to ECP, earlier in the call. And I dont know if you alluded to ETMS. But did you generate revenue in the quarter in either one of those products?
Albert Neupaver:  Yes.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan:  Do you care to tell us how much?
Albert Neupaver:  I probably dont have that at my fingertip, I think if you follow-up with Tim later, we could.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  We could say, but in general, it was meaningful to us in the sense that it showed the project was gotten underway. But it wouldnt be what I would call say material to our financial position. I am just going to give you a wild SWAG, so if everybody hears the same number. But its under $15 million for both.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan:  And I didnt expect it to be a big number, but something for us to watch going forward. And Alvaro, on the backlog, you recently, I think it was earlier this week, announced an order from the State of Maryland. Is that correct?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Right, for commuter locomotives [inaudible].
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan:  Yes. Was that in the quarter ending backlog numbers you gave us?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Yes, that is in there, Art. I think what happened probably, Art, we got the order beforehand but a lot is going on. What you have to do with the announcement especially when you are doing with the state, is you have to run it by the state and you can imagine the channels that you have to run it by the state. So there is typically a pretty long time lag in announcing a municipal contract.
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan:  No, I understand that. But it was three weeks, so I didnt know if you were able after the quarter or not, I just wanted to clarify that. And then, what was your share count at the end of the quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Im looking at our release and our release shows the weighted average shares diluted to be 49,037. Thats the weighted average. I think the number is 48,306,864. Thats issued and outstanding.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets. 
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  In terms of your comments on the pneumatic brakes, $15 million on the revenue line in the quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  I said under, under. Im giving myself some room there. Give me some room.
Albert Neupaver:  And that was both electronic controlled pneumatics and ETMS.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  Thats combined.
Albert Neupaver:  Yes.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  Are you positive margin on that business?
Albert Neupaver:  Were covering our cost. And thats the significance of it, because if you go back a couple of years that was not the case. In development of these products with our stress to try to be in the front of technology as far as you go with efficiency, productivity, and safety of the railroad, we spent a lot of money over a number of years. And we are now at a point where we are covering our costs in both of those products.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  In terms of orders for the brakes and we are starting to see some uptick in strength in certain commodity types for the rails. I know their total volume is still under lot of pressure, but some of the coal demand and listening to them talk about investment in coal infrastructure to support the export markets.  And Norfolk Southern was talking yesterday about the multi-year demand cycle for export coal in the number of European coal fired utilities and things like that. Are you beginning to see an uptick or any strength at all on the freight side of your business and especially as it relates to the pneumatic brakes on the freight side of your business?
Albert Neupaver:  Yes, where we are seeing a lot of interest or I think the uptick not interest, is the uptick is if you look at ton-miles, ton-miles being up year-on-year of 2.2%. What that drives for us is one, the aftermarket business, because thats a direct relationship to ton-miles, I think thats a very positive thing.  Now, when you look at the railcar build, what we very easily are seeing is a correction related to the high backlog and the rapid build over the last couple of years and still a lot of that backlog being related to products that is tied to ethanol.  And the one area in the railcar build that we are seeing a drop off is intermodal and thats really economy-driven that were bringing in less imports now because as we all know were in what seems to be much more of a consumer type of recession than a manufacturing recession. So its kind of mixed signal on the freight side, John. As far as ECP is concerned, Yes, its growing momentum. First, you saw Norfolk Southern do a test and then BNSF is doing the test with us on Southern Company. And I think youre going to see and were seeing interest by other railroads to follow suit. So I think youre going to see most of the railroads are going to be testing this technology and verifying the benefits of it.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets:  Your backlog is very robust and youve gotten a couple of nice orders here recently. With the momentum building and that backlog is among the best in the industry, you put up a great margin this quarter. What concerns you the most that leads you to temper your enthusiasm? And yes, $2.55 is a solid number, but with the backlog the way it is and the margin performance, I am just curious what tempers your enthusiasm?
Albert Neupaver:  First of all, I think its prudent to be conservative and were trying to be conservative and were also. If you look forward, the uncertainty with the economy is what really dampens that enthusiasm. We are very excited about our opportunities, We think that we are going to be able to perform nicely going forward. But I think when you take a look at the uncertainties of the economy here and globally, we want to be conservative. We want to build credibility and deliver the results. And thats what were focused on.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors. 
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors:  I was of course, were all pleasantly surprised to the strength of the performance this quarter. And, last year, in Q1 you delivered I think a 20% revenue growth, and so this is a pretty tough comp. And that maybe the basis of his question as to, why it appears your enthusiasm is tempered because, youre not coming off single-digit sales increases, youre coming off 20%, 30% sales increases and you are delivering on them, basically the same type of increases year-over-year.  Weve moved from single to high-single digits here. But we havent seen a quarter over the last five, where youve been lower than 20% revenue growth. So can you talk a little bit about maybe the geography, the geographic distribution of the sales, and can you talk about the quarter and where do you think its going to play out for the year?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  I think this quarter is pretty indicative of what we see in the market right now. We are able to grow outside of the U.S. We think that that market will continue to be strong. You look at the U.S. market, because of the backlog and the spending in the transit area, we think thats going to support, especially the business we have and I think the uncertainty lies primarily with the North American freight market.  I think that the global freight market should continue to be strong, unless theres some type of major problem in the expansion in Asia and other emerging parts of the world. We are very excited about the opportunity, as I said. And the enthusiasm not just comes through from me, but the whole team here and I think weve got some great opportunities ahead of us and were going to get focused on delivering those opportunities. But at the same time, we think its really important to be very prudent and conservative as we look forward.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors:  Alvaro, do you have a breakdown geographically of what the sales mix was for the quarter, and how much ForEx?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Yes. Outside of the U.S. it was 44%, within the U.S. it was 56%. We dont really break it down much further than that, Scott. And that was up, I think say for all for the last year, at the same for the same quarter, it was closer to 60/40 split, so it has gone up on an increasing revenue, which shows that our attempts to basically broaden our product distribution are working.
Albert Neupaver:  And one thing we have given in the past and well give, we are about 29% outside of NAFTA. And that was a few years ago, that, you were talking probably 20% to 22%.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors:  And Alvaro, do you have any idea of what ForEx might have contributed to the quarter?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  In general, this year, we almost have like a natural hedging strategy. In the past, we had more exposure to the Canadian dollar than we did to other international currency, so we have a cost center and can be cost-centered in Canada and then profit-centered outside. And our exposure in the cost centers outweigh what we are getting from say, Europe and Australia, etc., so we hedged.  This year, we actually found the two tend to offset each other. In other words, our exposure in the cost centers in Canada, the dollar soften tends to be offset by the strength of the operations outside the U.S., so basically, it never is an exact wash, but in terms of a material number, its not a material number.
Albert Neupaver:  If you look quarter-on-quarter, FX contributed about $5 million on the revenue line and on the EBIT line, it really had no significant impact based on what Alvaro just said, but from the sales standpoint, about $5 million.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors:  And can you talk about pricing? I understand that in the transit when were delivering transit backlog that thats probably pretty static, but can you talk about the rest of the business and where you see pricing.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  Overall, pricing is stable. There are areas where we feel that we have some ability to raise prices that we are very focused on them, a few divisions have done a great job at that. And these are places where we really have a lot of value to add to our customers and those are the ones that we are focused on. And generally, its still pretty competitive out there but we feel that the pricing is stable.
Scott Blumenthal - Emerald Advisors:  And how about the exposure to raw material pricing, your large steel users?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  If you take a look at year-on-year, there has been a jump in some of the commodities especially steel and scrap steel. And we have really been focused, since probably we got burnt, I am sure number of years ago like everyone else, we have escalator surcharges, we have agreements with the people we purchased from, so that we get those escalated cost either in a surcharge or covered by our inventory of purchases.  So we are not 100% covered. As matter of fact, youre always got to stay on top of it. There was a bit of lull, for a year or two without much activity and we have noticed that some of the commodities have spiked and weve responded well to it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research. 
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research:  Can you just give a little more detail on getting into Europe, penetrating Europe with some of your current products, and just the status of that?
Albert Neupaver:  In the European arena, weve obviously made great inroads from the friction standpoint based on some of our acquisition activity. In the U.K., which is not part of the continent, they remind us every so often that weve done great there with growing that business. As far as developing some other activity weve worked internally and have other external activity going on to try to help meet the specifications required in order to do business in that area and weve had some good successes so far.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research:  Could you give me some indication kind of develops periodically over time, you gain your products reducing your given timeframe, would you like to really get in there more?
Albert Neupaver:  Yes, its going to take a number of years in order to get into that market, there is no question about it. There is barriers of entry very similar to the markets in the U.S., and you have to overcome those, and how you primarily do that is with better technology and thats what were focused on.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research:  On guidance for the quarter, you are getting towards revenue growth in the upper-end of single-digits. If I just take a look, is there any reason to think that first quarter rate either transit segment or freight group segment revenues are at their peak levels for the year, and that they wouldnt sequentially increase, maybe with a pause in the third quarter for some seasonality is that?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon:  We would like to see some seasonality and I think again, our conservatism and prudence is really related to if something fell off, which we have no reason to believe it would.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research:  So its almost a worse case economic activity that takes a dive in the freight market?
Albert Neupaver:  I wouldnt use that term.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Can you possibly just update us on some of the large public transit bids that you are currently working on and also possibly, comment on your expectations for the timing of the announcements and if possible, maybe revenue potential?
Albert Neupaver:  Yes, that would be very difficult to answer. Were working on some large contracts; I can tell you that our total, let me tell you something I can tell you. If you look at the options on the current projects that we have, there is about $300 million of options, that more than likely will come our away as we go forward. This is what happens as you get the appropriation, they make an initial offer, we have options behind it and thats about $300 million of business that would be very similar to the businesses that we are running right now. In addition to that, there is a lot of activity at many of the transit authorities here in North America and worldwide and we have a number of opportunities out there. They fall into, I would expect well be able to announce some more contract awards this year and I think they will extend well into next year as well. But as far as the specifics of those particular orders, Id rather not give that out.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  You had also talked about a solid international market for freight cars specifically. Are you seeing an increase in freight car exports or is this primarily being served by the local markets?
Albert Neupaver:  Generally the freight, the railcars are built overseas and what you will find is that some of them have a tie to their U.S. builders. But in general, you have local railcar builders throughout the world and so we need to work with the local people and thats why you almost have to have a local presence if you want to do business.
Operator:  We do not have any further questions at this time.
Timothy R. Wesley : We look forward to speaking to you in three months and we will see some of you next week in England. Thanks.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William E. Kassling - Chairman of the Board Albert J. Neupaver  President, Chief Executive Officer Emilio A. Fernandez - Vice Chairman of the Board Alvaro Garcia-Tunon - Chief Financial Officer Timothy R. Wesley - Vice President - Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Patrick Dugan - Vice President - Finance, Corporate Controller
Analysts: John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research Brannon Cook - J.P. Morgan Waymond Harris - Bear Stearns Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC R Bentley Offutt - Offutt Securities Inc. Nick Pantazis - Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Wabtecs Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. And operator will give instructions on how to ask your questions at that time. (Operator Instructions) Please note, this conference is being recorded and transcribed. Now, Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Wesley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wesley, you may begin.
Timothy R. Wesley: Thank you, Ryan. Good morning everybody, and welcome to our fourth quarter call this morning. Id like to introduce the rest of the Wabtec team who are here; we have our President and CEO Neupaver, our CFO Alvaro Garcia-Tunon, and Pat Dugan, our Corporate Controller. As usual, I will make some prepared remarks and then we will take your questions. We of course, will make some forward-looking statements during the call. So we do ask that you review todays press release, as well as our SEC filings for the appropriate disclaimers. With that, let me turn the call over to Al Neupaver, our President and CEO.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks Tim, good morning. What I'll do is what I normally do and that's cover our results for the quarter and we will take a look at the full year for 2007. We will talk a bit about our current market conditions and outlook for 2008, and update you on any significant events that are happening as far as our strategic growth initiatives. Then we'll have Alvaro, who cover the financials in a little more detail. We have solid financial performance in the fourth quarter. It was a good finish to the year. Strong sales increase of 24% to a record 365 million for the quarter. We recorded EPS of $0.58 versus $0.53 a year ago quarter, but that $0.53 included a $0.08 tax benefit. Our backlog remained over $1 billion for the seventh straight quarter. This is really worth noting, considering the fact that we had such a strong performance related to our revenues during the quarter and the year. We also had a good cash year. We were able to generate about a 140 million in cash flow from operations. We ended the year with a cash balance of about 50 million higher than a year ago, but even after spending 73 million for an acquisition and 18 million to repurchase stock. Thats a good cash performance, and thats what really drives our ability to invest in the future and our growth strategies. Based on that ability to generate cash and our board's confidence in the companys future, we decided to expand our stock repurchase program by an additional $100 million. We can now buyback up to a total of a 150 combined with the amount remaining on the initial authorization in 2006. We can repurchase up to an additional 113 million of Wabtec stock, while leaving us ample capacity to invest in acquisitions and internal growth.
 : I'll talk a little bit about those strategic initiatives. We have good progress in the quarter on new product development. Our electronic train management system is really beginning to gain steam. Pilots are continuing with BNSF, the UP and at Metra. We announced in the quarter a development program with Norfolk Southern, to develop a vital electronic train management system. Weve also had joint meetings all the railroads to discuss interoperability solutions. All this adds up to a high level of interest in ETMS. Secondly, our electronic controlled pneumatic braking system, we equipped 300 coal cars for the Southern Company, which is being run by BNSF train right now. It's in revenue service between the Powder River basin and Birmingham, Alabama. We also have our ECP trains running in Australia and South Africa. The industry momentum is building for ECP. We also have finally completed our demonstrated running unit for our ultra-low emissions locomotive. We will be sending this to a class run railroad late in the quarter for service testing. From a global expansion standpoint, weve been very busy. We expect another year of double-digit sales growth outside of the US. In South Africa, we completed a joint-venture to manufacture friction products and to set up a platform for other product sales in that part of the world. In Australia, we have numerous opportunities for component orders including ECP braking. And during 2007 we were able to add an aftermarket service center to our Australia base. In China, we are diligently working forward to create a JV in that country and continue to expand our product offerings. Lets talk a little bit about the markets. Rail traffic was down in 2007 compared to a record 2006. So far this year, ton-miles are up around 2%. This traffic is going to be driven by the economy. As expected, rail car deliveries were down in 2007. Deliveries were about 63,000 versus 75,000 in 2006. Most industries analysts, excuse me expect low to mid 50,000 rail car deliveries this year. The backlog is high 76,000 with a large order rate entry in the fourth quarter around 24,000 that was one large order that was placed. The key point here in the fourth quarter, our freight group sales grew by 7% compared to previous year, and if you look at car deliveries during that same period they were down 17%. Once again, this demonstrates diversified business model that we talk about. Only about 20% of our business is tied directly to new freight car builds. The locomotive OEM builds are expected to be up in 2008. Looking at the transit markets, they are strong drivers. Federal funding is there and passenger ridership is that all time high. Federal spending is up 6% this year ridership continues to increase across the United States. High fuel costs and environmental concerns about emissions could continue to drive this growth not only in North America but throughout the world. I'd like to now just turn it over to Alvaro and have him give us a little more information on the financials.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thanks, Al, and good morning everyone. Like we previously mentioned, we had a pretty good quarter and weve remained optimistic about the outlook for the future. To get little bit more of the specifics, sales were 24% higher and they hit a record $365 million about 60% of that, which I think is a more impressive statistic, came from an organic growth -- from internal organic growth. And this really reflects the benefits we believe of our strategic growth initiatives. The organic growth came from several units, one of which is WRL, which our transit car refurbishment unit in the UK. They had an increase in its business, and we also had continued strong sales of commuter locomotives in North America, and of course contributed to the overall growth primarily the -- our acquisition of BECORIT in Germany, a friction company in Germany and Ricon the transit lift manufacturer in California. Freight sales, we are also higher than a year ago quarter and this was in line with our expectations. Were particularly proud of this performance, Al touched on it briefly in just a second ago, we'd been able to offset lower demand for OE freight car components with growth in other areas. Primarily these other areas were our radiator division, which sells to the locomotive market, which has continued to be strong, and also our after market and our electronic units, their sales are particularly strong as well. Operating margins for the quarter were good at 12.5%, this compares to 12.4% in the year ago quarter and for the year, though, we drove operating margin to 13.2 versus 12%, which is a nice improvement. And this is particularly a good improvement given the sales growth in the lower margin the transit segment of our business which went up from about 35% of total sales to about 46% of total sales year-over-year. Another notable financial, I guess, statistic to mention, was that the tax for the fourth quarter of this year was 35.3% versus 25.4% a year ago. Last year tax rate was unusually low. We had a release of evaluation allowance of about 3.8 million related to state tax NOL carry forwards. This year's quarter was more normal, but it was also beneficially impacted, because we released evaluation relating to a Mexican NOL carry forward. This amount net of other adjustments was about a $1 million and our tax rate for the year pretty much in line with our expectations for year-to-year 36.5 to 37.5 our tax rate for the years will normally vary somewhere in that range. Working capital wise, we had a solid performance in the quarter. Total working capitals decreased by about 25 million, receivables were up slightly about 6 million partly based on the strong sales. Inventories were down by 10 million, this is a nice achievement. Payables increased by about 19 million. Working capital, right now at the end of the year stands about 10% of sales, which we believe is a good level for a company of our scope of operations. Cash at the end of the year, stood at about $235 million, the debt remained at $150 million, so we have significant flexibility to invest in our growth strategies and to continue to repurchase the Wabtec stock as Al mentioned earlier. Miscellaneous items that you always try and cover in the phone call, depreciation for the quarter was 6.5 million versus 6 million last year. Amortization for the quarter was 1.6 million versus 1.2 million last year. And CapEx was 7.6 million versus 7.4 million last year, a very steady. For the year, depreciation was at 25.1, amortization was at 4.6 and CapEx was at 20.4. In terms of where we are backlog wise, which again we try to give out in every call. The backlog still stayed pretty strong in spite of the record sales. It still stands at over a billion. The 12-month backlog, the backlog that we expect to complete and execute in the next 12 months, totals about $532 of that billion and you can break this down about a 154 in freight and 379 in transit. But the multi-year backlog, the total backlog is $102 billion, 225 million of thats in freight, 796 million of thats in transit and that's a normal split. Again, the transit is a backlog driven business but freight is not, it's more a current purchase order type business. And that pretty much wraps up the financial summary, and I'll hand it back over to Al.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks Alvaro. Well we've had a record fourth quarter and full year results. Growth in 2007 demonstrates that our diverse business model is serving the company well. We have many reasons to be optimistic about the Company's future. The freight market still remains at historically high levels, we have a tremendously strong backlog, our growth strategies, global expansion, aftermarket growth new product development, and acquisitions are producing the results and providing future opportunities. The Wabtec performance system provides a continuing path for margin improvement and we've shown that. We have a strong management team and we're all committed to profitable growth. With that, we'll take some questions. Ryan, if you want to poll the audience for questions? Sounds like we have a slight technical problem that we're going to get resolved.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from Brannon Cook of J.P. Morgan.
Brannon Cook - JP Morgan: Good morning, guys, nice quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning, Brannon.
Brannon Cook - JP Morgan: I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit more about your growth expectations in the transit markets as we look to 2008. You've had a number of big contracts ramp up and drive pretty solid levels of growth. Could you talk a little about the visibility for what you see in terms of new potential business wins and organic growth over the next couple years in that business?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. In the transit market as we all know that was a transit bill that was passed and it was retroactively passed back in 2005, 2006 and that transit bill authorization goes through September 2009. And in that authorization, what you saw was a commitment of 6 to 8% of increase spending year-on-year. And the market place right now is really very strong, we have the strong backlog in the transit business. We think that we've seen the ramp up that in 2007 that we expected. As you can see from our guidance for 2008, we dont expect a similar type of ramp up, but to maintain at a good level there are a lot of programs out there that -- large programs that we still have bids on. The one program that seems to be the center of attention when you talk about transit is the R-160 program and I can give you a little specifics on that. We'll be shipping the remaining of just the first third of that entire program in 2008. The options have been left for the second group, which is again about a third of that 1,760 car commitment and we would expect to start shipping that in 2009 throughout the year and in 2009, we will start seeing the business for 2010, the third portion of that contract. We  when you look at the other big transit order that we have, we only received the initial order from GO Transit on the locomotives. The options we should be seeing that portion later this year. The initial amount was 26 locomotives value of about a 120 million the second is I think 26, 27 locomotives, so would be an equal amount of revenue. And there is a lot other programs that going on North America. We also view opportunities from the transit standpoint as we continue to internally develop our products on the international basis where the market, on a global basis, is much larger than what we have in North America. The transit authorities are quite strong in Europe and there is a lot of development and we're seeing some business in Asia as well. So I think that the market is strong, will remain strong, and we're excited about those opportunities.
Brannon Cook - JP Morgan: Okay. That's helpful color. And a question on the share buy-back authorization. You guys have a stronger balance sheet than you've had historically. You have strong levels of free cash flow. I guess your preference has been towards acquisition in terms of cash uses, I guess, as we go forward given the strong balance sheet and strong cash flow, do you sense that you have the potential to perhaps execute on the share buy-backs a bit more quickly than you have historically? And provide kind of an update on your thoughts about uses for cash?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, use of cash, and we just had a board meeting. Every board meeting we sit down and go through all the options and talk about what is the best way to utilize this good balance sheet that we have. And that's really, as you said, based on our ability to generate cash over time and the Wabtec performance system has done that and we think we can continue do to that. If we have our preference on how to invest the cash, we obviously, I think, the most healthy growth is always internal growth and we continue to focus strongly on developing our technology through new product development and market expansion in  of our existing products. Secondly, we would like to utilize this cash to grow through acquisitions and we're going to be very cautious. We're going to be very methodical and we're really going to make sure that we get the right acquisitions. Thirdly, is we would look for other options to deal with our cash, which is obvious that the board has supported a stock buyback program, a large one, and there is other options as well that we explore each and every meeting and we look at what we think is best for the company and our shareholders. So you would see continue a push in that direction. As far as what our plans are on the buyback, I think that I'll just say that it is authorized and we think that the stock price is such that buying back stock right now a smart thing to do for the company.
Brannon Cook - JP Morgan: Okay. Great. And just a last question on the acquisition landscape. Could you talk a little bit, you mentioned some of the opportunities potentially joint ventures internationally. Could you talk about that what's your scene in the marketplace? You know, the weaker economy here in the US is creating essentially more attractive evaluations and how the competitive landscape is for those acquisitions and that if they're fewer private equity parties, et cetera, how that's playing out.
Albert J. Neupaver: The acquisition pipeline it is very good for us. We're very busy. We've got a lot of activity going on. Some of that activity is really related to global expansion and -- they're not large opportunities, but they're obviously very time consuming and we're moving forward on a lot of those opportunities that are going to create growth opportunities going forward. We also have other opportunities that we're looking at. As far as the private equity involvement in the acquisition arena, we really haven't seen a decline at this point. I also feel that we're seeing that when the railroad was at its peak, the railroad sector, you saw a lot of people entering the market now that there is a softening or a decline. I think that there may be some people holding back a bit, but we've have good activity and we've explored a lot of opportunities. We're going to be very careful and cautious as to what we do with our money, especially when it comes to acquisitions.
Brannon Cook - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Lucas of Janney Montgomery Scott.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning, Jim.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: Two questions today. First on the market expansion growth initiative, could you give us an update there in terms of where you are currently and anything that we might keep an eye out for in 2008? And secondly, with regards to the international arena, you know, you touched in the last answer about in the last answer about International Transit presenting a lot of good long-term opportunities. Maybe bring us up to date in terms of some the things you've got going right now and if you could just expand a little bit in terms of organic versus potential acquisition opportunities that would help you expand in the international transit markets?
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. First question, Jim, is related to our market expansion experience. Right now, we have about 10% of our business is outside of the rail industry. And the one product that has grown extremely nice for us is our heat exchanger business. We talked a little bit about this in the past and this has become a product that we have found that we have a tremendous amount of differentiation from others. This product was initially designed for the locomotive so it had a run a high temperatures, a very rugged environment. And, it has found its way to be able to be able to solve technical issues related to the [Operator Instruction [Progen] area. People like Caterpillar, Kohler, and others where they have to run at higher temperatures now in order to meet the emission requirement. And again, they're in a lot of rugged areas. So our capability there, we've been able to expand, not only in North America, but we think there is a lot of global opportunities as well for that particular business. The other area is that, as you know, we have a good strong position in friction technology, our braking products in both the transit as well as the freight area. We have tremendous amount of technology and acquiring BECORIT during late 2006, it just added a tremendous amount of technology to what we already had. Their capabilities are really related to testing and extreme environments and a lot of development work and we feel that there is tremendous opportunity in the friction area to really look for business opportunities in that particular area and some of the other industries. And we've already been able to take our existing products and apply it to mining, to the windmill power generation area, as well as some industrial applications on cranes and lifts. So I think those are two good examples. We have other products that we're doing the same thing with. So we will continue to push to take our existing products, technologies into those other markets. Again, improving on our diversity of the company, without getting away from our core competencies and our core capabilities. From an international standpoint, we think there is opportunity both organically and from an acquisition standpoint. When you start to look at a global expansion strategy what you rapidly find out that, that strategy has to be different for every different part of the world. There is cases where we have the capability to take and internally develop a product that we could apply in another part of the world. In other areas, where there is high barriers to entry, for example, South America, you have tremendous amount of tariffs and duties in order to sell into that area. So we need to have either a green field or an acquisition capability. There is barriers to entry as far as certification, especially in the European market where you have UIC requirements to get through and we're diligently working on our technology, which is different than the technology used in other parts of the world. So, every part of the world, the one model that has been extremely successful for us, has been our model in Australia and we've been able to -- we acquired a few businesses, but we've also taken some of our products and moved and started to develop businesses for our other product areas. And we've taken a lot of our technology product there as well. I hope that answers your questions, Jim.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott: That is very helpful. Thank you, very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Morning everybody.
Albert J. Neupaver: Hi, Art.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Hey, quick question on seasonality and I know you're not giving guidance on quarterly earnings, but with the business mix shifting a little bit more towards transit, would that impact the kind of seasonal progression of revenue and earnings for the business going forward?
Albert J. Neupaver: The one thing about the transit orders, as you know, they're large. And what does happen sometimes, Art, is that you get delays in programs. And I don't think there is a time of the year where it makes that much difference as much as sometimes we'll run into a -- it could be a technical delay that may not -- we're involved whatsoever, but those delays on large projects, obviously could have an impact on the business. As far as seasonality from the transit, I'm not sure that there is much to it.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay. So, is that because more -- for our modeling purposes we can see the earnings progression for the year flatten out theoretically as transit becomes a bigger piece of the business?
Albert J. Neupaver: I'm not sure that we could -- that's almost providing a little bit..
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay. No that's fine. I don't want to
Albert J. Neupaver: One thing related to and one thing I can't say is that when you look at our Wabtec performance system, continuous improvement is what we're about, and, you know, we've seen that margin improvement and whether it's driven by revenues or not and we kind of have a model that we see that, what the mix is going to be and we just drive harder and harder, continue to try to improve those margins as we go forward.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Thank you. Just real quick, a clarification. Did I hear you correctly, when you were commenting on the R-160 that you did not  did you not receive any revenue on that in 2007?
Albert J. Neupaver: We had a little bit of revenue in 2007, yeah.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: [For bid].
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah, we started shipping 2007 and I'll  R-160s have been shipping all throughout 2007, I'm sorry Art.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay. So
Albert J. Neupaver: We will continue to ship back through the year.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Correct, but I  when you made that comment, I
Albert J. Neupaver: I appreciate, you are making that clear, because no I didn't mean to say that if I did.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay. So, you have been shipping throughout the year.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: And so, you are going to see a steady stay on that business into '08.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thats correct.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Correct.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay. And then, just real quick, you talked a little bit about the buyback and you commented on that I mean other issues relative to  how you want to spend your cash, is there anything to read in the buyback about the fact that there is really no large opportunities for acquisitions that you see in the marketplace?
Albert J. Neupaver: No, not at all. We just feel that, we are at a position and if you and if you -- we think that where we're valued as a company, it makes a tremendous amount of sense. A tremendous amount of sense to do what we're doing.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay. And then, then finally Al, anything keeping you up at night, right now? Anything that kind of out there on the horizon that you're a little worried about?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah, we had a new grandchild, so my two other granddaughters have been over at the house and I'll tell you, I haven't slept in a week.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Well, I'm glad it's that and not something else.
Albert J. Neupaver: No, actually, you know, I think from what is  you know, what concerns us, we're looking at this economy. I mean, I think that will the economy, you know that this is a sickly business. We don't run away from that brutal fact. We have to really have plans in place dependent on what we see ahead and we've got to continue to diversify our model and follow through with our strategic plan. So, I think the biggest thing that we're really worry about as a corporation, we are spending a lot of time talking about it, and preparing for it. And that's, what I am seeing the economy here in United States and we will have an impact on the rest of the world, now that we are more of a global company we were a year ago.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company: Great. Thank you, that really helped.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnes of BB&T Capital Markets.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey, good morning guys.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning John.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Good morning, John.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Al, congratulations.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you. It was a boy too, after three girls, so
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: There you go. There you go. See, I got my son out of the way early so now anything is gravy after that. So it's all good. Real quick, the tax legislation, this bonus depreciation, accelerated depreciation. You know, we've quizzed all the rails as to what it would mean to their CapEx budgets and I think on average I heard somewhere you could see somewhere between say a 10% or 15% increase in CapEx budgets in the next couple of years if there was some stimulus like that. I mean, do you foresee the same kind of increase in orders coming to you in the event that legislation gets done and there is some stimulus out there?
Albert J. Neupaver: We would think it'd be equivalent. I think that as you know, they distribute their capital budget about 70% to 80% on the wayside and the balance on rolling stock, I don't think they would change that balance. So if their number went up I think we would see equivalent. Now, are those packages going to get through there, that's a whole another story.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Yeah.
Albert J. Neupaver: You know, and I think there is other legislation that is critical as well and that's the safety bill that has passed the house and that would have an impact because its really ties into train control somewhat. I think the -- any discussion of the re-regulation of the industry, tremendous negative from a political stand point and obviously if there was some incentives for the railroad, it would be tremendous, not just for us, but the whole industry.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And the key to that John is when we do our planning, you know, we're kind of planning almost expecting the worst and a 10% to 15% bump in the spending, I mean, we can accommodate that very easily. So there wouldn't be any issue with us being able to accommodate an increase like that. I mean, obviously, we'd welcome it, and you know, it would be very easy to accommodate.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Sure, sure. Okay. And then, you know, as you look at your planned CapEx, if those kind of incentives get passed, what do you think in terms, you know, are there any projects you've got in the pipeline that you would accelerate?
Albert J. Neupaver: Not really. I mean, I think we basically do our CapEx on an as-needed basis. You know, I think the thing that has the most impact on our CapEx is our QPS system and lean manufacturing where you basically are not as dependant on CapEx as other type of operations. And really, apart from what we need, the other key component of our CapEx is what we need for growth and I think right now, to be honest, we're in a fortunate position that we do have the financial flexibility to be able to invest in all those programs that we think will lead to future organic growth. So to be honest, the additional depreciation would be nice, but it's not going to be -- it's not going to make or break a CapEx decision at our level.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, very good. Going back to the question that was asked early on about the use of cash, I kind missed the part where you talked about the buybacks a little bit. I mean could you just  could you give us some insight into how you view buybacks? I hate the word opportunistic, I mean, it sounds like you're picking it up a day -- you know, a day when your stock gets trashed for some reason. And I recognize you want to buy smartly, but I just -- give us some insight into how you approach a buyback program?
Albert J. Neupaver: Sure. I mean, lets start with the big picture, and really our approach is, you can take a look at the price of our stock. And we believe that the current levels, by our calculations, depending on how you do it and where is that day. But you're talking somewhere between 6 and 7 times EBITDA. Last time I did it was about 6.53 or something like that. So, we are right in the middle. And we think, if those levels, its an attractive buying opportunity. We believe in ourselves and we believe in our ability to execute to plan. So to us, the company stock is an attractive buying opportunity. How we go about, executing under the plan, which I think was your other question, is obviously price-driven, but I think we'd move in there now to -- we don't buy during quiet periods. We don't have a 10b5-1 Plan, which you can automatically execute during quiet periods, because we like the flexibility of an open market repurchase plan. But now that the quiet period will open up, we'll be out there buying aggressively, [I think].
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, Al. And then last question, going back to the acquisition question. Al, your comment about 10% of revenue currently coming outside of the rail industry. You know, what would you be comfortable with as you make acquisitions? How far are you prepared to stray from what's been your kind of core expertise? Are you willing to let potentially 50% of revenue come from non-rail related things or are you kind of keeping it, would you prefer to keep a little bit more in the expertise?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think, when we judge acquisitions really the important, first important question is, is it strategic, is it not strategic. And we would prefer to stay as close to the core as we can. However, we feel that it is also important to take your competencies and your technological capabilities and expand those from that core. What we wouldn't want to do is -- we've really separated, we've actually analyzed this down to almost a little bit of a science and that we've categorized acquisition potentials in four columns and the fourth column to the side is just anything it's totally non-related to our business. And we really have no interest at all for doing that and as you go further to the left of this sheet; you would find that it's really in our industry core in the first column. What would you feel comfortable with? I think what you feel comfortable with is businesses that are close to your core. I really haven't thought of the -- and I don't know if I'd apply a percentage to that. We're really a rail company and I think that  we think that long-term rail has been the backbone of this country and will continue to be the backbone of this country for many years to come and we really believe in the rail industry. So we're not trying to become a different company. I think it's a compelling industry right now. It's a green industry. It's going to grow It's a green industry. It's going to grow. It's the only way that you could move people and freight from point A to point B economically with the price of oil where it's at and everything else. This is one compelling industry and I think that you're seeing other investors catch onto that. That's what attracted me to come over and work at Wabtec. All right, I think it's a great industry and we're not looking to change our core, but we also are realistic that if we have competencies that we can match up, that we want to take advantage of that.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Good deal. All right. Well thanks for your time, nice quarter. I appreciate it.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Waymond Harris of Bear Stearns.
Waymond Harris - Bear Stearns: Good morning guys.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning, Waymond.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Good morning.
Waymond Harris - Bear Stearns: I had a quick question or a couple of questions. During the quarter you announced ECP order that you talked about. I think interestingly that it was from a utility air shipper and actually not from a rail and I wonder if you could actually talk about how you guys go about attacking that market? Is it that your sales people are actually out there calling on the utilities or calling on the shippers, because they own a majority of the rail cars or is it really the rails forcing the shippers to really consider or to -- into buying ECPs?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah, what you find today is the class one railroads, they run the railroads, but they don't own the cars. And you really hit on a very important factor is that one of the reasons why the adoption of ECP hasn't already happened, the technology is proven, the cost advantage is tremendous, and the report that Booz Allen did and you can't take these numbers exact, I mean, I'm going from memory here. But if every train coming out of the Powder River Basin had ECP on it, the cost would be $400 million to do and the return on efficiency productivity and everything else is like 170 million. So it's almost a no brainer. The problem is who pays for it and who gets the benefit and unless it's a total railroad owned by, say the Southern Company, the utility, they don't get all the benefits of being able to move faster and whatnot. And that's one of the reasons that I think you haven't seen the adoption that we should see. Then you've got the other issue related to mixed cars, but in these unit cars, there is just -- there is no good reason and I think there is a lot of interest in moving forward and find ways to solve these issues. But the cars themselves are actually owned by the utility or the coal company.
Waymond Harris - Bear Stearns: Well, I guess what I was wondering is are you guys doing anything to try and -- or can you talk to the actual shippers to -- is there a value proposition or is it something that it's really just, the rails and the shippers have to work it out?
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah, well, again that's an important question, because we really feel they're all our customers and we really need to be talking to the utilities, we need to the car owners. We also got to talk to the railroads themselves. We look at -- as all  every part of that is a customer voice. So, that is important, yes. Thank you.
Waymond Harris - Bear Stearns: And then just one last question, I know only 20% of your revenues come from the rail car manufacturers specifically, but just, Al, if you could give your thoughts that in the past couple of weeks there has been a 13D filing by American Rail Cars saying they would seek to do some sort of combination with Greenbrier and as a industry insider, so to speak, just your thoughts on how something like that might affect overall industry dynamics?
Albert J. Neupaver: I can't give you any specifics, but I think that in general you find that there are a lot of the rail car producers and I don't think that the consolidation effort of any railcar producer would have that much impact on the entire industry. For us, individually, we sell to all of them and we have a relationship with them. So we don't see any impact from it. There are  there is a lot of capacity at the various railcar builders.
Waymond Harris - Bear Stearns: And finally, I don't know, if I miss this or not, but did you give a specific percentage of your revenues that came from international during the quarter?
Albert J. Neupaver: I will give to you, we had about 40% of our business was ex-US in the  that was in the -- for the year, for the quarter was 43%.
Waymond Harris - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thanks guys. Have a good one.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger of Keybanc Capital Markets
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Good morning.
Albert J. Neupaver: Good morning, Steve.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Good morning Steve.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: I've kind of been jumping on a couple of calls, so let me know if any of this is redundant. But, on the freight side, can you talk about the opportunities for market share gains that remain in the US to help keep that sales growth performance versus industry deliveries going? Are there still a lot of opportunities there?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think from a market standpoint, we don't view it as a great opportunity for growth. We really have to technological new development taken, you know, newer products, because that market share really just flip flops a little bit between the players. So we don't view that as a growth opportunity going forward, Steve.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: But, here Steve with the new products does that I think we are developing, I think there are opportunities to develop leading positions within those new products.
Albert J. Neupaver: Right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And that's where we really our emphasis is.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. Well that kind of leads into the next question. Can you talk more specifically about your progress in penetrating some of the brick companies or countries I should say, Brazil, Russia, and into China, with respect to some of those freight components and is that a share opportunity or do you need the technology there as well or new products?
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, we are in some cases you do need different technology and there is some cases where it's a share issue. And those countries that have AAR type product, meaning, US product, where George Westinghouse extended his influence over the world and continues to it's matter of going in and getting share or bringing in technology that they're interested in. In those countries that use other technology or other basis and one of them is the European standard UIC, that's where we really have to have technological development in order to enter those countries or acquire a company that has that capability. We have some product that we are now selling into those areas and there is a lot of effort going on to get more products that meet those standards.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. The current funding environment, I think you talked about 6% growth on the transit side. Does your thinking change with respect to the outlook given, you know, some of the broader credit concerns, municipal or federal budgets and as it relates to housing re-pricing and tax collections? Or is that kind of ex all that?
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that that type of increase funding is in pretty good shape as long as the transit bill is there. Now each year, the budgets have to be approved and the spending has to be approved and sometimes they move things around. But if you look at the ridership, I think I read where New York City had 1.63 billion riders this last year was the highest level since 1951 and I stopped to get gas this morning on the way in and with -- as we all know, I mean, it is just  it's amazing. I think the push in transit arenas are going to continue and they are going to have to find ways to fund this particular growth that we're seeing right now and I think we're going to continue to see it.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: And the following to that is, European and Asian trains are funding, which I think is robust, but is there any way you can put a range around that or kind of talk directionally by region in terms of what kind of growth you expect as you put your plan together?
Albert J. Neupaver: We view that the European expansion, I think, is mid-single digits and will continue to be. But the expansion in Asia is double-digits. You're going to see double-digit growth. If their economies are expected to grow with that, the infrastructure has to grow even faster and that's throughout Asia, you know, India, China, we're seeing it all, throughout the world and we need to be in a position to take advantage of that.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Yeah, and what percentage of your transit revenue comes from Asia right now?
Albert J. Neupaver: I could give you transit outside of the US, I don't know if I could give you a number for Asia right now. Do you know it?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: (Inaudible)
Albert J. Neupaver: Outside the US transit for the full year of  was 55% non-US.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I would say that, Steve, that it's a relatively small part of that, because when you start talking transit-international you start talking about friction products, you start talking about our car overhaul business in the UK.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And, so most of that is non-Asian, but I think what that does highlight is the opportunities that are available in Asia and that's why we're targeting that area so strongly, because we think we can improve significantly there.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. One income statement kind of question. SG&A in 2007 grew 14% in dollar terms, you still got 100 basis points to leverage on that line. How should we think about SG&A growth or inflation in 2008 and can you get further leverage relative to wherever that comes in?
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. I think the one thing about SG&A, I think, if you take a look at the third quarter and the fourth quarter they were relatively stable. Actually the fourth quarter was down a little bit in the third quarter. And I would say somewhere in that range you always have a little bit in SG&A, an adjustment here and an adjustment there that's going to affect it. But for the most part, that's going to be a relatively good run rate. The reason for the increase from year-over-year is primarily due at acquisitions.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: So, I think what  in general, I think where we are right now is relatively stable. We're very mindful of economic conditions and we are keeping a very, very close eye on SG&A, because of, particularly  I mean we always do that, but particularly right now given the fragile state of the economy, that's one thing that we're really focusing in on. So asset and acquisitions I think you'll SG&A continue to be very stable.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. And one last question. You talked about the 10% of the business outside rail, I'm specifically focused on the friction side there. You said mining, wind towers, and crane, all very high demand segments right now, and understanding that's a small part of the business, how fast can you grow those product lines and are they better margin or worse than say the consolidated operating margin?
Albert J. Neupaver: Obviously, we  the one thing about market expansion, typically you're a small player in a big market. All right, two things that are good about that, number one, you have a discretion whether or not you go into it and that discretion, obviously, is highly dependant on what the profitability of that particular entry is. Secondly, you're starting out a very low small market share, so you see more rapid growth than you're capable of, until you get a more substantial position. So those two factors really make it an attractive to be able to look at this strategic concept that we talk about this market expansion.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: And, the profitability of those product lines?
Albert J. Neupaver: In general the margins on those products, in general, are quite good. They are probably in total, slightly above the company average. One of the issues we have within reality again you got to product-by-product.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Yeah.
Albert J. Neupaver: Is they don't get a lot of wear. You know the -- in essence the friction material that stops the windmill, the whole purpose of the windmill is to keep on going.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: All right,
Albert J. Neupaver: Or they stop it very rarely, so unfortunately you don't get quite the repeat business that you do with rail, but when you do get it the margins are attractive.
Steve Barger - Keybanc Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks very much.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: At this time, we currently have no more questions. (Operator Instructions).
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay Ryan.
Operator: Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver: No more questions, I think we'll sign off for today and we'll talk to you guys again in a couple months.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: All right, see you then, thank you everybody.
