===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer session begins. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Leila, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Waters Corporation's first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Dr. Udit Batra, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amol Chaubal, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. In this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, regarding future events, or future financial performance of the Company. We will provide guidance regarding possible future results as well as commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the second quarter of 2025 and full-year 2025. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. Please see the risk factors included within our Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs, and the cautionary language included in this morning's earnings release. During today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide presentation accompanying today's call. Both are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. In addition, unless stated otherwise all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today's call are on a comparable constant currency basis. Finally, we do not intend to update our guidance predictions or projections except as part of a regularly scheduled earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now, as we begin, thank you all for joining us today. We've structured today's call to highlight how Waters resilient growth profile, operational agility and innovation driving strong results, as we navigate a dynamic global environment including recently announced tariffs. Udit will start by framing our key messages and cover how we are well positioned to deliver against our 2025 objectives. Amol will then walk you through a detailed review of our first quarter performance, updated guidance, and the actions we have taken to stay ahead of revolving external conditions. After their remarks, we will open the lines for questions. With that, let me turn it over to Udit.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning, everyone. We had a fantastic start to the year. Double-digit instrument growth drove our performance as customer spending, especially in Pharma, exceeded expectations. Demand remained solid across all our end markets and geographies. These results are driven by our strong commercial execution and our steadfast commitment to operational excellence. I want to take a moment to thank all my colleagues for their dedication and outstanding performance. Their focus and agility enable us to accelerate the benefits of pioneering science and deliver solid financial outcomes, especially in dynamic market conditions. We have consistently shown leadership through turbulent times. Just look at the last five years, where we have successfully navigated the pandemic, the global chip shortage, supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressures. Through it all, Waters has become a stronger company by focusing on three guiding principles. First, we stay close to our customers and work tirelessly and with urgency to support their evolving needs as conditions shift. Second, while mitigating risks, we never lose sight of opportunities to enhance our competitive position, we remain focused on launching differentiated new products and investing in our capabilities. Third, we redoubled support and communication with our colleagues who are dedicated to the mission of the company and lead with an indomitable spirit. Staying true to these principles has enabled us to consistently deliver robust results over the past five years. Today, we continue to navigate a dynamic macro environment. However, our resilient downstream weighted revenue profile and swift operational actions position us to deliver high single-digit earnings growth this year, even after accounting for newly announced tariffs. Amol and I will discuss these points in greater detail later in the call. Turning now to our results. In the first quarter, sales grew 4% as reported and 7% in constant currency, landing at the high end of our guidance. Instruments grew 11%, led by mid-teens sales growth in both liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry with strength driven by Pharma and industrial end markets. Recurring revenue increased mid-single digits, which is in line with our expectations for a quarter with two fewer days. In China, sales grew 5%, led by double-digit growth in both industrial and academic and government applications. Earnings per share were also at the high end of guidance, supported by strong sales volume and an improvement in FX. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.25, reflecting low single-digit growth and high single-digit growth in constant currency terms. On a GAAP basis, EPS was $2.03. Our 11% instrument growth was led by mid-teens growth in Pharma. Additionally, order growth exceeded sales growth, highlighting continued momentum in our business. These results underscore our strong position in attractive secular markets particularly as customer CapEx spending has continued its recovery. As I highlight the drivers behind our strength, our message remains consistent. First, our team is executing well in an analytical instruments market still early in its recovery. Second, our revitalized portfolio closely aligns with customer needs at a time when instruments are ripe for replacement. Our innovation remains highly differentiated in markets that we serve, commanding premium pricing. And thirdly, our leadership position in downstream high-volume applications enables us to capture growth across an exciting mix of fast-growing testing opportunities such as those of GLP-1, PFAS and genetic testing. Innovation played a key role this quarter, reflecting an excellent customer adoption of our new products. In liquid chromatography, sales of our Alliance IS HPLC system more than tripled year-over-year, driven by growth across replacement and greenfield opportunities. Within replacement, customers are upgrading to leverage its smart features, flexibility and productivity advantages. At the same time, adoption at new and expanding manufacturing facilities within Pharma is particularly strong, notably among large U.S. CapEx investments. We recently expanded the Alliance IS Bio HPLC product line by adding the photodiode array detector to enhance spectral insights for biopharma development and QC. Waters now has four configurations of Alliance IS HPLC platform to support routine quantitative analysis and expanded spectral analysis of small and large molecules in development and in QC. Mass spectrometry growth was led by our Xevo TQ Absolute system, our top-selling mass spec again this quarter, achieving sales growth of over 50%. Its superior sensitivity and sustainable design continue to drive demand, particularly in high-volume testing areas such as food and environmental analysis and Pharma quantitation. In our chemistry consumables business, MaxPeak Premier Columns again significantly exceeded expectations, growing more than 30%. These products provide excellent solutions for separating complex molecules such as biologics and novel therapeutic modalities. Our differentiated portfolio continues to command strong pricing. As we look ahead, this combination serves us well as a mechanism to provide offsets and capitalize on new demand opportunities in a dynamic global environment. Our unique exposure to emerging high-volume testing drivers also contributed meaningfully to our growth this quarter. For GLP-1 testing, we saw continued demand of our PATROL UPLC system. This advanced analytical tool has become indispensable for in-process testing of these peptides during manufacturing. Additionally, our chemistry and HPLC offerings saw continued momentum in post fill finish quality testing, supported by solid CapEx investment and production volumes. While we have a leading position in the analytical testing of current GLP-1 injectables on the market today, we are also very well positioned for future oral introductions. PFAS-related testing sales grew over 90% in the first quarter, continuing the 40%-plus growth trend seen both in 2023 and 2024. LC-MS has become the dominant workhorse technique for regulated analysis of these compounds, including drinking water, soil and wastewater compliance monitoring. This is because most regulated compounds are polar and nonvolatile, making them best suited for liquid chromatography. We expect emerging regulations governing PFAS to drive testing in areas like food packaging and consumer products, which is an attractive opportunity for Waters. Given the need to detect the same nonvolatile compounds, LC-MS is also the method of choice in these areas. Our India team again delivered revenue growth close to 20% in constant currency driven by strong demand from generics manufacturers and CDMOs. Looking ahead, as outlined at our recent Investor Day, we expect approximately 30 basis points of annual growth accretion from both GLP-1 and PFAS testing and an additional 70 basis points to 100 basis points from growth in India. These volume growth drivers, combined with the instrument replacement cycle and our strong pricing performance present a compelling high single-digit plus growth profile for our company in the near to midterm. Turning now to new products. In the first quarter, we launched two new products in the TA division, the ElectroForce APeX-1 for precise mechanical testing of high-performance polymers and composites, and TGA Smart-Seal Pans, which support analysis of atmosphere sensitive materials in battery, polymer and drug development testing. Today, we also announced the launch of Empower for multi-angle light scattering detectors, which is an important milestone and commitment from our integration of Wyatt. This advancement expands the scope of critical quality attributes that a biopharmaceutical laboratory can manage and submit to regulators using our Empower software. Our steady stream of innovation continues to strengthen our core business and support our expansion into higher growth adjacencies. I will now cover our updated 2025 full-year guidance. Waters has a unique and resilient revenue profile anchored by our focused exposure to downstream high-volume applications. This includes Pharma QA/QC where growth is closely tied to manufacturing output and CapEx spending trends. Within these segments, customer spending has remained robust. Looking ahead, customer manufacturing needs continue to evolve, with potential for additional investment driven by tariff-related capacity shifts and U.S. Pharma reshoring initiatives. Our team continues to execute well with our revitalized portfolio, particularly as the instrument replacement cycle continues to ramp. We also expect sustained contribution from our idiosyncratic growth drivers and continued achievement of strong like-for-like pricing gains. Given our better-than-expected first quarter performance, we are raising our full-year constant currency sales growth guidance to 5% to 7%, while adequately accounting for U.S. policy developments in the academic and government end market. Our adjustment to ANG growth expectation represents a 50 basis point impact on our full-year growth outlook. But incremental price accretion from tariff-related actions is separately expected to contribute an equivalent 50 basis point tailwind. As such, our growth assumptions for the rest of the year remain unchanged. I will now talk about the current tariff situation and how Waters is positioned to meet the challenges from recent global trade policy changes. Our manufacturing footprint is highly globalized and it includes a strong existing U.S. presence. A significant portion of our ex U.S. manufacturing also takes place in jurisdictions subject only to the lower baseline tariff rate. We also do not have a significant tariff exposure to goods entering the U.S. from China or vice versa. After the tariffs were announced, we quickly stood up a cross-functional task force to assess tariff exposure and implement mitigation plans. We rapidly assess the impact of tariff exposure and implemented supply chain adjustments, selective surcharges for tariffs and limits to discretionary spending. Thanks to our swift and decisive actions, we are well positioned to limit the net impact of the newly announced tariffs to a modest $10 million on our 2025 adjusted operating margin, effectively offsetting the majority of a $45 million gross impact. Within our EPS, the combined resulting effect of tariffs and U.S. policy changes is fully offset by favorable foreign exchange movements. As a result, there is no net impact to our original earnings per share guidance. Reflecting our first quarter outperformance, we are raising our full-year 2025 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $12.75 to $13.05. This translates to approximately 8% to 10% EPS growth or 10% to 12% on a constant currency basis. Now I will pass the call over to Amol to cover our financial results in more detail and provide further details on our guidance. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. For the first quarter, we delivered sales of $662 million, up 4% on a reported basis and 7% in constant currency, placing us at the high end of our guidance range. Orders growth exceeded sales growth, underscoring our strong momentum. By end market, Pharma grew 8%, industrial grew 6% and academic and government grew 3%. Pharma saw double-digit growth in Asia and the Americas and 3% growth in Europe. Industrial was led by Waters Division, which grew high-single digits, driven by PFAS applications growing more than 90%. TA Instruments continued to benefit from battery testing demand. Within Academic & Government, as Udit highlighted, China grew double digits as we continue to leverage our local market presence. Regionally, Asia grew 13% with China growing 5%, Americas grew 6% and Europe grew low-single digits. By product line, instrument sales grew 11%, driven by mid-teens growth in both liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry. Recurring revenues grew mid-single digits as expected, given the two fewer days in the quarter. Customer activity remains strong and installed base utilization remains high with our consistent results supported by our commercial initiatives in service plan attachment, e-commerce adoption and the launch of new bioseparations columns. Overall, the first quarter execution was strong across markets, regions and product lines and our resilient growth exposure positions us well for the remainder of the year. Now I will comment on our first quarter non-GAAP financial performance. Earnings per share reached $2.25 coming in at high end of guidance, supported by robust sales volume and an improvement in FX rates. This represents 2% reported growth and 7% growth in constant currency. GAAP earnings per share were $2.03. Gross margin came in at 58.2% and adjusted operating margin came in at 25.5%, consistent with our expectations. Our operating tax rate for the quarter was 16% and our average diluted share count was 59.7 million shares. Turning now to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. First quarter free cash flow was $234 million after funding $26 million of capital expenditures. This represents 35% of first quarter sales and a free cash flow to adjusted net income ratio of 174%. Our strong free cash flow generation allowed us to rapidly delever our balance sheet. In the first quarter, we reduced debt by approximately $170 million. Our net debt position is now approximately $1.1 billion, returning to pre-Wyatt acquisition levels. This results in a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of roughly 1x. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and well-structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us to prioritize investing in growth. We continue to actively evaluate M&A opportunities that will enhance long-term shareholder value. Additionally, we will assess the potential resumption of our share repurchase program during the course of 2025. Now I will share further commentary on our full-year outlook and provide you with our second quarter guidance. Waters has a unique and resilient revenue profile anchored by our focused exposure to downstream high-volume applications. Within these segments, the recovery in customer CapEx spending has remained robust. Additionally, customer manufacturing needs continue to evolve, with potential for additional investments in new capacity driven by tariff-related capacity shifts and U.S. pharma reshoring initiatives, which is not included in our guidance. We continue to execute well with our revitalized portfolio, particularly as instrument replacement gains further momentum. We also expect to sustain contributions from our idiosyncratic growth drivers and strong like-for-like pricing gains. We are raising our full-year constant currency sales growth guidance to 5% to 7%, reflecting our better-than-expected first quarter performance, while adequately accounting for the recent U.S. policy developments in the academic and government end market. U.S. A&G customers account for approximately 3% of our total revenue making it a relatively modest part of our business. As part of our disciplined approach to forecasting, we have proactively adjusted our outlook for this segment by $15 million to reflect recent market developments. While this adjustment represents 50 basis points to our full-year growth outlook, incremental pricing accretion from tariff-related actions are separately expected to contribute 50 basis points of tailwind. As a result, our growth assumption for the remainder of the year remains unchanged. We are also raising our reported sales growth guidance to a range of 4% to 6%, reflecting our strong momentum in the first quarter plus recent tailwinds from FX rate assumptions. Turning now to the current impact of tariffs. As Udit outlined, we have acted swiftly to limit the net impact of the announced tariffs to a modest $10 million on our adjusted operating margin for 2025. Approximately 80% of our gross $45 million exposure relates to finished products manufactured in U.K., Singapore and Ireland for U.S. operations as well as raw materials imported to support U.S. manufacturing. The remaining 20% is tied to the trade between the U.S. and China. Approximately $8 million of our net exposure and $39 million of our gross exposure relates to the second half of 2025. To respond quickly and decisively, we established a cross-functional task force that immediately mobilized to assess risk, implement mitigation strategies and safeguard our financial objectives. Thanks to the team's rapid actions, including targeted supply chain adjustments, selective surcharges, and disciplined discretionary spend management, we have substantially mitigated this impact. While incremental pricing actions related to tariffs help preserve profit, their impact on the reported margin percentage differs. Accounting for the modest net impact of tariffs, together with the incremental favorable benefit of foreign exchange rates, we now expect our full-year 2025 gross margin to be approximately 59% and our adjusted operating margin to be approximately 31%. In both cases, this reflects a margin percentage that is roughly in line with our 2024 levels. Below the line, we now expect full-year net interest expense to be approximately $40 million, reflecting better-than-expected debt pay down in the first quarter. Our guidance assumes average diluted share count remains at approximately 59.7 million shares. We continue to anticipate full-year tax rate of around 16.5%, in line with last year. Consequently, we are raising our full-year 2025 EPS guidance to account for better-than-expected first quarter performance, while absorbing the full impact of tariffs and U.S. policy changes without any degradation to our prior earnings expectations. We now expect full-year 2025 adjusted earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $12.75 to $13.05 inclusive of all tariff impacts. This is approximately 8% to 10% growth and 10% to 12% on a constant currency basis. Our guidance accounts for announced tariffs that are currently enacted and those scheduled for after the 90-day pause. Turning to the second quarter of 2025, we expect constant currency sales growth of 5% to 7%. Net of currency translation, reported sales growth is expected to be in the range of 4% to 6%. For EPS, we anticipate our second quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $2.88 and $2.98. This represents approximately 10% to 13% reported EPS growth or 12% to 15% growth on a constant currency basis. With that, I will hand the call back to Udit for closing comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. So in summary, our first quarter results reflect excellent momentum and reinforce our confidence in both the recovery of the instrument market and the steady growth of our recurring revenues. We are executing from a position of strength, anchored by resilient sources of growth and a revitalized portfolio that continues to command strong pricing. We remain firmly on track to achieve our 2025 objectives despite the recently announced tariffs and no expected impact to our original EPS expectations for the year. Our commitment to operational excellence, financial discipline and rapid execution continues to deliver solid outcomes and creates value for our shareholders. We are energized by our progress, confident in our positioning and immensely proud of our team who have been instrumental in achieving these strong outcomes. So with that, I will turn the call back to Caspar.
Caspar Tudor: Thanks, Udit. That concludes our prepared remarks. We are now happy to open the lines and take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jack Meehan with Nephron. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning.
Udit Batra: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Meehan: I wanted to start – talk a little bit more about the replacement cycle dynamics that you're seeing called out in the script that it's still ramping. Can you just talk about the different customer classes within Pharma biotech, what you're seeing there? And then for Amol, within the 2025 guide now, is there any update to what your forecast was for instruments?
Udit Batra: Jack, good morning and thank you. Look, instruments performed extremely strongly in Q1 came in ahead of expectations, right? So double-digit growth driven by both LC and mass spec growing in the mid-teens. Now your question is around the replacement cycle in Pharma, in particular, LC and Pharma also grew in the mid-teens, really, really strong growth. There, the growth was led by large Pharma, where I'll remind you that our focus is on late-stage resilient applications in QC, in manufacturing and in the generic segment, so large Pharma, generics and CDMOs, which is about 75% of our Pharma business all grew in double digits. So the replacement cycle is well and truly underway. The funnel is quite strong, and our customers are really responding well both in greenfield and brownfield opportunities to the Alliance iS building a stake there as well. Amol on the 2025 guide.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. And so the only change for the remainder of the year in our guide is mainly around the U.S. A&G business. It's a very small portion of our business, like 3%. What we've done is we've proactively meaningfully derisked our U.S. A&G forecast. So we've prudently assumed 20% decline for U.S. A&G for the rest of the year, which brings our overall A&G for the full-year to a mid single-digit decline for the full-year. And that creates a 50 basis points topline headwind. Now separately, our selective surcharge actions on tariffs add about 50 basis points on the topline. And so for rest of the year, net of the two, there is no impact. So that's roughly the guide change.
Jack Meehan: Great. And one follow-up. In the Pharma biotech customer class, have you seen any change in behavior related to tariffs, like specifically from what you can tell? Was there any pull forward in the first quarter? Or have you seen any increase in ordering in the second quarter just around customers' positioning around tariffs? Any color on that would be great.
Udit Batra: So really no change in behavior, Jack, at all, right? The funnels are quite strong. I mean we've seen momentum through the quarter. So really no change in behavior. And in terms of the tariff impact on Pharma itself, look, just like us, the Pharma customers are spending time thinking through what actions they would take if tariffs were implemented on their products. And just like us, they're thinking through supply chain modifications. And you must have read sort of the over $160 billion commitment that many large Pharma players have made to restore in the U.S., we're very well positioned with all of them. And if and when that comes, we are sure to benefit from it. It's not included in our guide. But seeing absolutely no change on the replacement dynamics in large Pharma, in particular. Now I just want to take the opportunity also to take a step back, right? We're getting caught up in sort of the small – the changes that are occurring every single day. The Pharma industry remains one of the most attractive end markets. Look, I've spent close to 30 years of my career, half of it in Pharma and half of it sort of serving Pharma through the life science tools industry. And I can tell you, innovation has never been stronger. It is there to meet the needs of an aging population, both on the acute and chronic side. So we feel very good about our position in serving the Pharma industry as we together work to getting the benefits of this pioneering science to many, many customers in need. So very positive about the long-term prospects of Pharma, but in the short-term, really no change in dynamics on the replacement cycle.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tycho Peterson with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Congrats on the quarter. I want to probe into price. I don't think I've ever heard you guys use pricing so much on an earnings call. So maybe talk a little bit about what you're expecting on pricing this year, where you're seeing the greatest ability to push price? And are you not all concerned about pharma pushing back on pricing, and that does seem to be one of the things we're talking about in response to tariffs is leading on their own suppliers.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So look, I mean, Q1, we did 200 basis points of like-for-like price. As you know, we don't include upsell in our price embedded in our previous guide and also in this guide is excluding tariffs, 200 basis points of like-for-like pricing gains. Now we are doing selective surcharges associated with tariffs and they are going to contribute about $15 million or 50 basis points incremental to this 200 basis points of like-for-like pricing gains, and that is embedded in our revised guide.
Udit Batra: Right. And in terms of your second part – the second part of your question on pushback from pharma. Look, I mean, we've had very close collaboration with our customers. As far as the 200 basis points on innovative products is concerned, I mean, that's always sort of welcome if you're introducing new products. As far as the tariff surcharge is concerned, that's been conversation – that's been conversations with one-by-one with customers, and we track the stick rate on a daily basis. And I would say between 80% to 90% customers have fully understood what we're trying to do with 10%, you have to have a debate and explain the reasons why and what parts but we're very confident on both the $200 million on the – driven by the product differentiation and the additional 50 basis points that is a surcharge due to the tariffs.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then a follow-up on India. This has obviously been a nice growth driver. You've got some tailwinds heading into 2026 with Semaglutide moving over there. How do you think about maybe longer-term risks around that business with manufacturing moves more onshoring? Do you think that what you're seeing there is sustainable?
Udit Batra: Yes, it's a good question, Tycho. Look, I mean, just like the innovative pharma industry, generics have a strong role to play in relieving funding for reinvestment in innovation. And India has played a strong role in supplying genetics to the rest of the world, like our large pharma customers, Indian generics companies also have global footprints, right? And they're in a very straightforward way able to reshore in other geographies. None of them have initiated any of those discussions. But I think if at all, there are tariffs, they will again look at the same levers that we have or large pharma companies have including supply chain adjustments, and we're ready and we have the best relationships with them to help them navigate through it. Now that said, the results in India, again, were close to 20% constant currency growth, and we're extremely proud of the team in India that is taking our new innovative products and really embedding them in the generics value chain.
Operator: Our next question will come from Puneet Souda with Leerink. Please go ahead.
Puneet Souda: Yes. Hi, Udit, Amol, Caspar, thanks for taking my questions here. First one on the tariffs and supply chain realignment side. Can you elaborate on what's already completed and what remains to be in terms of supply chain realignment in terms of Wilmslow, Singapore versus U.S. and what remains to be optimized? And then is – are the LCs and mass specs affected by the IP domiciling and transfer pricing issues that affect the API for the drugs – or are you largely not impacted from that? And I have a follow-up? Thank you.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So Puneet, a couple of things. I'd like, look, our gross impact is $45 million. And most of that shows up in the second half of the year, primarily because in Q2, you have some inventory, but our teams did an excellent job of bringing more inventory and stockpiling before the deadlines. And that partly is also the reason why the cost associated with that was the drug on our Q2 gross margins. But then sort of second half is pretty clean and can be extrapolated into the future. Within that, if you say within the $45 million, roughly $15 million is offset with surcharges roughly $14 million is manufacturing cost actions that are largely on the landing mode. I mean, the actions that we have embedded in our guide are pretty much on the landing mode at this point. So we feel pretty comfortable there and roughly $6 million is discretionary spend management. In terms of – your other question on IP and – so it does affect, right, because at the end of the day, where you are manufacturing, you have an IP there. So you are bringing the product into another domicile at a certain transfer price. You can't change those transfer prices very easily without sort of moving the IP in the first place. So the $45 million exposure that we've outlined includes all of that impact in it. Again, there are more moves sort of planned that will go live at the beginning of next year, which will allow us to completely offset the impact as we go into 2026.
Udit Batra: And so Puneet, just one embellishment to what Amol has said. Look, none of this stuff happens automatically. And I think you're used to us reacting rather rapidly to a changing and challenging environment. And many of you had the chance to meet our team at our Investor Day. I mean these are folks who are extremely dedicated to assessing the problems on a daily basis. We meet daily developing solutions and implementing them rapidly. And we continue that cadence on a daily basis, and I'm extremely thankful to the dedication of the team to be able to offset 35 out of the 45 gross rose $35 million impact – $45 million impact that we saw for the full-year.
Puneet Souda: That's great. Thanks for all the details. My follow-up is, I mean, you're indeed outperforming significantly versus the peers. And that comes to the differentiation of what Waters is, its products, the quality and where it's situated in the pharma servicing the pharma customers. I'm wondering, can you talk – take a minute and talk about how the pharma customers in the U.S. and Europe versus the pharma customers in India are thinking about in this macro environment, I think the questions are still about the second half and the confidence of these pharma customers and your positioning there that helps you gives you the confidence to raise the guide and see outperformance in the second half as well. Maybe could you elaborate a bit on that? Because obviously, we're not seeing this from the rest of the industry.
Udit Batra: Puneet, thank you for the question and the opportunity to comment on this rather important topic. Look, what does – as you know, it positioned extremely well downstream in high-volume applications where regulations are key. And we've made that our home. We've been executing in that domain extremely well. Now we're at the beginning of the replacement cycle, which helps our instrument growth. And you saw double-digit instrument growth already in Q1 – we're not seeing any slowdown in replacement discussions with our large pharma customers, our genetics customers or our CDMO customers, all of which are continuing to grow in mid-teens, right? So we grew in pharma high single-digit. These three segments are growing in the double digits, right? So driving the growth and they're a large part of the story is the replacement cycle. Now as you look at each of these different segments I commented earlier as well, not only is the funnel strong, the conversations are extremely strong. And as they think about navigating the complex macro environment, they are talking to us about changing of their manufacturing footprint, different supply chain reconfigurations. And given our relationships with these customers, we stand to benefit from it. And that gives us the confidence to raise the full-year guide given the outperformance in Q1. Pharma is a large part of that story and our downstream presence, our innovation, which is meeting these unmet needs, the focus on idiosyncratic growth drivers like GLP-1 testing, like the India generics outperformance, like the focus on biologics is all helping. So really excited about what we're seeing from our customers and their focus on ensuring that they play a strong role in getting safe medicines to people and we have a strong role to play there.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Catherine Schulte with Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Catherine Schulte: Hey guys. Thanks for the questions. Maybe just what are your expectations for China for the balance of the year? Are you seeing any hesitation in customer spend there? And then what are your latest assumptions for stimulus?
Udit Batra: Good morning, Catherine. And thank you for the question. Look, China came in ahead of expectations, around 5% growth for the first quarter. And this was driven by a strong performance in stimulus-related opportunities in the academic and government segment, where – we're benefiting from our wider distribution as well as the localized footprint and equally benefiting from our TA portfolio, which did extremely well in the battery testing arena, right? So A&G actually came in double digits for China for the start of the year. Now as we look at the balance of the year, we've assumed that China basically remained stable at a low single-digit growth. So we've just taken it down from the 5% growth in Q1. We've assumed that it is low single-digit growth. And any wins in the balance of the stimulus would be considered upside, right? So basically low single-digit for the balance of the year, even with a strong start for the year. So a bit of prudence built in there.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean Q1 was consistent, right, even if you exclude the stimulus, we were relatively flat and we have a strong local presence that is executing really well on not just the stimulus, but the broader business, which reflects in our overall number.
Catherine Schulte: Great. And then maybe a follow-up on reshoring. How do you think about that as a potential tailwind? And how long after some of these capacity announcements do you typically see the demand start coming for your products? I know you said it isn't in 2025 guidance, but just curious how you think that rolls out from a cadence perspective?
Udit Batra: So Catherine, it's early days. I mean, these are just being announced. We're in close conversation with all our customers. Nobody yet has detailed plans on exactly what they're going to do. And as they emerge, we expect to play a strong role given that our focus is and it remains on late stage or marketed compounds, which is where a lot of these capacity expansions will come to support existing products, right? So we feel very confident about our position, but it's early days. There's not a lot of detail on exactly where these manufacturing facilities going to be put up across the U.S.
Amol Chaubal: And just having a service organization with the best NPS scores really puts us in a driver's seat, right? Because they are part of all these conversations around tech transfers and site movements. But as Udit alluded, like none of this has converted into orders. None of this is in our guidance.
Udit Batra: And Amol's point is an excellent one. Look, I mean the service team is the first one to find out when you're opening up a new manufacturing site, customers want to be sure that the software is transferred appropriately. The methods are transported appropriately and the new products that the new instruments that they purchase really have sync up with the software as well as with their other sites. So when – if and when it starts, we will be one of the first to find out.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sung Ji Nam with Scotia Bank. Please go ahead.
Sung Ji Nam: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. I'll just ask one, it’s a multi-parter on academic, especially U.S. academic. Obviously, it's a very small portion of your revenue. But could you remind us kind of what is the latest number for that in terms of your exposure? And then also curious kind of what you're seeing on the ground currently. Are you actually seeing meaningful weakness from your customer base? And then lastly, with all the structural changes that are being proposed, are there opportunities for Waters to kind of actually take advantage in terms of future opportunities in academic, especially in U.S. academic? Thank you.
Udit Batra: I'll start and then I'll pass it on to Amol. Look, you're right, in academia and government is the smallest end market for us. So we're not really reflective of exactly what's going on in that segment as many of our peers might be. The U.S. portion of that is roughly 3-ish percent. Now ironically, the start to the year was excellent, right? That segment grew double digits, driven by PFAS testing and Department of Defense orders, right? So starting the year with a double-digit growth. But as Amol pointed out in the prepared remarks, we have assumed a significant decline for the balance of the year, right. The year started with double-digit growth. But for the rest of the year, we've said is going to go down by 20%. Amol, do you want to build?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. No. I mean, look, Q1 was double-digit growth for rest of the year. I mean it's a full-year $90 million or rest of the year, $70 million business for us, a really small in grand scheme of things. We've run a meaningful haircut of $15 million to it, which is assuming the rest of the year is minus 20%. It's prudent. It's just derisking, and we'll see how it plays out?
Sung Ji Nam: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brandon Couillard with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good morning. Did the PFAS business thing to really accelerate quite a bit here in the quarter, clocking a new high up 90%. Is there any timing benefit in that growth rate? What are you assuming for the year? And maybe just unpack that acceleration a little bit for us?
Udit Batra: Yes. So really happy with the performance on PFAS testing, Brandon, and thanks for the question. Look, we've gone from strength to strength. I'll remind you that for the last two years, that business has grown 40% each year. So it's not a one-quarter phenomenon. And this quarter, it grew 90% across the food and environmental segment, but also academia, especially in the United States. We did not see any semblance of a pull forward on that, right. Our Xevo TQ Absolute remains the instrument of choice and the funnel is extremely strong on the food and environmental side in – for the balance of the year, not just in the U.S. but in other geographies. And recently, the – despite sort of move towards deregulation across many different segments, PFAS has the opposite trend going for it, right? So on April 28th, the EPA announced 21 measures to combat PFAS pollution. So this includes, of course, aligning PFAS across many agencies, but in no small part, limiting the affluent PFAS in affluence for metal finishers and other customers. And equally, ramping up the development of testing methods to improve detection and strategies to address PFAS, right? So this is not a onetime event, and we're seeing even more focus from the EPA on implementing regulations and asking for even better detection methods. And the reason I went on that diatribe is to illustrate the need for the most sensitive instrument in the industry, and that's where the TQ Absolute continues to do extremely, extremely well.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. That's helpful. And to follow-up – the balance sheet is in great shape. Net debt is down to back where it was through Wyatt acquisition. What's your appetite for another $1 billion-plus deal or maybe even something more transformative? And do you expect the macro volatility to actually lead to more assets becoming available perhaps in more attractive valuations? Thanks.
Udit Batra: So Brandon, thanks for the question. Look, Wyatt is a poster child for an acquisition. The strategic fit has been excellent, and it's played out exactly like we thought. It has helped us build our bioanalytical business, which we want to continue to build on. Second, we committed to taking light scattering into QA/QC. As of this morning, we announced that light scattering is now compatible. That is the Wyatt instruments are compatible with Empower which allows our customers and many of whom have been talking to us about this, to take light scattering into QA/QC basically post haste. So this is a significant opportunity. Now don't ask me to quantify it. I will not do it today and we will look at the facts after the sales are consummated. But extremely excited about what we've seen with Wyatt. And yes, if we find other acquisitions like Wyatt, there are several in the pipeline and valuations have become a lot more reasonable, we would go for it. But again, as Amol as said many, many times, if the strategic fit and the financials don't make sense, we will resume our share buybacks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hi, Udit and Amol. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a nice sprint here. Maybe on instruments here, Q1 very pleased with double-digit growth. Your prior guidance I think, assume something like 4% to 5% to hit the midpoint of the guidance. Is your instrument outlook changing? How should we think about 2Q and balance of the year on instrument growth?
Udit Batra: So Vijay, good morning and thank you for the question. Yes, I mean, a great start to the year with instruments, double-digit growth, both LC and mass spec in the mid-teens – when you look at the guidance for the balance of the year, look, we've raised it, but it's basically 5% to 7%. And the guidance philosophy has not really changed. Recurring revenues basically take in the high end of the guidance of 6% to 7%. And for the balance of the year, we don't see any issues with the number of days in the quarter, right? So it should land between 6% and 7%. In fact, there's an extra day in the fourth quarter, if I'm not wrong. So 6% to 7% on the high end, bringing in the high-end, which is 60% of the business. Instruments, we are still assuming roughly 5-ish percent, right. In such a dynamic environment, we think we will get constructive as the year goes along, right. Great start, good funnel, both LC and mass spec doing well with the replacement cycle fully underway, new products making a difference, idiosyncratic growth drivers doing what they're supposed to do and according to our prediction, but we still want to have sufficient level of prudence in the guide. So we've assumed roughly 4% to 5% instrument growth for the balance of the year.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean largely unchanged for rest of the year other than the meaningful downsizing of U.S. A&G.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful. Then maybe one quick follow-up on Amol view. Share count assumptions went up a tad versus prior guidance. Curious why no buyback assumptions within the guide?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean it's net neutral versus the previous guide. We took down our interest expense assumptions, and we took up our share count assumptions. But when you net the two, it's net neutral on EPS.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Sykes with Goldman. Please go ahead.
Matthew Sykes: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just the first one, sort of a high-level question for you, Udit. When you look at sort of the commercial exposure you have, is clearly where you want to be in this current market environment. But just given all the challenges we're seeing sort of more upstream and research, given your lower levels of exposure there, does this make you want to take advantage of the environment to perhaps invest a little bit more in upstream, either organically or inorganically or are you fairly content with remaining sort of commercial for this time being, just given the macro uncertainty?
Udit Batra: I think Matt, firstly, good morning. We're very happy with our commercial exposure as you pointed out. And I think the fact that we have high-volume applications in a recurring setting, which are regulated, I mean, plays to our strength. And there's a lot to do here, right? I mean there's a lot more to do with the hand that we have rather than thinking about the hand we should have or we should get. So many examples, right? I mean this morning, we announced that we are taking light scattering into QA/QC with Empower. I mean, several of you asked that question in the past, and we are finally here. There's a lot more to do there, right? We want to continue to develop new products that go and fit into QA/QC with Empower as our primary highway to do so. When you look at instruments, right? I mean I think back when I joined the company five years ago, people said, where the LC is a commoditized segments, especially for small molecules. Well, you introduce Alliance iS customers respond to innovation. Look at TQ Absolute, right. I mean the most sensitive mass spec in the industry and that's benefiting from the PFAS testing. So there's a lot to do where we are and our focus remains squarely on high-volume applications. And equally not to lose focus on battery testing on clinical, there's a lot to do here, Matt. So not really getting distracted with other areas at this point.
Matthew Sykes: Thank you. And then just a follow-up. Just on services, it came in a little bit lighter than what we were expecting. Is this just a natural output of just having a very high instrument placement growth?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean, look, we had two less days. So that accounts for roughly 2% lower growth. But then we also had lower purchases of parts from third-party service providers, people who also service our instruments, and that was a little bit of the drag on our service revenue for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Dan Arias with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Daniel Arias: Thanks for your questions, guys. Can you just touch on TA for the quarter, 1% growth was a bit lower than I think where the Street was, but industrial was up, what are the moving parts that gets you from one to the other and then what's going on from a product and customer standpoint? And then along those lines, what's the outlook on the cyclical side of the business for the year.
Udit Batra: Yes. Look, so Dan, generally very pleased with TA overall, right? I mean it's a heavy instrument business, so it can be quite lumpy. But that said, we did extremely well on battery testing, especially out of China, which grew double digits. The U.S. came in a bit lighter than we had initially hoped, but that is basically timing of different orders. So really pleased with where the TA business is. And again, this morning, we announced a couple of new launches in the TA business, focused on polymer testing, material testing and equally on helping our battery testing customers. So very happy in general with that business. I think it's just lumpy, and so you see it go up and down quarter-on-quarter. I wouldn't pay too much attention to it.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Thanks for that. And just as a follow-up, and I realize this is getting pretty specific, but is there anything that you can say about mass spec in biopharma? And the reason I asked just because very clear that PFAS is helping LC-MS pretty significantly. So just kind of curious what the market for instrumentation beyond LC looks like if you look at your core biopharma markets?
Udit Batra: Yes, it's a great question, and thank you for the opportunity to comment on it. If you come up with a sensitive instrument that is easy to use and customers like it, of course, there are benefits in other segments. And the drug metabolism segment is one such segment. But historically, Waters has not had a strong presence largely due to limitations in our software. We worked very hard on improving the waters_connect software to make it simple to use, to make it reliable from a regulatory standpoint and several customers are testing that. And so we're starting to see some traction in the DMPK segment. Both in large pharma, but equally in midsized CROs, right. And I will stop there and not comment on it anymore for competitive reasons. But that said, very happy with what the team has been doing in taking a highly sensitive instrument, not just for PFAS testing into drug metabolism for pharma and also into clinical where mass spec is starting to play an increasingly important role in diagnostic testing.
Operator: Our final question will come from Dan Brennan with TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Dan, your line is open. Please feel free to unmute.
Daniel Brennan: Sorry about that. Can you hear me? Apologies. Udit, I think you got this question earlier, but I just wanted to go back to it a bit if you could. Just what are you seeing from pharma now, like as they contemplate possible tariffs later in the year? Are they trying to accelerate orders now? Is that a benefit maybe in the first half of the year? I think you didn't see – I think you said you didn't see any impact in the first quarter to Jack's questions. Just wondering if there's any kind of change in activity, what you're seeing from that customer base?
Udit Batra: So same as I said Dan, earlier, no change at all, right. I mean, this is basically driven by the replacement cycle. The growth is driven by the replacement cycle, traction of Alliance iS and we can go customer by customer and seeing significant benefit of our downstream presence and that, of course, gets compounded if you look at our focus on GLP-1 testing, look at generics, look at the growth in CDMOs. So customers that are downstream that have high volume applications are continuing to replace instruments. This is across generics, CDMOs and pharma, which is over 75% of our Pharma sales. So no real pull forward that we can see.
Daniel Brennan: Great. And then just beyond QA/QC part of the portfolio, excuse me, because you talked about mid-teens growth and the rest of the pharma a little bit slower. Just what's happening like discovery and development, even though it's a smaller part of the business? Just wondering what you're seeing there? Thank you.
Udit Batra: So continued pressure, Dan, I mean, like we also commented earlier, continued pressure on biotech, on drug discovery and pharma research. And I think these are segments probably that will recover down the line. But for now, we see continued pressure on those segments. So drug discovery, pharma research and CROs, all three are still under pressure. But again, I'll remind you that's less than 20% of our overall business, our overall pharma business.
Operator: And this concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I will now hand it back to Caspar Tudor.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Leila. I will hand it over to Udit to deliver our closing remarks.
Udit Batra: Thank you again for joining us on the call today. We had a wonderful start to the year, thanks to the focus on downstream high-volume applications driven by the momentum in the replacement cycle, game-changing new products as well as our idiosyncratic growth drivers. I want to thank our team who has risen yet again to meet another set of challenges, solving problems on a daily basis, collaborating closely with each other and with our customers, coming up with creative solutions in real-time and implementing them with excellence. Thank you for supporting Waters and the indomitable spirit of our colleagues.
Caspar Tudor: This concludes our call. We look forward to connecting with many of you at upcoming events and conferences.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer session begins. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Danny. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Today, I'm joined by Dr. Udit Batra, Water's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amol Chaubal, Waters' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. In this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, regarding future events, or future financial performance of the company. We will provide guidance regarding possible future results as well as commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the first quarter of 2025 and full year 2025. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. Please see the risk factors included within our Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs, and the cautionary language included in this morning's earnings release. During today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide presentation accompanying today's call. Both are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. In addition, unless stated otherwise all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today's call are on a comparable organic constant currency basis. Finally, we do not intend to update our guidance predictions or projections except as part of a regularly scheduled earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now, I'd like to hand the call over to Udit to deliver our key remarks. Amol will then present a more detailed overview of our results and guidance. And then after, we'll open the phone lines for questions. Over to you Udit.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning everyone. We delivered an excellent finish to 2024 in the fourth quarter, achieving high single-digit constant currency revenue growth and low teens adjusted EPS growth. In Pharma, which is our largest end market sales grew low double digits. Before diving into the details, I want to thank my colleagues at Waters for their resilience innovative spirit and collaboration. This fuels our strong sales performance and operational achievements as we accelerate the benefits of pioneering science. Throughout the year, our message has remained clear and consistent. We're executing well in an analytical instruments and systems market that is beginning its recovery. The innovation in our revitalized portfolio is well aligned with customer unmet needs at a time, when instruments are ripe for replacement. Our focus and leadership position in downstream, high-volume, life science applications has earned us a unique exposure to an exciting mix of fast-growing high-volume testing opportunities. This includes GLP-1 testing PFAS testing and the generics market in India. Today, I'm pleased to share the latest proof points that demonstrate our favorable position right at a time when a recovery in customer CapEx spending and instrument replacement is beginning to kick into gear. I expect the strength and momentum to continue into 2025 and we will cover this later in the call. Turning now to our results. In the fourth quarter, sales grew 6.4% as reported and 8% in constant currency. Sales exceeded the high end of our guidance range as growth accelerated across all our three reported regions. Instruments grew 8% outpacing our expectations as LC Mass Spec light scattering and TA system sales each grew high single digits or better. Recurring revenues grew 9%, also marking an improvement from the previous quarter with chemistry and service both up high single digits. We continue to build momentum delivering a high-teens quarter-over-quarter revenue ramp, while funnel activity remains strong. We also achieved outstanding results within our P&L with our sustained focus on operational excellence our non-GAAP earnings per share was $4.10, reflecting 13% EPS growth. Excluding the impact of FX, our adjusted EPS grew 22%. On a GAAP basis EPS was $3.88. Turning now to the full year. Sales were flat as reported and in organic constant currency as our quarterly growth performance improved every quarter. Recurring revenue grew 6%, once again underscoring the unique resilience of our recurring portfolio across various market conditions. With a strong EPS result in Q4, our full year non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share was $11.86. This reflects 1% growth and includes a 5% decline due to foreign exchange headwinds. On a GAAP basis EPS was $10.71 per share. Breaking out our results in more detail. We saw strong broad-based growth in the fourth quarter. Strength was led by our Pharma and Academic end markets both of which grew double digits. In Pharma, sales grew 10%, led by low double-digit growth in Europe and Asia and high single-digit growth in the Americas. In particular, spending amongst large pharma, contract manufacturing organizations and generics customers continued to recover where our revenue is tied to high-volume regulated QA/QC applications. In our non-pharma segment, sales grew 6% led by low double-digit growth in Europe, mid-single-digit growth in Asia and low single-digit growth in the Americas. We saw strong growth in the A&G segment across Asia, including China, Japan and India as well as in Europe. By geography, Europe grew 11%; Asia 9%; America 6%. In China -- overall sales returned to positive growth in China and was up low single digits. Although -- altogether these results reflect excellent momentum into the year end. I would now like to share more in-depth commentary on what drove our strong performance. With our commercial focus and disciplined execution, we continue to deliver impressive outcomes driving like-for-like pricing gains. We also capitalized on the success of our new product launches achieved strong placement of our new flagship products that command a price premium due to their unmatched benefits in solving customer unmet needs. Within LC, Alliance iS has paved the way for smarter more capable liquid chromatography separation that minimizes user errors. In the fourth quarter, sales more than doubled quarter-over-quarter, Alliance iS constituted 20% of our HPLC revenue in the fourth quarter after adoption continued to scale throughout the year. Within Mass Spec the Xevo TQ Absolute system remained our best-selling mass spectrometer with its market-leading sensitivity and sustainable design. In the fourth quarter, unit sales grew 40% year-over-year and constituted 50% of our tandem quad revenue. As a reminder, tandem quads are the most suitable mass specs for high-volume quantitative measurements in compliant settings. The Xevo TQ Absolute has been a key driver of the strong results we've achieved in PFAS testing and in clinical applications. Our PFAS revenue grew over 40% in the fourth quarter and for the year. PFAS testing is a $400 million global market growing at 20% annually. So this represents growth at approximately twice the market for the second consecutive year. For clinical total clinical revenue grew low-teens in the quarter driven in part by strong sales of the IVD version of the Xevo TQ Absolute. Within our chemistry consumables business, our newer column launches aimed at separating larger more complex molecules like biologics and novel modalities continue to perform ahead of expectations. Max Premier columns sales grew over 30% in the quarter and over 40% for the year. With success of our new column launches our exposure to higher-growth large molecule applications has risen. Large molecule applications are now approximately 40% of our pharma chemistry revenue and growing. Our service team has continued to make strides in increasing plan attachment. For the first time over 50% of our active installed base has a service plan in place. SDI recently recognized our service team for delivering the highest service satisfaction scores among all instrument vendors. At the same time, our Net Promoter Scores lead the industry according to technology and services industry associations. During the quarter, our unique exposure to new high-volume testing drivers also contributed to our growth. This includes novel therapeutic areas such as GLP-1 testing, PFAS testing applications and food and environmental testing and the expanding generic drug market -- generics drug market in India. All three represent a compelling growth opportunity for Waters based on our leadership position in downstream high-volume life science applications. In 2024, we performed very well against our growth expectations in each of these areas. In the near to midterm, we continue to expect 30 basis points annual average growth accretion from both GLP-1 testing and PFAS testing, while India is expected to add 70 to 100 basis points to the growth. Now I will talk more about our operational performance. Our team faced numerous margin challenges throughout the year, including FX, inflation and the normalization of annual incentive compensation. Despite a rapid strengthening of the U.S. dollar during the fourth quarter, our unwavering focus on operational excellence allowed us to counteract the currency headwinds. We achieved a 60 basis point increase in adjusted operating margin to 35.5% after absorbing 220 basis points of FX impact. Offsetting currency and macroeconomic headwinds is something our team has gotten very good at. For the full year, we achieved year-over-year adjusted operating margin expansion closing the year at 31%. This is after absorbing 130 basis points of FX-related impact. As we look ahead, while no two macroeconomic environments are the same instrument down cycles have historically been followed by an up cycle as a new instrument replacement cycle emerges. During these uptrends, instrument growth has typically been 2% to 3% higher than the long-term average of 5%. Currently, our instrument growth sits at 2% on a five-year CAGR basis versus 2019. This comes after weak macroeconomic conditions put temporary constraints on customer CapEx spending for downstream instrumentation in recent years. The growth catch-up opportunity from this deferred instrument replacement is beginning to kick in to gear. Meanwhile in the longer-term, we expect the average growth rate of instruments to actually trend higher than the historical 5%, driven by higher volume trends, new application areas like large molecules and better pricing dynamics. Together with the progress we have made in our high-growth adjacencies, Waters is well positioned for an exciting new era of growth as the analytical instrument market continues to recover. This also coincides with the launch of a new wave of commercial and value creation initiatives that we look forward to discussing in detail at our upcoming Investor Day. I will now cover the 2025 full year guidance. Customer spending has shown steady signs of recovery in analytical instruments particularly in the downstream high-volume settings that we serve. We expect these positive trends to continue into 2025. Our team continues to execute well with our revitalized portfolio at a time when instrument replacement is beginning to pick up. Together our resilient recurring revenue growth and the ongoing impact of our idiosyncratic growth drivers, we anticipate continuing our strong momentum into 2025. These dynamics support full year 2025 constant currency sales growth guidance of 4.5% to 7%. Within the P&L, the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar introduced additional foreign exchange headwinds. Nevertheless, we plan to counterbalance these impacts with robust operational performance, sustaining our margin expansion trends into 2025. This translates to a full year 2025 earnings per fully diluted share guidance of $12.70 to $13. On a non-GAAP basis this is a 7% to 10% growth versus our 2024 -- versus 2024, and includes an estimated headwind of approximately 4% due to unfavorable foreign exchange. Now I will pass the call over to Amol to cover our financial results in more detail and provide further details on our guidance. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you Udit, and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter, we delivered a strong finish to the year. Sales of $873 million grew 6% as reported and 8% in constant currency as both instruments and recurring revenues grew high single digits. With our strong commercial execution and new product portfolio, we benefited from budget flush as overall sales ramped up $132 million, or 18% quarter-over-quarter. This was meaningfully higher than the mid-teens ramp assumption in our guidance. In constant currency terms, by end market Pharma grew 10%, Industrial grew 2%, and Academic and Government grew 16%. In Pharma, sales grew 12% in Asia, 10% in Europe, and 9% in Americas. Instrument sales grew high single digits led by liquid chromatography as deferred customer spending continued its early stages of recovery. In Industrial growth was led by our TA division, which also grew high-single digits amidst strength in batteries, advanced materials and chemical testing. Within our Waters division, we continue to see strong growth in PFAS-related applications, which grew over 40% in the quarter. In Academic & Government, the strong performance was driven by 35% growth in Asia and 20% growth in Europe. Within Asia growth was broad-based. By geography, each of our three reported regions saw significant growth acceleration versus the prior quarter. Europe grew 11%, Asia grew 9% and Americas grew 6% each with broad strength across our end markets. In China sales returned to growth up, low-single digits. By products and services, Instruments grew 8%, reflecting broad strength across our instrument portfolio including LC, Mass Spec, light scattering and TA. In recurring revenue, chemistry grew 7% and service grew 9%, as customer activity remained strong, with high utilization of our installed base. Our robust growth has been supported by our commercial initiatives in areas such as service plan attachment, e-commerce adoption and launch of our new bioseparation columns. Turning now to full year results, sales of $2.96 billion, were flat as reported and flat in organic constant currency terms. By end market Pharma grew 1%, Industrial was flat and Academic and Government declined 7%. By geography Europe grew 2%, while Americas and Asia both declined 1%. Asia ex-China grew high-single digits, while China declined low-double digits as expected. By products and services instrument growth rates recovered throughout the year and declined 7%, overall. Recurring revenues grew 6%, reflecting the resilience of our chemistry consumables and service businesses. Now, I will comment on our fourth quarter and full year non-GAAP financial performance, versus last year. During the fourth quarter the U.S. dollar strengthened significantly. With our focus on operational excellence including pricing, productivity and cost management we were able to offset the impact. Gross margin was 60.1% for the quarter and 59.4% for the full year. Excluding FX, gross margin expanded 60 basis points and 80 basis points, respectively. For the quarter, adjusted operating margin expanded 60 basis points to 35.5%. For the full year, adjusted operating margin expanded to 31%, after absorbing 130 basis points of adverse FX impact as well as the normalization of annual incentive compensation. As we look ahead, we are well positioned to continue our margin expansion journey through our productivity initiatives and take our profitability to new heights. Together with better-than-expected sales volume, our strong operational performance drove 13% growth in non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to $4.10. This landed at the high end of our guidance range even with an FX headwind that was $0.23 greater than anticipated. On GAAP basis, EPS was $3.88. For the full year, non-GAAP EPS grew 1% to $11.86. This includes a decline of approximately 5%, due to foreign exchange headwinds. On a GAAP basis EPS was $10.71. Our effective adjusted operating tax rate was 16.9% for the quarter and 16.4% for the full year. Our average share count was 59.6 million for the quarter and for the full year. Turning now to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet, we define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, and excludes special items. In the fourth quarter of 2024, free cash flow was $188 million after funding $52 million of capital expenditures, including the purchase of $13 million manufacturing facility in Colorado. For the full year free cash flow was $744 million or 25% of sales, resulting in a free cash flow to adjusted net income conversion ratio of 105%. With the strong free cash flow generation in our business model, we've made solid progress de-levering our balance sheet and our net debt position is now approaching pre-Wyatt acquisition levels. In the fourth quarter we reduced debt by approximately $200 million, resulting in approximately $900 million of debt repayments made in 2024. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position was approximately $1.3 billion, which is a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1.3 times. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and a well-structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us to prioritize investing in growth. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will enhance value creation for our shareholders. We'll also evaluate the resumption of our share repurchase program during the course of 2025. Now I would like to share further commentary on our 2025 outlook. Customer spending has shown steady signs of recovery in analytical instruments, particularly in downstream, high volume settings that we serve. We expect these positive trends to continue into 2025. Our team is executing very well with our revitalized portfolio. Together with our resilient recurring revenue growth and supported by our ongoing impact of our idiosyncratic growth drivers, we anticipate achieving strong results again in 2025. These dynamics support full year 2025 constant currency sales growth guidance of 4.5% to 7%. At current exchange rates, currency translation is expected to result in a negative impact of 2% on full year sales. Therefore, our total reported sales growth guidance is approximately 2.5% to 5%. Within the P&L, we plan to counterbalance the impact of foreign exchange headwinds through continued robust operational performance, sustaining our strong margin performance into 2025. We expect to deliver a gross margin of 59.6% and an adjusted operating margin of 31.2% for the full year. In both cases, this represents 20 basis points of net year-over-year expansion net of 40 basis points of FX headwind. We expect our full year net interest expense to be approximately $46 million. Our full year tax rate is expected to be largely consistent with 2024 levels at 16.5%, as we anticipate mitigating the incremental effects of Pillar 2 including those relating to Singapore. Our average diluted share count is expected to be approximately 59.3 million. Rolling all this together, on a non-GAAP basis, our full year 2025 earnings per fully diluted share guidance is projected in the range of $12.70 to $13, which is approximately 7% to 10% growth and includes an estimated headwind of approximately 4%, due to unfavorable foreign exchange. Looking to the first quarter of 2025, our constant currency sales growth guidance is projected in the range of 4% to 7%. At current rates currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 3%. Therefore, our total first quarter reported sales growth guidance is 1% to 7% – 1% to 4%. The first quarter of 2025 has two fewer days than the first quarter of 2024. At the same time, the fourth quarter of 2024 had two additional days than the fourth quarter of 2023. Based on these dynamics, together with our 4% to 7% constant currency sales growth guidance and an expected seven percentage points of currency headwind on earnings, first quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share is estimated to be in the range of $2.17 to $2.25. Now I would like to turn the call back to Udit for our closing comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. 2024 was a defining year for Waters. We delivered excellent sales and operational performance, capitalize on the momentum of our new product launches and saw a strong contribution from our idiosyncratic growth drivers. We also made continued progress in our high-growth adjacencies. As we look to 2025, there is a lot to be excited about. We're coming out of the gate stronger than ever in market conditions that are beginning to recover. We are confident in our ability to deliver enhanced value for our shareholders. With that I will turn the call back over to Caspar.
Caspar Tudor: Thanks, Udit. That concludes our formal comments. Danny, we are now ready to open the phone lines for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the Q&A [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson at Jefferies. You will now unmute your line and ask your question.
Tycho Peterson: All right. I'm Tycho Peterson. So Udit, I'm wondering if you could talk a little more just on a couple of things. One budget flush dynamics to what degree you thought you had pulled forward here with the new administration and quantify any budget flush impact? And then on replacement cycle, just talk a little bit about where we are in the process? You've talked in the past about customers bringing IT and procurement to the table. How widespread is it among your pharma customer base? And where do you think you go in terms of iS mix by the end of the year. I know you talked it was 20% in the fourth quarter. And then the follow-up is just capital allocation. You're down to 1.3 turns leverage. What's the appetite to resume share repurchases versus look at M&A? And what's the appetite if it's the latter for larger deals, what can you say about max leverage thresholds and appetite to issue stock? Thanks.
Udit Batra: Thank you Tycho, and good morning again. Look, firstly on the budget flush, 2024 was really almost a typical year. We saw a high teens ramp from Q3 to Q4 and that was helped by the sales momentum that we saw at the end of the year. So rather a typical budget flush if you want to call it that. Now, to your question on the replacement cycle. Look, we finished the year extremely strong, right? So high single digit of instrument growth. And LC as you mentioned, Alliance iS is now 20% of our HPLC sales really, really solid performance. Pharma grew double digits to finish the year and driven by large pharma where the replacement cycle has begun and the conversations as I mentioned in the last quarter are not quite widespread. So the double-digit growth in the Pharma segment driven by large pharma, initiating replacement, CDMOs which are also starting to see good momentum and of course continued good performance in India in the generics market. And all of it as I mentioned earlier is of course driven by our late-stage focus in QA/QC, in manufacturing, where instruments are tied to -- instrument replacement is tied to sort of the usage and that scales with the volume. And it's really helped in no small part due to our strong new portfolio, especially driven by Alliance iS in the HPLC space. So we feel very good about where we stand on the instrument replacement cycle. And the funnels going into the year are very strong. So expect really no change in what we are seeing from our customers. So I'll hand over now to Amol to talk a bit about the capital allocation.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Look, I mean we continue to look at assets that sort of align with our value acceleration goals. Clearly, we've said, we don't mind going up to 2.5 times because we can delever pretty quickly as you've seen with Wyatt. And most critically we want to be financially disciplined when we look at these targets and make sure sort of these assets are EPS accretive and create a good high single-digit ROIC at least by year 5.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar at Evercore ISI. Please unmute yourself and ask your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hi Udit, good morning and thank you for taking my question. congrats on a really nice print here. But maybe before I get to my questions, I just want to maybe a small clarification. I would characterize Tycho as our friendly crazy scientist I think he has a better ring to it. So there you go Tycho. I guess if you Udit on the guidance here, this 4.5% to 7% it's best in class so far right relative to tools, some of your peers. How are you incorporating some of the macro-related risks when you think about tariffs perhaps NIH spending cuts, perhaps potential cuts to agencies like EPA. I'm just curious on how that was baked into the guidance. And I had one follow-up.
Udit Batra: Sure. So, thanks Vijay. I think as you start talking about sort of Tycho, I should also say and I forgot to say it in the prepared remarks go Eagles. We're big Eagles fans here. So I just wanted to insert that before answering your question. On the guidance itself, look now we finished the year with high single-digit growth, right? And we saw strength in Pharma, double-digit growth in Pharma. We saw strength in A&G. New products with the Alliance iS now almost 20% of the total revenue in Q4, for HPLC Xevo TQ Absolute now almost 50% of the total revenue in quantitative Mass Spec. New products are doing extremely well and they're serving these idiosyncratic growth drivers GLP-1s, PFAS testing, the India generics market. So, it's a very good setup as we go into 2025. We expect the same sort of trends to continue. Now, if you just look at the guidance, it's 4.5% to 7%. Recurring revenues have grown 6% to 7% through all sorts of macro cycles, right? So, there's not much more evidence required there on what's going to happen there. So, we -- let's assume that that's the higher end of the guidance. Then instruments need to grow roughly 4% 4.5% for us to get to the midpoint of the guidance. Finishing the year of instruments at high single-digits with the replacement cycle really beginning in earnest across large pharma where we see really good strength. Funnels are very strong. I spent some time with our sales team across the globe as sales meetings are ongoing. And there's a lot of excitement with our new portfolio. There's a lot of excitement in the discussions that are taking place, especially with large pharma and the CDMOs. So, feel very good about what we see in the funnels. New products are gaining traction. So, same sort of trends are moving into 2024. And there is no reason why we should not be able to meet and exceed the lower end of the guide with all the positive trends that we're seeing. So, we've built a bit of prudence on the lower end of the guide at 4.5% and we will start to get more constructive as the year progresses. So, I hope that gives you some flavor of what we're thinking about in the full year. So, 4.5% in the lower end sort of measures -- has some measure of prudence. And as we see any sort of headwinds, we should be able to more than combat it and meet the guidance.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful Udit. And maybe one follow-up on when you think about the component guidance PFAS, GLP-1, are we still assuming 30 basis points of contribution? How are you thinking about China-India within that guidance framework and pricing contribution?
Udit Batra: Yes, a big question. Let me try to address the idiosyncratic pieces, the GLP-1 and PFAS. First, GLP-1s, I mean we're going from strength-to-strength. As you know we have 100% of our -- 100% share in the columns usage. We have a significant share in instrument usage and we are the number one player in online testing for GLP-1. So, we do expect the 30 basis points to continue. We have good line of sight on it. PFAS testing, we finished the year with 60 basis points of contribution to the overall growth. But we're assuming for -- in the 2025 guidance, a 30 basis points accretion. So, both of them are 30 plus 30. And India is -- has contributed over 100 basis points in 2024, finishing the year -- finishing Q4 at over 30% growth, right? For the full year, India, on a constant currency basis was over 25% growth, right? So, we've assumed India will be at least 70 to 100 basis points accretive to the growth going forward. China, we've sort of maintained our low single-digit posture there, right? So, China Q4 came in as expected. Low single-digit growth, a modest contribution from stimulus. We expect the same in 2025. So, China could -- as the stimulus comes in, could give us a bit of an upside.
Amol Chaubal: And the last one on pricing closer to 200 basis points.
Operator: Our next question comes from Puneet Souda at Leerink. Please unmute your line and ask your question.
Puneet Souda: Yes, hi everyone. Thanks for the questions here. So, first one just wanted to touch on the first quarter guide, 4% to 7%, a little bit wider than historical pattern. Just want to clarify I know you talked about the full year guide, but just given the recent NIH cuts and potential for academic freezing their instrumentation in the near-term, sort of just help us understand how are you baking that in for the U.S. academic side? And how should we think about the 4% versus the 7%, I mean the dynamics that need to play out in the quarter? Already we are in Q1, so I'm sure you've thought about -- before setting the guide as to -- on the lower end versus the higher end if you could elaborate a bit?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So look, I mean in Q4, we grew 8% constant currency. Keep in mind, Q4 benefited by two extra days, which is roughly 1% extra growth. And then Q1 this year has two less days. So sort of has the reverse dynamic. So net-net where we are guiding at the midpoint, roughly is in line with how we performed in Q4 due to the days impact, right? Now, the guidance range is slightly larger than usual, which as you can appreciate, given all the uncertainties sort of that overhang the situation. And with Q1 being our smallest quarter, we've given ourselves some prudence and cushion in situation where some of these uncertainties were to materialize. And if they do materialize we end up at the lower end of the guidance. If they don't we end up at the higher end of our guidance. And that's on the sales side. And then keep in mind, I mean, dollar strengthened so significantly through the course of Q4. It now creates a 7% earnings headwind in Q1. And so when you grow 4% to 7% and have a 7% FX headwind on earnings, you sort of at EPS that's flat or slightly better than flat and that's where the EPS guide is.
Udit Batra: And maybe just to embellish a little bit on EPS in Q1, Puneet. I mean, as I mentioned earlier, I mean this is the time for growth for Waters. We're seeing incredible growth across. Our key customer segments, our sales meetings are back and we want to invest in training our folks. People are very excited about the traction that new products are gaining. They're very excited about the chemistry piece and we're investing in ensuring that our folks are trained, our sales teams are trained. So we're continuing to invest even in Q1, and Q1 is again, as I mentioned, is the smallest quarter. So the sales meetings are back, and we're basically investing for growth starting already in Q1.
Puneet Souda: Got it. That's helpful. And then if I could double-click on both Europe and India. Europe, if you could just elaborate some of the dynamics there, budget flush pharma versus non-pharma? And then also, specifically on India, Udit, I would love to get your thoughts on 70 bps to 100 bps contribution again strong throughout 2024. How do you -- how are you -- India team and yourself, how are you thinking about the patent cliff opportunity here? And how should we think about that opportunity getting layered into the growth algorithm over the next few years?
Udit Batra: Yes. Let me start with India and then, we'll do Europe second. Very pleased with both of those end markets. But looking at India, like I said, India Q4 was 34% constant currency growth and for the year 27%. India is now a meaningful contributor to Waters at over 8% of our total sales. So, really feel good about what the team has been doing on the ground. We are the market share leader in the key generics companies in India and our columns. Our instruments are used there. Alliance iS is also doing well. We have the highest service attachment rate there. So really feel good about what we're doing on the ground from an execution standpoint. Looking ahead, the genericization opportunity is very significant, right? So $240 billion of revenues will go off patent over the next five to seven years. India continues to supply roughly 50% of the global generics market. And over half of that, $240 billion, $250 billion is a small molecule. So that fits right into the current business model that exists, and half of it is biosimilars, which is now developing in many of these markets. So I feel good about the opportunity going forward. And just to give you a case in point semaglutide genericization is expected to hit some time in 2026. And the top generics players are already working with us to adapt and adopt the processes that the key innovators have been using. Amol, you want to start with Europe?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean, look, Europe is executing super well, right, 11% growth. It's across the board. Double-digit growth in Pharma, high single-digit growth in Industrial, double-digit plus growth in A&G, Instruments growing high-single-digit plus. So between how our teams are executing together with the refreshed portfolio together with some of the idiosyncratic growth opportunities like PFAS and GLP-1s, the team is capitalizing really well in what's out there.
Udit Batra: Yes. And I mean just to sort of build on that. Europe is -- I mean Europe has been doing extremely well for the full year and finished the year extremely strong. The Academic segment at the end of the year usually sees a significant budget flush and we did. And as I mentioned earlier to Tycho's question, look, I mean 2024 was a typical year for us, right, with a budget flush sort of going back to what we've seen in historic times. So really good finish to the year in Europe and very excited about how the year has started there with good conversations across different customer segments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eve Burstein at Bernstein. Please unmute your line and ask your question.
Eve Burstein: Great. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. We talked a lot about the replacement cycle and the pent-up opportunity from 2019 to 2024. But at a conference in January, you said that the instrument replacement commercial initiative was progressing well with still 15% of lagged 2015 to 2019 replacement opportunity remaining. So how does that number compare to average versus when you're coming out of a down cycle and starting an up cycle, essentially is that better or worse? And how much of that replacement opportunity is in China specifically?
Udit Batra: It's a good question, Eve, and thanks for paying specific attention to those separate drivers. So just to, sort of, clarify for everyone, there are two different instrument growth drivers. One, is the pent-up demand for replacement where there was deferred replacement that took place in the 2023-024 time frame and replacements were deferred from that time frame to a bit later. So that's what we're calling the replacement cycle. That is a standard cycle that occurs in the industry. And during that time, we see a 2% to 3% outperformance in instrument growth rate versus the 5% average over the long-term. So that's what we're calling the replacement cycle. The signs of that are rather clear when you talk to customers, because the meetings that take place are with a larger number of people. They're planning a multiyear replacement. Procurement sits in that discussion. IT sits in that discussion. The lab managers sit in that discussion and a whole bunch of folks from our sites sit in those discussions and those are widespread across the industry right now, and so we're seeing very good traction on that. What you asked about is the 15% that is pending from the transformation that we began in 2020 and 2021. And there you'll recall we had said, look, there are roughly 13,000 instruments that should have been replaced in the 2018 to 2020 time frame that got deferred. And we worked very hard to replace them in 2021 and 2022, but the macro cycle slowed down in 2023 and 2024 and that 15% is still pending. So we have a database in our CRM system and we track this diligently. So people don't forget that that 15% is still pending. So you can superimpose the two. I didn't want us to now go crazy with instrument growth rates I was trying to bring the two together. But in our CRM system, we have that tracked really diligently. So I hope that clarifies the replacement question. On China, we've assumed a low single-digit growth. I mean market conditions have improved over the year, but we've assumed that it's still muted. There is an impact of the stimulus expected in 2025. Again there we've been modest. We've assumed a mid to high single digit million contribution for the year. So we expect China to remain at least in the guide remain the same. And if there's no stimulus and no replacement, we should see more dynamic growth.
Eve Burstein: That's great. Thanks a lot for clarifying. One clarification just on price. So you said in response to Vijay pricing was closer to 200 bps. Just to clarify was that the contribution for growth in 4Q? And if so, how much does pricing contribute to the 2025 guide? And are you including the effect of a double upgrade in that contribution? And how much is that?
Amol Chaubal: Yeah. So look I mean when we quote pricing it's always like-for-like SKU like-for-like geography. It does not include the benefits of the upsell. 2024 was close to 200 basis points contribution and that's in line with what we have in our 2025 guide.
Operator: Our next question is from Brandon Couillard at Wells Fargo. Brandon, please unmute your line and ask your question.
Brandon Couillard: Thank you very much. Udit, I think you talked about instrument growth this year 4%, 4.5%. Just curious how that compares between the LC, mass spec and light scattering? And any details you can give us on what you've assumed in terms of growth across the three end markets?
Udit Batra: I think you should assume sort of mid-single digit-ish for all three. So mass spec at 4%, in that 4.5% number LC at 5%, TA at 5% and light scattering somewhere there or thereabouts also. A bit higher than that since, it's accretive probably closer to double digits, but it's such a small portion of the business. It doesn't make a huge difference, at this point. And Brandon, even as we finish – sorry, Brandon, just to clarify even as we finish the year, all instrument segments grew at minimum high single digits. So LC, Mass Spec, TA and Wyatt was well into the double digits.
Brandon Couillard: Got it. And your PFAS market sizing continues to walk up. Now, you're talking about a $400 million opportunity, prior it was kind of $300 million to $350 million. What's enabling you to grow so much faster than the underlying market? Where is that developing most rapidly, either by application or region right now?
Udit Batra: Yes. I think it's -- so the market itself has significant unmet needs, right? I mean, we started with the environmental market, then it's expanded into food testing step by step. The Academic customer segment also purchases instruments to quantify and assess PFAS. So, very dynamic market. And you're right, the market size continues to increase as more and more applications come in. We've grown almost double the market growth rate, and it's driven I mean first by having the best-in-class instrument, because PFAS testing remember, is not just one molecule. It's over 40 already classified as PFAS. All of these need to be quantified and the regulators keep increasing the sensitivity requirements. And we have the most sensitive instrument in the market, with the lowest environmental footprint. And that's worked extremely well in the hands of our customers, right? So the number one driver is the success of the Xevo TQ Absolute, and which now is in Q4 was 50% of the revenue of quantitative Mass Spec. So highly successful launch, driven not just by the differentiation, but also the commercial excellence. And equally, our teams are investing a ton of energy in the compliant informatics segment, the waters_connect. Informatics software is doing very well in regulated settings. Remember, our history and legacy is in compliance settings where data integrity is of a premium. So, we've taken what we learned from Empower, adopted it into waters_connect and that's working very well in that -- in the PFAS regulated segment. And then, finally, chemistry and workflows. We continue to launch new chemistry and new workflows to really keep up with the complexity of different PFAS molecules. So, across the board, and the market size is expanding largely, because of application sets. So, we feel very good about where we sit there.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Arias at Stifel. Dan, please press star nine to unmute your line and ask your question.
Q – Dan Arias: Yes. Good morning, guys. Thank you. Udit, can you just maybe expand on that PFAS idea, a little bit? I mean, to what extent do you still see there being additional capacity needs in the lab based on the water testing side, in the US? Because, I know to your point, application expansion geographic expansion is important, but I'm just sort of trying to understand, what you've done in 2024, when it comes to scaling up these labs in order to test on the water side in the US, specifically?
Udit Batra: Yes. So, that's a good question, Dan. It's early days still, right? I mean, when you look at PFAS testing and this is something we'll spend some time at our Investor Day as well, breaking down the different segments that have constituted growth, right? The Academic segment, the first round spent a lot of time and energy and we had very good sales in that segment. Helping people understand what the heck PFAS really is, developing methods that could get standardized and then we disseminated second to public health laboratories to water testing laboratories. And then the last piece is -- the second to last piece is, water testing laboratories across the country. And the final one is, people who have to do remediation. So when you think of PFAS testing, it's not just contract testing labs. It's also academic labs, which started first, then it's public health labs, that's set standards, then its contract testing organizations like water testing and then finally people who have to remediate PFAS out. So we're in the very early innings of the penetration. And as I said, we'll talk more about it at the Investor Day, but we're outpacing the market quite significantly.
Q – Dan Arias: Okay. Thanks for that. Maybe just on the Mass Spec side, I mean, to what extent do you feel like the uptake there is partly a function of or being helped by the LC replacement cycle? In other words, if you look at healthy MS combo purchases now versus prior periods what do you see? And what is sort of embedded in that Mass Spec growth rate that you're talking about for this year mid-single digits when it comes to just sort of that being driven by LC uptake versus performance and new platform introductions et cetera. If that's something that you can kind of speak to?
Amol Chaubal: Yeah. Look, I mean that, Mass Spec uptake is not meaningfully impacted by LC replacement. A lot of LC replacement is happening in manufacturing QA/QC, where LC sort of operates largely stand-alone. What is helping Mass Spec meaningfully is various vectors that have come together based on our revitalized portfolio. As Udit mentioned, TQ Absolute is doing exceedingly well not just in PFAS, but across the applications in food and pharma space as well, as well as in clinical. You have something, like BioAccord doing well in bioanalytical characterization. You have some of the newer launches on the higher risk space that are catering to very specific needs and that they are doing exceedingly well on those applications. And that's why you see sort of the kind of growth you're seeing on Mass Spec not driven by LC replacement.
Udit Batra: Yeah. So, I mean, just to elaborate on that a little bit. It's the two dimensions, right? So it's the different pieces of Mass Spec that are individually contributing due to innovation. So be it PFAS testing, be it Mass Spec usage in genotoxic impurity testing in pharma, be it Mass Spec testing and this is only Xevo TQ Absolute in clinical. And then, of course, there's the BioAccord, which is doing extremely well and the Xevo MRT, which is our new product that is on the high-risk side. So you see the innovation contributing. And then that has helped on the customer dimension by a strong growing segment like PFAS. It's helped to some extent by late-stage development where Mass Spec is used significantly for quantitative assessment of different types of biologics, right? So you see that two dimensions working very well for Mass Spec, the innovation, as well as the different customer segments and not only due to the LC replacement cycle. As Amol mentioned that's mostly LCUP, link for small molecules.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Sykes at Goldman Sachs. Matt, please un-mute your line and ask your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Ivy on for Matt. Thanks for taking my questions. So the first one you've seen impressive growth in services. Can you talk through the benefits of your Empower software? And then, any particular application areas where you see higher attachment rates and then any levers you're using to improve that going forward?
Amol Chaubal: Yeah. I mean, look, no two recurring revenues are equal and our recurring portfolio proves that, right? Because even in this downturn when most other recurring portfolios have been flat or low single digits, we've been rock solid at 6% to 7% growth. And what sort of contributing to that is our unique position with Empower coupled with, how well we've done with service attachment rates where our Net Promoter Scores are on service our launches in bioseparation columns, as well as the progress that we've made on our e-commerce with chemistry consumables. And that's sort of what is driving this rock solid 6% to 7% recurring revenue growth.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then can you talk through the strength you saw in the Academic and Government section this quarter? And then what your expectations are going into 2025? Any potential impact from NIH risk?
Amol Chaubal: Yeah. I mean look Q4 was very strong from an A&G perspective. It did benefit from the typical budget flush dynamics, particularly in markets like Europe. We also saw some initial orders getting converted on stimulus in China. But again, longer term, this market has traditionally been low single-digit at best mid-single-digit grower, right? And it's very choppy. So you can't really count on this trend. I think as we get into 2025, we will benefit from the stimulus in China. But again, there are so many puts and takes there. So we've put a very prudent assumption in our guide. And if it plays out better that will be an upside. We don't have much direct exposure to NIH funding. Very little actually, less than 1%. So we're not exposed to that dynamic because our primary business is far more in industrial. It's a small portion of our business less -- around 10% and we continue to monitor the dynamics.
Udit Batra: Yeah. And just to sort of finish up. I mean for 2025 we've assumed low single-digit growth in A&G, right? So not the dynamism that we saw in Q4. Especially in Pharma, we've not assumed that at all in A&G for the 2025 guide. So it's a low single-digit grower.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Brennan at TD Cowen. Dan, please unmute your line and ask your questions.
Dan Brennan: Terrific. Thank you. Thanks for the questions, guys. Maybe just the first one on instruments just for the guide. I think you said 4% for 2025? Just confirm that maybe feels a little conservative. And if you could speak to -- you've highlighted this five-year CAGR and this 5% normalization. So where did we end up 2024 and kind of what's implied on 2025, and kind of any reason why kind of the improvement you're expecting in 2025 is that on the normal trend line? Or is it above or below?
Udit Batra: So thanks, Dan. Look we've assumed the 4.5% -- the range is 4.5% to 7% for the full year. And just to repeat what I started with the 7%-ish, 6% or 7% you should assume is what we think is the recurring revenue. And you can see why that is a pretty stable and rock solid assumption. Instruments need to grow 4%, 4.5% for us to get to the midpoint of the guide. Now your question is a good one. I mean we finished the year with high single-digit growth in instruments. The funnel is extremely strong and the conversion looks extremely strong, especially led by Pharma where we're seeing very good traction of our Alliance iS instrument to sort of support the replacement cycle we're seeing the idiosyncratic drivers contributing nicely. I think as you look at 2025, the way I would look at it is, we will start to get more constructive as the year goes on. We will start to reveal more information, because at this point we feel very optimistic. We see good funnels. Q1 is the smallest quarter. We just want to get more information before we start sort of saying, hey it's going to be another 8%, 9% a year for instruments. Typically, and you're right again to point out. Typically, when we come out of a trough in instrument replacement, we usually see a 2% to 3% outperformance versus the long-term average which is 5%, right? So going back to the CAGRs, the long-term average is 5%. Usually, when you come out into the replacement cycle, you start seeing a 2% to 3% outperformance. All signs are pointing in that direction. We just want to start the year with a bit of prudence and derisk it as the year goes on. Amol anything to add?
Amol Chaubal: Look whichever way you look at it, area under the curve, CAGRs, average fleet life and even if you exclude China for US and European markets, there is a meaningful catch-up opportunity from each of these analytical viewpoints, right? And we see that in the dialogue with large pharma, the dialogue with CDMOs is starting to improve. The one thing one has to keep in mind is not every part of our customer base is recovering to its healthy state, right? We still have biotechs. We still have biotech research. These things haven't recovered, or China pharma hasn't recovered to a level it needs to. So, the ramp of this replacement cycle will not be as steep as historical. But the length or the duration of this replacement cycle is likely going to be longer just because eventually all these lagging segments of the market have to come back and replace their aging instrument fleet.
Dan Brennan: Great. And then I know there was one question on India, but maybe just one follow-up since it is so strong for you right now. I think, I heard you say over 25% growth in '24 or 100 basis points contribution...
Amol Chaubal: Did we lose, Dan?
Udit Batra: Dan, we lost you.
Caspar Tudor: Let's proceed to our next question, please.
Operator: Sure thing. Our next and final question is from Catherine Schulte at Baird. Please unmute your line and ask your question, Catherine. Thank you.
Catherine Schulte : Hi, guys. Thanks for the questions. Maybe just first on Pharma great to see that return to double-digit growth this quarter. Maybe just to go back to Tycho's questions, is there a way to quantify the stronger budget flush dynamic in the quarter? And what are you assuming for Pharma growth both for the first quarter and the full year?
Udit Batra: Yes. So, Catherine, for the -- for Q4, I mean, it was as I said, it's very strong growth. We're very happy with it. It really supports our late-stage focus. But as you look at Q4 the ramp was typical to pre-pandemic years, right? So, high teens almost 20% from Q3 to Q4. So normal budget flush dynamic, not more not less, right, so it's stronger than what we saw last year and the year before. But starting to trend towards a normal -- to a normal level, which is constant with how pharma -- late-stage pharma is behaving QA/QC spending. So we start to see a normalization of behavior there.
Catherine Schulte : And then maybe just on the services side, you mentioned over 50% of your active installed base now has a service contract in place. I believe your target is to get back to 55%. So can you just talk to where you think that can go throughout the year?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Look, I mean, we are very happy with the progress that we've made. And every year we start with the goal, and we end up achieving double that goal in the year. And keep in mind, this is just based on instrument installed base out there. It doesn't include the first year instruments that are in warranty. So when you add that almost 60% of our installed base is either under warranty or under a service plan. 55% is a good goal to go with. And we are starting to make progress in the last remaining areas like China. And then again a lot of the focus and pivots, our service organization into the next big thing, which is sort of how do we get service lead gen, and we've made tremendous progress in markets like U.S. and India where the attachment rate is very high and these organizations have already pivoted to their next biggest goal, which is lead gen and revenue conversion.
Udit Batra: And thanks Catherine for that question. I think we're coming to the end of the call. I want to make sure everybody remembers that March 5th is the Investor Day in New York City and we look forward to elaborating on the service question use of AI in service use of AI internally and externally and many other areas. But let me conclude by saying, we are very excited about how we finished 2024. We're entering this new phase of growth with a lot of momentum, especially on our instrument portfolio. The recurring revenues are growing like a Swiss clock. We've said that before. The instrument revenues -- the instrument growth is now really kicking into gear with the replacement cycle beginning, with the new product portfolio gaining a ton of traction, with the idiosyncratic growth drivers contributing. And we feel very good about the way we're starting -- the way we're starting 2025. Look forward to seeing you at the Investor Day and thank you all for joining us today.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session begins. This call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Julie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter earnings call. Today I’m joined by Dr. Udit Batra, Waters’ President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amol Chaubal, Waters’ Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. In this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. We will provide guidance regarding possible future results as well as commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the fourth quarter of 2024, full year 2024 and 2025. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. Please see the risk factors included within our Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs and the cautionary language included in this morning’s earnings release. During today’s call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide presentation accompanying today’s call. Both are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today’s call are on a comparable organic constant currency basis. Finally, we do not intend to update our guidance predictions or projections, except as part of a regularly scheduled earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now, I’ll hand it over to Udit to deliver our key remarks. Amol will then present a more detailed overview of our results and guidance. After, we’ll open the lines for questions. Over to you, Udit.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning, everyone. Our team delivered very strong results third – very strong third quarter results with revenue, margin performance and earnings per share all significantly ahead of our expectations. Sales were well above the high end of our guidance range as each of our three reported regions returned to positive growth. Strength was led by our Pharma & Industrial end markets, both of which saw liquid chromatography returned to positive sales growth. Together with an improvement in mass spec, instrument growth turned positive in the quarter which exceeded our pace of recovery. We also built excellent momentum as we delivered mid-single digit quarter-over-quarter revenue growth while orders outpaced sales for the second quarter in a row. In addition to the positive strength in Instruments, we saw an acceleration in recurring revenue growth which grew a healthy high single digits. This was led by 8% growth in our chemistry consumables portfolio. Within our P&L, our sustained focus on operational excellence led to better than expected gross margin and operating margin results. Coupled with the strong top line performance, we achieved adjusted EPS growth that was over 10% higher than the midpoint of our guide. Results like this in a dynamic market – in dynamic market conditions take exceptional dedication from all our colleagues. I would like to take a moment to commend our team for their commitment to commercial execution, operational management and innovation. This enables us to deliver enhanced performance and accelerate the benefits of pioneering science. On the subject of innovation, we do made excellent progress and further strengthened our alignment with higher growth testing areas that will augment our future growth. We continue to expand our innovative portfolio with new product launches that solve customer unmet needs in both our core markets and in our high growth adjacencies. Turning now to our results. In the third quarter, sales grew 4% as reported and 4% in constant currency. Our non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.93, up 3% year-over-year. On a GAAP basis, EPS was $2.71. In the quarter, market conditions and customer spending trends further improved. We continued our path of strong commercial execution and converted opportunities well. We drove strong results as customers were drawn to the innovative new products in our revitalized portfolio. After seven quarters of LC decline, Instruments grew 1% as Pharma & Industrial LC growth turned positive. Mass spec also performed well in the quarter and grew low single digits led by strength in industrial and applied applications like PFAS testing. Recurring revenues grew 7%, led by 8% growth in our consumables business. Breaking out our results by end market, we saw a broad improvement in sales growth as each of our end markets turned to positive growth. In particular, we observed large pharma spending –better large pharma spending where our revenue is tied to QA/QC applications and CapEx spending trends. By geography, each of our reported regions grew. While China was a slight headwind to sales, we still grew mid-single digits on both China and ex-China basis as further stabilization in China posed less of a headwind to our overall results. This is while not yet seeing sales contribution from stimulus. I would like to share more in depth commentary on what drove these strong results. Within LC, orders of Alliance iS significantly increased as our new flagship HPLC product grew to a greater percentage of our HPLC volume. This occurred not just within replacement, but within opportunities tied to installed base expansion, particularly among those in large pharma. We’ve continued to expand capabilities on Alliance iS by adding new detectors like the photodiode array or PDA and by introducing the Alliance iS Bio earlier this year. Alliance iS has already been trialed by most large pharma customers over the past 18 months. With the improvement in customer CapEx spending, we have noticed a notable upshift in the speed of adoption, indicating a promising future for this instrument system. Within mass spec, the Xevo TQ Absolute saw a significant ramp-up in customer adoption. With unit sales growing more than 70% year-over-year, the system was our best-selling mass spectrometer in the quarter. Impressively, it exceeded the combined sales volume of our other tandem quad mass spectrometers for the very first time. The Xevo TQ Absolute’s rapid success has been a three-fold dynamic. First, strength has been driven by continued rapid growth in PFAS applications. We see PFAS testing as a $300 million to $350 million global market opportunity, growing 20% annually. Meanwhile, our PFAS related revenue has grown by over 40% this year. This is attributed to the competitive strength of the system, which is known for its sensitivity in the market. Second, we’ve also seen strong adoption of Xevo TQ Absolute in quantitative pharma applications such as for impurity quantitation. This includes analysis of genotox [ph] impurities, proteins and peptides. Similar to PFAS applications, its value proposition of leading sensitivity together with its sustainable design is resonating well with our customers. It is 45% smaller and uses 50% less nitrogen and electricity than comparable tandem quads. This has opened up new opportunities for us in this segment and enabled us to expand our market position. Third, the IVD version of our Xevo TQ Absolute instrument has seen strong growth within clinical applications after we launched it into that space last year. With its ability to analyze trace-level analytes at lower detection limits, it has been an instant success. It has achieved notable traction across a number of testing areas, but especially in endocrinology and for the development of high value complex tests. This is part of a very deliberate push as we expand the competitive position of our mass specs, consumables and software within clinical testing workflows. In the quarter, total clinical revenue grew low double digits, driven in part by strong sales of the system within the segment. Our results were supported by the strength of our innovation in chemistry. In the quarter, MaxPeak Premier Columns which are relevant for large and more complex molecules grew over 40%. The benefits of our MaxPeak Premier technology are unique to the market and were a key driver of us winning multiple GLP-1 related opportunities. As we’ve previously mentioned, our columns have been specced into methods for a majority of the commercially available GLP-1-related injectables on the market today. We’re extremely pleased with how well our chemistry portfolio aligns with the expected volume growth of large and small molecules. Now I will talk more about our operational performance. Margins remained resilient as we maintained a successful focus on operational management. Our gross margin expanded 20 basis points to 59.3% and our adjusted operating margin was a solid 30.8%. Looking forward, we feel very good about our future margin opportunity given our recent success in preserving and expanding our margins during challenging business conditions. We remain on track to deliver adjusted operating margin expansion this year. We also expect our 2024 result to be a good base for future long-term margin expansion. We also have long-term margin expansion opportunities from our strategic operational initiatives which are focused on areas such as productivity enhancement, cost management and pricing. As we look ahead, Waters is well positioned in attractive markets where testing plays a pivotal role in driving long-term growth. This volume growth is expected to accelerate in the future led by, first, continued growth in GLP-1 adoption within pharma and PFAS-related testing within our non-pharma segments. Second, new volume growth from an increased incidence of drug development and novel drug approvals as new molecules progress through the pharma pipeline. And third, future volume growth drivers for generic molecules are becoming more pronounced particularly due to the aging global population. In addition, a number of key blockbuster drugs will soon be reaching patent expiration. So this gives us a tremendous long-term opportunity for installed base expansion as we sell new testing capacity associated with these growth vectors in years to come. Separately, customer fleets have aged after weak macroeconomic conditions have put temporary constraints on customer CapEx spending for downstream instrumentation. This deferral of routine instrument replacement within our existing installed base has created a catch up opportunity that lies ahead of us. Expected instrument growth for 2024 still equates to a low single digit CAGR versus 2019 levels. This is significantly below the 5% long-term average growth rate that we’ve observed on a pre-COVID basis. So looking at the facts, while no two macro environments are the same, instrument down cycles have lasted between four to seven quarters. A catch up in growth has then subsequently followed as new instrument replacement cycle emerges. As I mentioned earlier, last quarter marked the seventh consecutive quarter of LC instrument decline. Market conditions remain dynamic and it is still early days but our third quarter results and improving funnel trends, especially conversion indicate that we have taken a further step towards recovery. With our strong commercial execution, category-leading portfolio, better pricing levers and exposure to pharma QA/QC, we are in an excellent position to capitalize on these future growth opportunities. Turning now to our new product launches in the quarter. We continued a steady stream of new product launches in our core markets, addressing top customer needs. This includes a high-throughput rapid scan calorimeter that enables precise thermal stability of high concentration biologic formulations. We also launched the TA Instruments compact Discovery Rheometer. This expands our rheology portfolio with an easy-to-use product for routine quality control testing within manufacturing settings such as batteries, pharmaceuticals and food. It offers similar performance to viscometers used in R&D settings but at a price point that is competitive with those in downstream settings. In our high-growth adjacencies, we are actively shaping the Waters of the future and increasing our alignment with nascent higher-growth testing applications where we have a unique right to win. Today, I will share an update on bioseparations. Approximately 50% of the drugs in the pharma pipeline are now large molecules, which includes a wide range of novel modalities beyond monoclonal antibodies that each have their own unique challenges. Given the high future growth potential and significant unmet needs that exist within separating and purifying these molecules, we have directed organic investment to solve these challenges. With the initial progress we've made over the past two years, aligning our overall chemistry business to biologics, approximately 40% of our pharma chemistry revenue now comes from large molecules. As we continue to gear our business towards future growth in novel modalities, we expect this number to rise further, particularly as we now spend approximately 70% of our chemistry R&D dollars on large molecule-related applications. Last year, we launched our first set of in-house developed enzymes for antibodies in areas such as peptide mapping and antibody drug conjugates, which have achieved great initial success. Last month, we expanded our offering further, launching our first enzymes and reagents for novel modality related applications. This includes areas like cell and gene therapy and RNA-based therapeutics such as CRISPR, oligonucleotides and mRNA. We continue to build key capabilities across each class of next-generation therapeutics with the objective of building a comprehensive portfolio that is molecule agnostic and can support the journey of any modality into high-volume settings. I will now cover our 2024 full year guidance. While market conditions remain dynamic, customer CapEx spending has continued to improve, especially in pharma QA/QC. With our strong funnel, we expect these trends to progress into the fourth quarter and result in 5% to 7% constant currency growth. This is while still making prudent assumptions around fourth quarter seasonality at equivalent levels to last year and well below typical levels. Given our raised outlook for the fourth quarter and better-than-expected third quarter results, we're raising – we're increasing our full year guide. Our updated full year 2024 organic constant currency sales growth guidance is now negative 0.9% to negative 0.3%. We are also increasing our full year 2024 adjusted earnings per share guidance to reflect our improved sales growth expectations and continued strong margin performance. At the midpoint of our full year 2024 adjusted EPS guide is now $11.77, which is flat to slightly positive versus last year, and is a 1.4% growth rate improvement compared to our previous guidance. Now I will pass the call over to Amol to continue covering our financial results in more detail and to provide further details on our guidance. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, sales of $740 million grew 4% as reported, and exceeded our guidance range. On a constant currency basis, sales increased 4%. We saw a steady improvement in customer spending throughout the quarter. This, coupled with our continued strong commercial execution, enabled us to deliver Q2 to Q3 sales step-up of $32 million or plus 4% versus typically a modest decline as we created good momentum. Funnel activity strengthen and orders outpaced sales for the second quarter in a row, enabling us to build backlog. In constant currency terms, by end market, Pharma grew 3%, Industrial grew 7%, and Academic and Government was flat. In Pharma, sales returned to positive growth. Ex-China sales grew mid-single digits with 3% instrument growth and 7% recurring revenue growth. Both small and large molecule applications grew in the quarter as customer CapEx spending trends continued to gradually improve. In Industrial, sales also returned to growth. Growth was led by food and environmental applications, which grew 5%, and chemical analysis, which grew low double-digits. We again saw strong growth from PFAS-related applications, which have been continued growth tailwind within food and environmental applications. For our TA division, sales grew 2%, led by growth in life sciences and advanced materials and chemical applications. In Academic and Government, growth was flat, reflecting an improvement versus the first half of the year, now that last year's tough prior year comparisons are behind us. By geography, all our three reported regions returned to growth, with mid single-digit sales growth in Asia and Europe and low single-digit growth in Americas. Excluding China, sales grew 5%, led by better-than-expected growth in both pharma and industrial applications. In China, sales declined mid-single digits, reflecting continued sequential improvement versus almost 30% decline in Q1 and low-teens decline in Q2. Orders in the quarter were in line with last year, and we expect China sales to return to positive growth in the fourth quarter of this year. On the subject of China stimulus, we continue to have active dialogue with various customers who stand to benefit from the funding announcements made by the Chinese government earlier this year. So far, this has led to improved coating and funnel trends in the region. These opportunities are expected to begin converting into orders and sales in 2025. By products and services, instruments grew 1%, chemistry grew 8%, and service grew 6%. There was no change in number of days versus the prior year quarter. The fourth quarter of this year has two additional days compared with last year, and three additional days compared with the third quarter of this year. Recurring revenues returned to high single-digit growth in the quarter, reflecting healthy customer activity levels and strong installed base utilization. Our commercial initiatives continue to support robust recurring revenue growth in areas such as service plan attachment, e-commerce adoption and launch of new bioseparation columns into high-growth, large molecule areas. Now I will comment on our third quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Despite the headwinds from FX, inflation and the return of annual incentive compensation, our team responded to these margin challenges with strength and commitment. Our focus on operational excellence with pricing, productivity and prudent spend management allowed us to deliver a resilient margin performance again in the quarter, with gross margin expanding 20 basis points to 59.3%. Excluding FX, gross margin expanded 50 basis points. Adjusted operating margin was 30.8%. Excluding FX, adjusted operating margin was 31.2%. Our year-over-year margin performance was impacted by last year's annual incentive compensation wash back that benefited last year's Q3 results. Our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 17.2%, and our average share count was 59.5 million shares. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share was $2.93. On a GAAP basis earnings per fully diluted share was $2.71. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to this morning's press release and in the appendix of our earnings call presentation. Turning now to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet; we define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, and excludes special items. In the third quarter of 2024, free cash flow was $179 million after funding $26 million of capital expenditures. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow is $556 million or 27% of sales, resulting in a free cash flow to adjusted net income conversion ratio of 120%. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and well-structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us to prioritize investing in growth. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will enhance value creation for our shareholders. With the strong free cash flow generation in our business model, we have made solid progress in delevering our balance sheet. In the third quarter, we reduced debt by approximately $180 million. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position was approximately $1.5 billion, which is a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1.5 times. We will evaluate our priorities between further debt paydown and the resumption of our share repurchase program throughout the remainder of the year. Now I would like to share further commentary on our fourth quarter and updated full year outlook. While market conditions remain dynamic, customer spending has shown continued signs of recovery, and our team has continued to execute well. We expect these trends to progress into the fourth quarter given our positive momentum, and as increased funnel activity translates to orders. Looking to the fourth quarter of 2024, our constant currency sales growth guidance is projected in the range of positive 5% to positive 7%. This is an improvement in the growth rate expectation versus our previous guidance and calls for mid-single-digit instrument growth in the quarter. At current rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 1.7%. Therefore, our total fourth quarter reported sales growth guidance is positive 3.3% to positive 5.3%. This guidance range prudently assumes a mid-teen quarter-over-quarter revenue run, employing below typical levels of ramp in the fourth quarter. It matches last year's Q3 to Q4 mid-teens ramp, during which we saw a much weaker than typical budget plus dynamics in Q4. Based on these revenue expectations, fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $3.90 to $4.10, which includes a negative currency impact of approximately 3 percentage points at current FX rates. Turning now to our full year guidance. Given our better-than-expected results in the third quarter and raised outlook for the fourth quarter, we are increasing our full year sales and EPS guidance. Our updated full year 2024 organic constant currency sales growth guidance is now between negative 0.9% and negative 0.3%. At current rates, currency translation is expected to subtract 1.2%. Meanwhile, M&A contributions from wired transactions has added 1.3% to our full year sales from inorganic revenue incurred in the first 4.5 months of the year. Therefore, our total full year 2024 reported sales growth guidance is in the range of negative 0.8% to negative 0.2%. Consistent with our previous guidance, gross margin for the full year is expected to be approximately 59.8%, which is a 20 basis points expansion versus 2023. Our adjusted operating margin is expected to be around 31%. Below the line, we expect our full year net interest expense to be approximately $71 million. Our full year tax rate is expected to be 16.5%, and our average diluted 2024 share count is expected to be approximately 59.5 million shares. Rolling all this together, on a non-GAAP basis, our updated full year 2024 earnings per fully diluted share guidance is projected in the range of $11.67 to $11.87. At its midpoint, this updated EPS guidance reflects slight positive growth versus last year, which is 145 basis points growth rate improvement compared to our previous guide. It includes an estimated headwind of approximately 3% due to unfavorable foreign exchange. Now I would like to turn the call back to Udit for our closing comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. So to summarize, we are very pleased with the faster-than-expected return to positive instrument growth. We're also delighted to have observed a notable upshift in new product adoption, which has contributed to our growth this quarter. Our increased full year guidance now has us at positive adjusted EPS growth versus last year at its midpoint as we expect to build leverage in our P&L, even with return of annual incentive compensation among the other headwinds of volume and FX that we've described. We're positioned well for the future, with a long-term outlook that is above our historical average growth rate of 6%. This is driven by the associated new testing capacity needed for a compelling set of global volume growth drivers as well as other factors such as price contribution. At the same time, we start to benefit from a catch-up in deferred instrument replacement as customer CapEx spending recovers. The pace of this catch-up will depend on the speed at which the market continues to improve. We are in the early innings, and the market remains dynamic, but we're off to a good start. With our team's strong commercial execution, highly competitive product portfolio and strong margin story, we are confident in our future. So with that, I will turn the call back to Caspar.
Caspar Tudor: Thanks, Udit. That concludes our formal comments. We are now ready to open the phone lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey. Thanks. Congrats on the quarter. Obviously, early innings on the replacement cycle, Udit, as you noted. I guess couple of questions here. Are you able to talk about the percentage of LCs that are going to customers that have ARC or is it mostly lab that did not upgrade, so effectively a double upgrade here? And then you have the new PEA module, I guess, how much is that helping drive LC sales? And then as we think about the next couple of years, I mean, you mentioned patent expirations, you also potentially have GLPs moving to orals. Like what other drivers should we be thinking about that could potentially help this replacement cycle as it kicks off?
Udit Batra: Thanks, Tycho, and good morning. Look, I mean, very happy with the fact that instruments have returned to growth. And if you break it down into LC and mass spec, LC after seven quarters of decline and this is I think where your question on the replacement cycle is largely focused, after seven quarters of decline, has returned to growth. This is, of course, on the back of continued strong growth in India, of which where the generic segment is doing extremely well. But equally, with return to growth in our large pharma QA/QC customer segment where LC grew in the low single-digits, both in Europe and in the United States. And another sort of corroborating set of evidence for the replacement at the beginning of the replacement cycle is when customers and we spent a ton of time and I personally did in this last quarter with large pharma customers to understand what we were seeing from a replacement cycle perspective. Look, when the customers start their replacement cycle, they bring cross-functional teams together because this is a multiyear process. They bring in ID; they bring in the analytical labs. They bring in the procurement folks and sometimes finance folks because this is a pretty large spend item, and we have seen more and more of those meetings. Now to your question on ARC versus Alliance, I mean there is an increasing proportion of our LC fleet that is ARC HPLC and now increasing the Alliance iS, which, over the last 18 months has been trialed by each and every large pharma customers. So we feel extremely good with the feedback. And over the last few months, we've added the PDA, we've added the Alliance Bio System, and we have several other ideas to continue to improve its performance. So Alliance iS is indeed playing a part in the discussions. ARC HPLC remains a strong, strong contributor to the replacement discussions as well. We won't break it down any further than that at this point. And to your question on patent expiration, I mean, and I suspect that's referring to India. Look, India has been awesome for us for the last three to four years, gone from 5% of our sales to 8%, largely driven by a strong presence in the generic segment. I mean India supplies roughly 40% of the generics globally. And going forward, we expect at least $200 billion over the next three, four years of patent, sorry, next four to five years of around $200 billion of revenues going off pattern from originators in the next three to four years and more than half of that is small molecule. So we are very well positioned in that segment as well.
Amol Chaubal: And just to add to that like Udit. As you correctly pointed out, I mean ARC is a meaningful price premium to legacy Alliance, and that has been a very successful product and very accretive from being better priced. And with the value proposition of Alliance iS, it's able to justify even a higher price premium to ARC because the unmet needs that it is solving is resonating with the customer. So that sort of creates that double effect on the replacement cycle. And very early days for PDA, so the PDA version really hasn't produced accretion because we're just launching it. So we will see more of that in Q4.
Udit Batra: Right, so in a nutshell, the replacement cycle definitely signals for the reticent cycle beginning, some impact already in the quarter and our broader market-leading LC portfolio is absolutely playing a role in those discussions.
Tycho Peterson: And then I guess, as we think about next year, are you willing to make any comments preliminarily, the Street system [ph] was 5.5% organic. Obviously, there is a tailwind...
Udit Batra: I was thinking that, that would be one of the more – one of the questions later in the call, but I suspect it's one of the first ones. Look, you know that we won't make any comments on 2025 at this stage. I mean there's a lot that will play out in the next few months. But so not to disappoint you, let me just sort of tell you how we are thinking about the puts and takes, right? So you can start with our recurring revenue. And if you look at especially the last two years, it's like a Swiss clock, right? I mean while recurring revenues in different segments, especially in pharma research, have gone up and down, in QA/QC and late stage for us, this has gone predictably well. So you can assume a long-term historic average, and that's 55% of our business. You start there. Then you look at the puts and takes on the instrument side, right? And so let's first talk about what is rather definite, right? So the generics volume, as we just talked about, will continue to grow. Now don't ask me exactly the percentage of growth, but it's pretty dynamic. Second, PFAS Testing is accretive to our overall growth, and we have a market-leading instrument that is helping us win more orders than we lose them. And GLP-1, you already mentioned that, we have pole position in that with the two largest producers. And as it gets genericized, and Indian producers come in, we think we are very well positioned. So those are things that you can assume are positive. There are two variables that we really need to sort of watch and understand better. The first is how fast as the replacement cycle is going to pick-up. And I've given you enough clues in your first question that it's already happening and the discussions are happening. And the second is the stimulus in China, right? And there, we feel that we're incredibly well positioned given the expansion of distribution, given the expansion of our localized portfolio, we feel incredibly well positioned to capitalize as the stimulus comes in. So I think those are the only two variables that you need to watch over the next three to four months, and there's plenty to happen in the next few months, and we'll talk when we give the Q4.
Amol Chaubal: Just one thing to add there is pricing, right? Even in this environment, where we are seeing aggressive competitive pricing pressures, we are still delivering on our commitment of 100 basis points plus versus the historic levels, and the proof is in our gross margin.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then just one last quick one on capital allocation. Amol, you talk about preference for M&A versus buyback. You mentioned both in your comments?
Udit Batra: Look, Tycho, again, something that we won't get into a ton of detail – a ton of detail on other than what we've said. Look, we're executing on what we told you probably three, four years ago when the transformation started. We said we were going to learn how to play better with the hand we have. This is commercial execution and margin preservation that you saw all the way through in 2023. Then we said we're going to launch new products that are going to be first-in-class and best-in-class, and they're delivering the promise, be it Alliance iS, Xevo TQ Absolute or our chemistry columns. And third, we said we're going to start executing on M&A, which is aligned with our well-stated and clearly stated strategic ambitions, and that's where Wyatt fit in. So from a capital allocation perspective, that's the sequence. We will spend more energy on organic growth. We think we have a ton of opportunities there. If a deal makes sense like it did with Wyatt and it's aligned with our strategy and it's financially very disciplined, we will do it. And of course, we will continue to return value to our shareholders through buybacks, but it's a balanced capital allocation strategy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Udit, you took down guidance last quarter, taking it back up now. Can you just talk about like which end markets actually beat your expectations? And it does feel like the LC replacement cycle may be coming back faster now than what your base case might have been two or three months ago. Is that a fair assessment? And talk about just which region might be driving that?
Udit Batra: So Brandon, good morning and thank you for your question. Look, I mean, everything across the board came ahead of expectations, right? So I think you can see that in the print as well. And as we go into Q4 and our sort of guidance philosophy, look, you need to look at it from two different perspectives. One, all the positive drivers we expect that we have seen improve over the year will continue into Q4, right? So through the year, sequentially the growth has gone up and Q3 was 4%, including the LC replacement, we see better signals for that. We see the generics market going pretty well between the PFAS testing that I've just gone through that in the previous question as well. So we see all of those trends continuing. And hence, we've raised the midpoint of our – midpoint of our guidance for Q4 from a revenue perspective, so it's now 6%, right? So that has – the trends have given us confidence to raise the guidance. And so on the other side, the second aspect, and Amol mentioned this in the prepared remarks as well. On the other side, it's one data point. I want to see more before we get more bullish. So if you look at the top end of the guidance, what we've done is we tried to keep the ramp from Q3 to Q4 the same as last year, right? So just elaborate a little bit. Over the last three years from Q3 to Q4, the step-up in revenue from Q3 to Q4 usually is about 22%. Last year, we saw one of the most [indiscernible] ramps that we've seen in our history. And we felt was prudent keep that as the other book end of the guide. So while trends are improving across the board, pharma, industrial, any of the portfolio segments feel it's prudent at this point, sort of put it on the book and keep the ramp same as last year.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on China, you have pretty mixed data points, I would say, so far from other peers this quarter. Is the signal to noise ratio from your point of view, getting any better? And how do you think stimulus is order activity quoting, is tracking relative to your expectations right now?
Udit Batra: So I mean that's a great question. I had a chance to visit China in September, and I have the same questions that you do, and had a chance to visit a lot of customers, see some government officials across the country, not just in one city, and across many customer segments, right? So it was a pretty helpful visit. In all, I mean if you just look at the numbers for a minute, China came in line with our expectations. Orders are in line with what we saw at the same time last year. Sales went down by 5% versus the same time last year, and that's largely due to one shipment moving in the TA business from Q3 to Q4. So that impacted sales, but orders are in line with last year as we expected. Now that said, as the market conditions, and this is something I learned from our team, the market conditions have worsened over the last two years, I mean, our team basically first, of course, rightsized the organization to respond to the conditions. But then we took a deliberate effort to expand our distribution to many more customer segments than we've been historically present in. Second, we localized our full portfolio. So as and when the stimulus comes, we feel very well placed to capitalize on it. Now talking about the stimulus in particular, I mean, you know that the first one was on instrument replacement and the government is now thinking through releasing another one on fiscal stimulus, right? So pretty broad-based encouragement for the economy. We feel very well positioned to take advantage of it. And in the last quarter, I talked about one of the first discussions we had that looked like it could consummate into an order. This was discussions with customs agencies that our government run that has indeed come through. So that order has actually come through. The sales, don't ask me if it gets converted in Q4 or early next year, it's probably there or thereabouts. It's not in our guidance. And don't get too excited, it's low single-digit millions, but it is the first signal that the stimulus is now converting into sales. And as I said, we feel incredibly well positioned to take advantage of it. So in a nutshell, China came in as expected, improving conditions from the first half of the year into Q3. And as we look ahead, we feel incredibly well positioned to take advantage of the stimulus. And it's not just signals; it's actually turning into reality. I hope that helps.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Puneet Souda with Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Puneet Souda: Yes. Hi Udit thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the strong frontier. First question, we're seeing varying numbers of instrumentation growth in the peers. I mean you have instrumentation recovering in LC and also MS, an LC replacement cycle is happening, where some of the peers are still saying mid-single-digit decline. So can you take a step back and elaborate a bit about the QA/QC position that Waters has when it comes to instrumentation growth? What do you think is misunderstood here? And on the consumables side, the 8% chemistry and columns number, that was impressive. Could you maybe provide us your thoughts on the sustainability of that? And what gives you confidence why that recurring revenue should continue to sustain in 2025 despite the comps?
Udit Batra: Let's start with the simpler question, Puneet, and good morning. Recurring revenues for us are like the Swiss clock, okay? You go back in 2024 and you compare our recurring revenues to anybody in the peer group, and you'll find that they're very stable, right, mid- to high single-digits. And so there's not much to say there other than the fact that this is going to continue. And we're fueling it with new innovation, attachment rates and service are increasing. So if anything this starts to grow even more. And as we are at the cusp of the replacement cycle, you will see service revenues improve. So there's nothing more to say there other than just look at the history and the facts, and it's pretty clear. On the instrument side, this is how I would think about it, and I'll try to sort of break it down from a customer segment as well because your question had that piece. First, from a volume perspective, look, there are two obvious drivers, right? The first is generics in India, right? We have a strong position there, and that continues to grow, and it's not just in India, it's also in Eastern Europe and parts of the U.S. that we continue to benefit disproportionately from our presence there. Second is the initiation of the replacement cycle. And here, I'll just take a slight detail and talk about pharma, in particular, and that might explain some of the differentiated results here, right? And basically, for us, we are – our instrument results, our consumables results are more proportional to the volume of testing in compliant conditions, be it pharma or be it non-pharma. In pharma our stronger presence in QA/QC, testing for marketed drugs, both generics and originators makes us – makes us slightly different than what you're seeing with the rest of the peer group, right? So that segment is doing – has been pretty resilient announced the replacement cycle benefits us there. If you now contrast that with upstream, in pharma research we are not seeing the same level of dynamism, right? So upstream where customers have been impacted by IRA, the funding is still not yet going. You can make the same argument for biotech. Biotech, while funding has improved, CapEx cycles have not improved. And finally in CDMOs, we are, again, very well positioned as we look at novel modalities in particular, for our recurring revenues and increasingly for our Instruments with ADCs and oligonucleotides. So from a volume perspective in Instruments, we’re very well positioned. Second, we’ve talked a lot about our best-in-class new products. I mean, we may took a deliberate – we took on a deliberate effort three to four years ago to revitalize our portfolio. And now you can see the results, Alliance iS, that’s the standard in HPLC testing, augmenting our MaxPeak Premier supported ACQUITY Premier for UPLC, quad [ph] mass spec, Xevo TQ Absolute sets the standard for PFAS testing for sensitivity. And we have just introduced the Xevo MRT, and that is receiving very good feedback from customers for metabolomic testing, where you don’t have to give up speed if you want high resolution and you get it all on a bench-top mass spec. And finally, on pricing, given the differentiated portfolio and enhanced operational execution, we feel very confident that we will be able to extract at least 100 basis points improvement in pricing. So I wanted to give you a comprehensive answer because you touched on end markets as well, but feel very good about where we are on our instrument portfolio.
Amol Chaubal: And just to add to your absolutely correct insight on the recurring revenues, right? No two recurring revenue portfolios are equal. And sometimes we get penalized because 45% of our portfolio is Instruments. But people overlook the fact that the remaining 55%, which is recurring, when you contrast it with other recurring portfolios in the market. In this down economy, the other recurring portfolios have been flat or even negative growth. Our recurring revenue portfolio as Udit says is a Swiss clock. It has always been between 6% and 8%, typically 7%. And people typically overlook this fact, right? And when you put that together, it sort of gives you so much more stability in the equation.
Puneet Souda: Got it. That’s super helpful. Thanks for covering that. Just a follow-up on the GLP peptides, obviously, one of the largest categories in terms of volume. And Udit you talked about volume being an important driver. Can you just help us understand sort of how broad is your position there? And essentially, as new molecules are emerging orals and improved injectables, can you elaborate what your position within those are? And just given the volume growth that you can potentially expect in this market. And how to think about this in 2025? I know it’s about 2025, but I’m just wondering how to think about GLP-1s in 2025 context? Thank you.
Udit Batra: Puneet, you’re going to be super popular with your peers because you’re asking all the questions. But that said, look, it’s a relevant question. GLP-1s are accretive to our growth. And when you look at our position, in columns, we are the primary vendor specced in for both the two large injectable manufacturers for chemistry. Instruments are distributed between us and another vendor, but usually 60-40 us or slightly more than that, depending upon which one. And third, there are atline testing HPLC and UPLC instruments, where we have the lion’s share, and these are called PATROL Systems for those of you who have been following Waters, who will be very well familiar with it. They are adopted in each and every manufacturing site and each and every line of both Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly. Now to your question on orals, we feel very good about where we are. It’s early days in terms of talking about exactly what spec and what’s not. But we are very well positioned, not just with these two, but with many others who are working on it. Third piece is around GLP-1s in the generic segment. As I mentioned earlier, we have a good position with the generics manufacturers in India and in Eastern Europe. And as they start to bring the older GLP-1s and start to genericize them, we again feel very good about our position there. 2025, I won’t say more, especially on the specifics of what will happen with GLP-1s, but there is no reason to believe that the trend doesn’t follow the overall volume growth that we have seen so far.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hi, Udit. Good morning to you and congrats on the nice prints here. Maybe one on the competitive dynamics here. Do you believe Waters is gaining market share? Or is this a broader sort of end market recovery? How would you characterize your competitor position?
Udit Batra: Vijay, thanks for the question. And I mean, having been in the industry over a decade, I mean this is question on market share is always [Technical Difficulty] using two things. And we discuss market share, share of wallet market share. Given that most of our peers have different portfolios in different segments, it’s very difficult to have direct comment other than your own information, which is longitude. So we have information for many years. And I can tell you, we are winning more than we’re losing across different segments. And just to sort of shed some more light why that’s happening. First, I mean, basically what we said four years ago, moved our commercial execution and basically follow each and every opportunity, [Technical Difficulty] system gives us incredible exposure, and our teams have worked really hard in the last two years to maintain and win very difficult environment. Second, we have a market-leading portfolio. We have podium position LC. We have podium position in quantitative mass spec to each other segment that very hard, increasingly developing high-resolution mass spec, Xevo MRT metabolomic testing, and we set standards for column testing [Technical Difficulty] chemistry. So feel very good about the portfolio going forward. So I think from a competitive standpoint, I can confidently say that we’ve been more than we lose [ph]. But if you pin me down and say what exactly is the market share point by point gain, I would need very trustworthy information from each of our competitors to add and subtract. And I’m surprised that people are able to make comments with so much confidence. I think we’re confusing to choose share of wallet and market share.
Amol Chaubal: And just to add on. We don’t have IMS like data in our [Technical Difficulty], right? The only place where you can sort of gauge [Technical Difficulty] growth outsized towards this market. And for us, there are three vectors [Technical Difficulty] DFAS we are growing twice market, India. We do so much more better than the market, the clinical [Technical Difficulty].
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And maybe, Amol, one for you on this guidance here. You beat the quarter by $25 million, annual was raised roughly by 25. When you look at the sequential revenue math, while I understand it’s consistent with last year, I think you have extra days in Q4. So maybe just talk about the guidance assumptions here in Q4. Is that conservatism or any pull forward of revenues from Q4 into 3Q? Thank you.
Amol Chaubal: No, no, look, I mean, we want it to be prudent, right? I mean, we wanted to be in line with the ramp we saw last year. Last year, we saw about 15% ramp, which is far lower than typical. What we have guided is 15.5%. We have two extra days in the ramp this year versus last year, and that adds 2% more recurring revenue or 1% overall, right? So call it 16%. So maybe it’s a tad conservative and prudent at this stage in the equation. So that’s on the sales side. On the EPS side, our full year raise is slightly lower than our Q3 beat. And that’s to do with the fact with the timing of spend, right? I mean, we had pullback spend because September is a big month and we wanted to make sure it checks out to our assumptions, which it did. And plus we want to be ready as market starts to recover. And so that’s purely timing of spend. We’re still raising our full year EPS guide. And now the full year EPS guide is slightly positive versus last year.
Udit Batra: And I think there’s two embellishments. One on the spend. Look, I mean, we are seeing dynamic growth in generics in India, in Eastern Europe, we’re seeing very good growth with the Alliance iS as the adoption improves. We’re seeing great growth in PFAS. We’re not pulling back spending. And so as teams come in, we are really making sure that they have the resources to grow in the future. And then your question on pull forward, no pull forward. You just need to look at the orders and sales, orders grew again faster than sales and backlog has been building. So no pull forward at all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Brennan with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you. Thanks for the questions. Congrats on the quarter. Maybe just on – just to start on China. So in the quarter, what China instruments may be down around 10% is our math. I’m just wondering, did you say what your implied or kind of what your guide is for China in the fourth quarter and for Instruments? And Udit you talked about the stimulus like any way to size what that might be for 2025, and we come up with $70 billion in monetary stimulus being allocated broadly to Instruments and kind of science and tech, is that the number? And any sense of what percent the sector could capture that?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So look, I mean, China for the quarter was minus 5%. Instruments were down sort of high single digits for Q4 – and again, a lot of it, as Udit mentioned, has to do with the fact that orders were in line with last year. It was just timing of some of the TA-related shipments. As we get into Q4, we are expecting growth to return to China. So it will be sort of low single-digit to mid-single-digit growth in China, and Instruments will be somewhere around low to mid-single-digit decline. But again, as we said, we have had no major incremental negative news from China since Q3 of last year. And because we had finished shipping last stimulus in Q2 of last year, Q3, Q4 baseline for us in China is pretty corrected. Stimulus, I mean it’s hard to say at this stage because the biggest challenge is timing. Unlike last time, this is being rolled out through different provinces. And based on our read, every province is in different part of its journey in terms of getting all the paperworks and approvals together. So still very early days in sort of timing the stimulus as it will happen next year. I mean, it’s inevitable. It’s going to be a great tailwind for the sector, but hard to put…
Udit Batra: And then, just to embellish this on the China piece, we were in China, September, as I mentioned earlier. I mean, the general sense is, yes, the stimulus is coming. We have many conversations with each individual customer who is looking to qualify. We expanded our distribution as a result to make sure we were in every place where there was a discussion going on. This one would be very dispersed. It’s not one that will be concentrated in two or three big academic institutions. So we’ve prepared ourselves. We’ve localized the portfolio. As I mentioned, we already see the first offer set of orders consummate. And as I said, I don’t know if it lands this year in sales or early next year, it’s low single-digit millions, but it’s a good signal that it’s happening. Very difficult to talk about timing at this stage. I mean that the next three months past will find out a lot more until that time. And I think you talked about the $70 billion, but there’s an equally important fiscal stimulus, that will create confidence in the overall economy, and that will influence the sector as well. So don’t forget that piece of it as well.
Dan Brennan: Got it. And then maybe just as a follow-up. Just – I know you’ve touched on PFAS and GLP-1 several times throughout. Would you be – I know you talked about the long-term opportunity in terms of contribution to your growth rate. Would you be willing to size how big those businesses are today and kind of how much they’re contributing today to your growth?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean what we’ve said is both those businesses will contribute about 30 to 40 basis points of accretive growth, and that’s based on purely the environmental side of PFAS. What we are seeing on PFAS is it’s now spilling into things such as food and consumer products, and that would be incremental upside to that 30 to 40 basis points of accretive growth on PFAS. On GLP-1, that assumption is based on what percentage of prescription volumes GLP-1 will be, say, around 20, 30 based on analyst reports. If you look at it in an alternative way, which is what percentage of CapEx GLP-1 will be over the next decade, you get to a much larger number. But at this stage, we would want to stay prudent.
Udit Batra: Yes. And I mean I think the other way to look at this is you take a visit to Copenhagen, highly recommended, or go around Indianapolis and the number of cranes per square foot is higher than Cambridge, Mass where the biotech and [indiscernible] at its height as well when the biotech boom was going. So it’s pretty serious activity Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matt Sykes: Hi, good morning. Thanks for my questions. Congrats on the quarter. Maybe just going back to Instruments, and Udit, a comment you made about a catch-up opportunity. How do you see the slope of recovery as we kind of move into next year? And do you have expectations that it could outgrow that 5% historical average? I think it’s interesting to see the replacement cycle kicking in for you, and I think there’s still a lot of questions about how gradual that recovery will be and your comments around catch-up opportunities suggest there might be some pent-up demand. So maybe you could just kind of contextualize how you see this potential recovery taking place?
Udit Batra: So I think – thanks, Matt. I mean I think the magnitude is pretty clear, right? I mean you can just look at historical numbers, do the CAGRs that we’ve been doing for so much time. And you can see the magnitude is pretty significant, especially for LC catch-up opportunity. In terms of the slope, I mean, just being fact-based, that can go anywhere from 0.5% to 11% growth quarter – one quarter to the other for the recovery. So it’s very difficult to predict based on facts. Now you can then rely on two other features. One is the funnels that we have. And there, I can tell you, since March, June and now September, the last quarter – the last month of every quarter tells you a lot about funnel conversion. It has been improving, right? So we’ve been seeing people say they’re going to do something, they do it. And they say they’re going to do large stuff. They do large stuff. They’re going to do small stuff, they do small stuff. So it’s the funnel conversion rates have been getting much more robust as we’ve gone through. So the predictions become way better. And the last piece is customer conversations, and I delved into the qualitative part of the conversation. We’re having an increasing number of cross-functional discussions with our customers where IT will also show up and procurement will show up, finance will show up. So those are the start of a multiyear replacement discussion where the CapEx is pretty significant for our large pharma customers. And I’m talking here about also non-GLP-1 customers. So I think that’s as much as I can say right now. And as I said, more will reveal itself in the next few months, and we’ll share it at the full year numbers.
Matt Sykes: Great. Very helpful. And then just when you look at sort of medium-term views on China, just given where the GDP growth has gone from where it’s been historically, how are you thinking about sort of medium- to long-term growth in China given your portfolio and your exposure there?
Udit Batra: Lots of people way smarter than us have been speculating on this. I think the general sense at this point is it’s a mid-single-digit grower. And – if because it’s a developed economy, but if you have an advantaged portfolio, in some cases where we do, and you have better execution, you can outgrow that number. So I think that’s as much as we can say about that at this stage. And again, more will reveal itself, Matt, as time goes on.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you for joining us today and for your support and interest in Waters. A replay of this call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. This concludes our call, and we look forward to seeing you at future events and conferences.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. Participants, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator:
Operator:
Caspar Tudor:
Udit Batra: Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. In this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. We will provide guidance regarding possible future results as well as commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the third quarter of 2024 and full year 2024. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. Please see the risk factors included within our Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs and the cautionary language included in this morning's earnings release. During today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide presentation accompanying today's call. Both are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal year 2023. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today's call are on a comparable organic constant currency basis. Finally, we do not intend to update our guidance predictions or projections, except as part of a regularly scheduled earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now I'll hand over to Udit to deliver our key remarks. Following that, Amol will present a more detailed view of our results and guidance after we'll open up the phone lines for questions. Over to you, Udit.
Amol Chaubal: Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. In this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. We will provide guidance regarding possible future results as well as commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the third quarter of 2024 and full year 2024. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. Please see the risk factors included within our Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs and the cautionary language included in this morning's earnings release. During today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide presentation accompanying today's call. Both are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal year 2023. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today's call are on a comparable organic constant currency basis. Finally, we do not intend to update our guidance predictions or projections, except as part of a regularly scheduled earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now I'll hand over to Udit to deliver our key remarks. Following that, Amol will present a more detailed view of our results and guidance after we'll open up the phone lines for questions. Over to you, Udit.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning, everyone. We achieved strong results in the second quarter that exceeded both our top-line and bottom-line reported guidance. I want to begin today's call by thanking my colleagues for their dedication to commercial execution, operational management, and innovation. This enables us to deliver differentiated performance and accelerate the benefits of pioneering science. In the quarter, year-over-year organic constant currency sales were 500 basis points better than Q1 levels. We saw a steady improvement in customer spending throughout the quarter with a strong finish in June. Orders outpaced sales for the quarter as we built good momentum for the second half of the year. We again delivered resilient operational results with earnings surpassing our expectations. This reflects the strength of our downstream business model, progress on our strategic and operational initiatives, and our indomitable spirit. We also continued our steady stream of new product launches, releasing further innovations that address key customer needs.
operator: Turning now to our results. In the second quarter, sales declined 4% as reported and 4% in organic constant currency. Our non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.63. On a GAAP basis, EPS was $2.40. Excluding China, sales declined in low single digits. Growth was consistent with our expectations across each of our end markets. Customer CapEx spending is showing early signs of improvement. In China, sales declined in the low teens, which was better than expected. Growth rates improved in all end markets compared to the previous quarter, especially in pharma and in industrial. While the stimulus measures announced by the Chinese government this year are still in the early stages of implementation, we are having active conversations with customers who stand to benefit from these initiatives. So far, this has led to improved quoting and funnel trends in the region. These opportunities are expected to begin converting to orders in 2025. Overall, instruments declined 17% and recurring revenue grew 5%. Wyatt delivered a 2% M&A contribution to sales, which was better than expected. It marks a strong close to the first year following the acquisition, where synergies were delivered well ahead of schedule. Wyatt operates in high-growth markets serving large molecule applications, especially across cell, gene and RNA therapies. Altogether, it should deliver 40 basis points of annualized accretion to the total company growth in the near to midterm. Now I will talk about our operational performance. Margins remained resilient as we again successfully counteracted volume, FX, and inflationary headwinds with solid operational management. Our gross margin for the quarter was flat at 59.3%, and our adjusted operating margin was solid at 29.2%. Even with recent progress, our work is far from over. We have runway towards further long-term margin expansion driven by our strategic and operational initiatives. This includes areas such as productivity enhancement where we have various programs that are still in the early stages. At the same time, our focus on pricing continues to yield contribution that is well ahead of historical levels. Looking forward, we feel very good about our future margin opportunity given our recent success in preserving and expanding our margins during challenging business conditions. Beyond 2024 levels, we expect to deliver a more pronounced impact on our long-term margin performance, particularly when more typical volume leverage returns. In the second quarter, we launched a steady stream of new products, solving the unmet needs of our customers. At ASMS in June, we unveiled the Xevo MRD, which is now our highest-performing bench-top mass spectrometer. It builds on the multi-reflecting time-of-flight technology pioneered by the Select Series MRT, which has greater throughput and a more compact form factor. With up to 6x greater resolution and 2x better mass accuracy than competitive systems, the Xevo MRT sets new industry standards for high resolution at blazingly fast speeds. So far, our customers have been impressed by its capabilities. It will serve discovery and other upstream pharma workflows where it will accelerate R&D times for new drugs. This includes areas such as metabolite identification where resolution, accuracy and speed are all critical value drivers. We also launched the latest evolution of our Acquity QDa mass detector, one of our all-time best-selling analytical instruments. The QDa II provides a 20% enhancement in mass range which benefits routine identification and analysis of large molecules. It also has excellent green credentials consuming up to 70% less energy than competing products. This is a benefit of increased importance to our customers. Most importantly, the QDA II runs on Empower, which allows for seamless regulatory submission of compliance-related data for large molecules. As we look ahead, Waters is well positioned in attractive markets with secular growth drivers where testing volume plays a pivotal role in driving long-term growth. Our full ecosystem of instruments, informatics, advanced chemistry and leading service positions us very well to help ensure the safety of medicine, food and water and batteries in electric vehicles. Along with our business model, the regulated and recurring nature of these applications results in excellent profitability and free cash flow generation. In recent years, we've made meaningful progress in aligning Waters with faster-growing large molecule applications. Now over a third of our pharma revenues comes from large molecules and novel modalities. At the same time, future testing volume is expected to grow faster than historical levels with increased prescription volumes, including GLP-1s and areas such as PFAS testing. With our revitalized portfolio, we are in an excellent position to capitalize on these growth opportunities. Over the past several years, we've launched multiple innovative new products that have enhanced our competitive edge and created better pricing levers. Serving our core -- our next-generation LC platform, Alliance iS serves routine QA/QC analysis for both large and small molecule workflows where innovation helps drive -- helps to drive instrument replacement. It also includes our Xevo TQ absolute mass spectrometer, which is seeing rapid growth in areas such as PFAS testing. Within our high-growth adjacencies, we've launched new products into bioanalytical characterization, battery testing and clinical applications, all of which are gaining traction given the critical unmet needs that they solve. Finally, recent deferral of routine instrument replacement has created a catch-up opportunities -- catch-up opportunity that lies ahead of us. Weak macroeconomic conditions have put temporary constraints on customer CapEx spending for downstream instrumentation. Historically, this dynamic has lasted for 4 to 7 quarters and has been followed by a catch up. Looking at the facts, while no two macro environments are the same, Q2 marks the seventh consecutive quarter of LC instrument decline. Expected instrument growth for 2024 equates to a 1% CAGR versus 2019 levels. This is significantly below the 5% long-term average growth rate. Improving funnel trends are a positive leading indicator that we are approaching the early innings of a recovery and initiation of a new replacement cycle. I will now cover our 2024 full year guidance. While customer activity is showing signs of recovery, we're adding caution to our guide. Accordingly, we are revising our full year 2024 sales guidance to assume a more gradual pace of improvement in the second half of the year. As a result, our revised full year organic growth constant currency sales guidance is negative 2% to negative 0.5%. With our commitment to excellent operational performance, we expect to build leverage in our P&L and deliver an adjusted operating margin of around 31%. Therefore, our updated adjusted EPS guidance is in the range of $11.55 to $11.65. Now I will pass the call over to Amol to continue covering our financial results in more detail and to provide further guidance -- further details on our guidance. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, sales exceeded our guidance range on a reported basis, declining 4%. Organic constant currency sales also declined 4%, which was a 5% improvement in growth compared with Q1 levels. We saw a steady improvement in customer spending throughout the quarter with orders outpacing sales. M&A contributed 2% to sales covering -- results in the first 1.5 months of the quarter. This was better than expected as we were able to accelerate revenue synergies as part of our integration. We are pleased that within the first year of the acquisition -- it is already EPS and margin accretive and our M&A execution remains well on track. Overall, FX was a 2% headwind to the second quarter sales. In organic constant currency terms, by end market, Pharma declined 4%, Industrial declined 4%, and Academic and Government declined 16%. In Pharma, sales excluding China declined low single digits, while in China, sales declined low double digits. In both cases, this reflects an improvement in growth rates compared to the previous quarter. In Industrial, sales declined 1% outside of China, led by low single-digit growth in the Americas. We again saw strong growth globally for PFAS-related applications, which has been a consistent tailwind for environmental testing. In China, sales declined low double digits, which was also an improvement in growth rates compared to the previous quarter. For our TA division, sales were flat, driven by improvement in segments such as electronics, advanced materials, and chemicals. In Academic and Government, growth remained weak as stimulus in China and elevated global funding drove lumpy spending patterns and a tough 21% comparison in the prior year's quarter. By geography, sales in Asia declined 3%, while sales in Americas and Europe both declined 7%. By products and services, instruments declined 17% and chemistry and service both grew 5%. There was no change in the number of days versus the prior year quarter. Our commercial initiatives continue to support robust recurring revenue growth despite ongoing headwinds from China. Within our service business, we have already achieved our goal of increasing service plan attachment by a further 100 basis points this year with service planned revenue growing high single digits in the quarter. We are now targeting an additional 50 to 100 basis points of service plan attachment over the remainder of the year. Now I will comment on our second quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Despite headwinds from lower sales volume, FX and inflation. Our team continued to respond to these challenges with resilience and commitment. Our focus on operational excellence with pricing, productivity and prudent spend management allowed us to deliver a resilient margin performance in the quarter. Gross margin was flat at 59.3% and our second quarter adjusted operating margin was 29.2% as expected. Excluding FX, both gross margin and adjusted operating margin expanded 40 basis points year-over-year. Our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 16.5%, and our average share count was 59.5 million shares. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share was $2.63. On a GAAP basis, earnings per fully diluted share was $2.40. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached in this morning's press release and in the appendix of our earnings call presentation. Turning now to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excludes special items. In the second quarter of 2024, free cash flow was $143 million after funding $36 million of capital expenditures. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow is $377 million or 28% of sales resulting in free cash flow to adjusted net income conversion ratio of 131%. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and a well-structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us to prioritize investing in growth. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will enhance value creation for our shareholders. In the second quarter, we continued to delever while paying out this year's tax reform payment of $96 million and other items totaling $30 million. As expected, at the end of the quarter, our net debt position was approximately $1.7 billion, which is a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1.7 times. As we continue to delever our balance sheet, we will evaluate the resumption of our share repurchase program throughout the remainder of the year. Now I would like to share further commentary on our full year outlook and provide you with our guidance for the third quarter. While business conditions showed signs of recovery in the second quarter, we are adding caution to our guidance. As a result, we are revising our full year 2024 sales guidance to assume a more gradual pace of improvement in the second half of the year. Our updated guidance assumes relatively flat quarter-over-quarter revenue progression in Q3 versus Q2. It also implies a weaker than typical budget flush dynamics in the fourth quarter. Despite the added caution, we are still expecting the business to return to growth in the second half of the year. Given these dynamics, our revised full-year 2024 guidance is for organic constant currency sales growth between negative 2% and negative 0.5%. At current exchange rates, we anticipate that currency translation will negatively impact full-year sales by approximately 1.5%. Meanwhile, M&A contribution from wire transaction has added 1.3% to our full year from inorganic sales incurred in the first four and a half months of the year. Therefore, our total full-year 2024 reported sales growth guidance is in the range of negative 2.2% to negative 0.7%. With our commitment to excellent operational performance, we expect to build leverage in our P&L, even with the reduction in our guide. Consistent with our previous guidance, gross margin for the full year is expected to be approximately 59.8%, which is 20 basis points of expansion versus 2023. Our adjusted operating margin is expected to be around 31%. Below the line, we expect full-year net interest expense to be approximately $77 million. Our full-year tax rate is expected to be 16.3% and our average diluted 2024 share count is expected to be approximately 59.4 million. Rolling all this together, on a non-GAAP basis, our full-year revised 2024 earnings per fully diluted share guidance is projected in the range of $11.55 to $11.65 and includes an estimated headwind of approximately 3% due to unfavorable foreign exchange. Looking to the third quarter of 2024, we anticipate that customer spending will remain cautious, but show further signs of recovery. We expect an improvement in year-over-year growth compared to that in the second quarter as previous year comparisons, particularly in China, become easier and has continued improvement in funnel activity translates to orders. Given these dynamics, our third-quarter organic constant currency sales growth guidance is projected in the range of positive 1% to positive 3%. At current rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 1.5%. Therefore, our third quarter reported sales growth guidance is negative 0.5% to positive 1.5%. Based on these revenue expectations, third-quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $2.60 to $2.70, which includes a negative currency impact of approximately two percentage points at current FX rates. Now I would like to turn the call back to Udit for our closing comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. So now to summarize, with our strong commercial execution and continued resilient operational performance, our second quarter results demonstrate Waters' ability to deliver solid results in various market conditions. We're positioned well for the future with a long-term outlook that is above our historical growth rate of 6% as global testing volume growth remains on track and customer CapEx spending continues to recover. I am also proud of what our team has continued to accomplish on ESG and sustainability. Last month, we announced that Waters has become the first liquid chromatography column provider to receive the ACT Ecolabel certification from My Green Lab. This designation applies to more than 40 of our LC columns and makes it easier for scientists and procurement professionals to choose more sustainable lab products. So with that, I will now turn the call back over to Caspar.
Caspar Tudor: Thanks, Udit. And that concludes our formal comments. We are now ready to open the phone lines for questions.
Operator:
Operator:
Vijay Kumar: One maybe high level on your comments about the progression in the quarter, a strong finish to June, orders above revenues. Help us square what the guidance change, right? I don't think the guide change was a surprise. Is this just a conservatism in light of the strong June finish order momentum commentary? Or how should we inputting of the guide change?
Udit Batra: First, thank you for the question. I think you sort of answered your own question. We just sort of taking first just a step back and a 10,000-foot view. I mean our approach to guidance, Vijay has not changed as we progressed through quarter-on-quarter, right? So we look at 3 different things. We, of course, look at the facts from the funnel, how the quarter is progressing, how it's ending, then we spend a lot of time looking at history. I mean, there's not that many businesses that have 20 years of data on instruments quarter-on-quarter. So we look at that and the third thing we do is we talk to our customers and see what the sentiment is, how the orders are progressing, how the sales are progressing. So just to take you through that, and sorry for the long answer, but it will give you context on our philosophy and the guide. So on the fact, you're totally right. We saw -- we've seen progressive improvement from Q1 to Q2. Sales have declined less in Q2 versus Q1 and as Q2 progressed, I mean, as you will know, June is a big month for us. We saw significant momentum in June. You'll remember, in March, we talked about orders and quality of orders and we said we'll start to see them convert into sales towards the end of Q2. Exactly, that's exactly what happened. Lot of sales momentum at the end of the quarter in June and equally, orders growing even faster than sales. So we feel very good about where we see the funnels and what we see with the facts. Now historically, when you look at Waters' business, we have the benefit of, as I said, 20 years of data, especially LC, if you just look at the LC business, when it goes through trough, it is usually between 4 to 7 quarters of negative growth and Q2 was the seventh quarter of negative growth. So we are poised for a recovery and we're operating at -- if you just look at Q2 on a 5-year CAGR basis, it's minus 2%. And we're seeing signs of recovery in LC. So we've factored that into our thinking. And then finally, talking to customers, both of those factual pieces of evidence are verified. I spent a lot of time in the quarter in Europe and in the U.S. with large pharma customers, in particular, China is improving. So as we look at the second half of the year, we're expecting to see improvement quarter-on-quarter as we go from 1 quarter to the other. The second half will see growth, as you rightly pointed out, we've just taken our guidance down, especially in the fourth quarter to assume a slightly lower ramp than we would see historically. So just a little bit of caution built into it. I think on a constant currency basis, it's not more than $50 million. So there's a bit of caution built into what we're seeing. And as more data emerges, you'll see us correct that. Sorry for the long answer, but I know -- I'm sure many people have the same question.
Vijay Kumar: No, that's helpful. And if I understand you, what you're saying is, look, we're not seeing anything in the quarter. It's positive trends in the right direction. But from a guidance perspective, you're just derisking it. And it's more from the perspective of being conservative versus having seen anything in the quarter. Is that a fair summary?
Udit Batra: Yes.
Vijay Kumar: Revenues, I think, were cut maybe 3% below street the implied Q4 dollar revenues. -- EPS roughly in line with -- the Street. So what changed is the implied operating margins coming in better? Is there any below-the-line contribution that's driving Q4 EPS?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Look, I mean, as you've seen us through last year and this year also back in '22 against inflationary pressures. Our team is super resilient, and we are able to defend margin and even during down volume cycles, we're able to expand margin. As we've discussed before, we have a set of productivity initiatives that have a very long runway, and we are able to accelerate some of them and that reflects in sort of how we've been able to expand margin even last year. If you look at the embedded implied margin profile in our guide. Our second half margin is relatively flat versus last year. So there is not any meaningful step-up in the second half versus prior year. The only thing is as we've sort of taken a more cautionary view on the guide, we will see some of the actions that we've put in place already show up in Q4, and that will help us a little bit in Q4. But other than that second half is relatively flat versus last year.
Operator: The next question will come from Dan Brennan of TD Cowen.
Dan Brennan: Maybe just on instruments. Q2 was about in line, right, with what your guide expected down in '17. I think you were down mid-teens. Can you just flush out a little bit LC versus MS? And how are we thinking about the updated instrument outlook for the back half of the year and kind of what's the math to support that.
Udit Batra: So let me start and Amol can jump in, Dan. So instruments declined about 17% in the quarter, LC was a bit modest than that, mid-teens. -- spec declined a bit more, and TA was around minus 2%, so minus 17% in the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing steady improvement as we went through the quarter and the funnels look extremely strong, especially on the LC front. So for the back half of the year, we're assuming that the instrument growth rate would be flat versus the previous year. So overall, second half is flat. And just to sort of go a bit beyond the numbers, and now as I mentioned earlier, the LC replacement cycle now is in the seventh quarter of its decline, we're starting to see across the globe customers initiating their replacement cycle. So we expect that to -- we expect a little bit of decline or flat growth in Q3 for LC, but in Q4, we expect the replacement cycle start to kick in, which is consistent with what we see with the funnels. So quite an exciting time just given the renewed portfolio across all the instruments as a replacement cycle begins, we feel very good about where we are sitting today.
Dan Brennan: Great. And then just China, anything changed with the guide there you were down I think mid-teens kind of in the quarter around what the guide was. And now what are you assuming for the full year? And is the commentary that orders on the kind of stimulus will start in '25? Is that a bit of a push? Like I think I thought I heard you guys say previously maybe orders come back half and then it kind of kicks in '25. Any color on back at our China and then how we think about stimulus impact. .
Udit Batra: Sure. Firstly, I mean, China came in ahead of expectations, right? I mean that's part of the driver for the beat. I mean just to give you a bit of the facts, I mean, Q1, China declined 26%, in Q2, it was around 10% decline. And I mean, in the largest end market pharma, we went again from about a 25%, 26% decline to what a 10% decline in Q2. So steady improvement in China in the second half of the year has a lower base, but we've kept the full year guide at a low double-digit decline for China, just to sort of watch and see more data. So good things happening in China. And again, when you compare LC growth rate, and this is sort of an interesting fact, -- for the first time in a very long time, China's LC decline was less than the rest of the world, right? So China declined in the high single digits, whereas the overall decline for LC was a bit higher than that. Now as you think of the stimulus, nothing has really changed versus previous commentary. We're spending a lot of time with customers, doing 3 things. One, helping them identify the age of instruments. You recall this particular stimulus is targeted towards instrument replacements, the age of their instruments, their visibility for the stimulus and helping them do the paperwork as they start to submit applications for funding. We think this is going to be -- this is going to impact growth only in 2025, maybe a modest impact towards the end of the year, but would not factor that in.
Operator: The next question will come from Tycho Peterson of Jefferies.
Tycho Peterson: Maybe just diving in a little bit into the guidance in the back half of the year. So you're guiding to revenues up sequentially from 2Q that's kind of out of line with normal seasonality. So maybe just touch on visibility? And then -- for the fourth quarter, your -- I think in plant operating margins are mid- to high 30s to hit EPS guide. I know you said operating margins are flat in the back half of the year. But what drives that fourth quarter ramp in particular? That seems that in line with normal seasonality?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So I mean, look, Q-on-Q, Q2 to Q3 is relatively flat. If you look at last 10 years, it has sort of oscillated between plus and minus 3%, right? So it's sort of within the range. And what gives us comfort and confidence on that is what we have in our funnel and the activity that is progressing as well as the fact that we built some backlog in Q2. So that also helps. Going to your other question around second half margins. As I said, second half margins are relatively flat versus last year. There's a small difference between Q3 and Q4, one is the prudence in Q3, the second piece is, as we've sort of taken a more cautionary view on the guide, we've put in place certain cost measures that are already playing out particularly around outside services spend, particularly around how we resource certain growth initiatives and you will start to see some of that impact flow through more in Q4 than in Q3. So there is some plus/minus between Q3, Q4, but overall, second half operating margins are relatively flat versus last year.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then the follow-up, academics is only 10% of the mix, I know, but it was down 16%. Can you maybe just talk on how much of that was U.S. versus Europe? And what are you thinking back half of the year as the comps ease there for academic.
Udit Batra: I think no change in assumption on the academic side. It's such a small portion of our business, Tycho. So really no change from the previous assumptions.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. And I mean you look at it this way, right, like first half of last year, was super well funded between the China stimulus and what was happening in U.S. and Europe. If you look at it on a 2-year stack basis, pretty much every quarter you will see is like 0.1% growth. .
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs.
Matt Skyes: Maybe just first, you guys have leaned into the CDMO channel in China over the past couple of years, and that's been an area of weakness recently due to overcapacity. Could you maybe kind of talk about what you're seeing in the CDMO channel in China? And is it part of sort of some of the inflection that you see maybe towards the back half of this year into next year or is that going to remain fairly subdued for the balance of this year and into '25?
Udit Batra: Matt, thank you for the question. I think we were -- we gave a lot of details around this time and probably even earlier than that last year on CDMOs in China, in particular. Really no change from what we saw last quarter, steady improvement on the recurring side as activity starts to pick up a bit from a very low base, right? You'll recall, it's an extremely low base now. but CapEx is still subdued and we have not assumed any improvement in CapEx in the CDMO segment. Now overall, the generics market in pharma in China is starting to get a bit better. I mean this is why we exceeded our growth -- in our growth expectations in Q1 and now in Q2. So steady improvement in China as you go through the year, especially on the LC side, we're starting to see some replacement cycles get initiated there. So CDMO less, but generics a bit more starting to see life there.
Matt Sykes: Got it. And then Amol, just on margins, you discussed sort of back half and your expectations. I'm just wondering on a longer-term basis. You made some pretty positive commentary about some margin -- longer-term margin drivers going forward. How should we think about operating margin cadence over the longer term for the business? And where are some of the levers to kind of continue to expand those margins as we move through '25 or maybe on a longer-term framework?
Amol Chaubal: Thanks, Matt, for the question. Look, I mean, there are sort of 3 to 4 broad levers here. One is, our business is structured such that if we grow more than 5%, it produces 50 basis points of volume leverage and that volume leverage largely shows up on the SG&A line versus on the gross margin line. Two, we have benefit from mix as we move to more recurring as well as with the discipline that we've put in pricing, we feel comfortable like we've seen even in these challenging market situations that we are able to do a little more than 100 basis points better than what we've historically done on pricing. And so mix and pricing sort of is accretive to our margin profile. And then a couple of years ago, we started various productivity and operational excellence initiatives that have started bearing fruit, right? Things like procurement excellence, operational excellence in manufacturing, setting up GCC in India, and these initiatives have a long runway, I mean, between these initiatives, we expect to cover approximately 300 basis points over a course of about 8 years, right? So they add up to the profile. So overall, our goal is between the 3 vectors to put about 100 basis points of margin expansion on the board and use about 70 to 80 basis points from these gains to fund higher growth adjacencies and then as we get into sixth, seventh, eighth year, when some of these productivity initiatives will start to saturate, we expect these higher growth adjacencies to start to produce one revenue growth and two, margin accretion, and that will then sort of take over the impact of that productivity initiatives have saturated. Now as we've gone through last couple of years where the volume leverage was not there, in fact, was a headwind, our teams were able to accelerate some of the benefits on these productivity initiatives as well as we took proactive cost actions and got benefit from pricing, which have allowed us to not just defend margin, but also expand margin during down volume cycles and that's where the difference lies, right because people look at it and say, last 10 years, Waters margin has been always sticky at 30% and so where was the volume leverage. And the answer to that is there was always a volume leverage, but we gave it up in a down cycle. And this time around, we like -- we're not giving it up in a down cycle so that we come out much more stronger when the up cycle comes across.
Udit Batra: Amol has given a comprehensive answer. Just 2 points to summarize the whole thing. One, the teams have great muscle now to expand margins during a down cycle, number one. And number two, the pricing that we see is very resilient, and I'm excited about -- excited about the prospects as we come out of this down cycle given the product portfolio that we have. I mean, it's been totally renewed. We have leading products across the board that customers have had a chance to test during the down cycle. So very excited about what we're about to see.
Operator: The next question will come from Rachel Vatnsdal of JPMorgan.
Rachel Vatnsdal: I wanted to follow up on begin Brennan's question around China here. It sounds like LC was a little bit better than expected in the quarter, but can you unpack the performance by end market within China there? And then also on the China stimulus dynamic, we've heard from a few of your peers that they've called out an air pocket related to China stimulus as customers are really holding off and submitting orders -- so can you clarify for us, have you seen any pause in orders from customers in the region? And if not, why have you guys kind of been more immune to that scenario?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Rachel. Look, I mean, China, overall, as I said earlier, declined less than what we had thought it for this quarter. So it went from 26% decline in Q1 to about 10% in Q2. Across the different end markets, there was improvement across the board, Pharma went from about 26% decline in Q1 to 10% decline. Same thing with Industrial, which was a 20-ish% decline, again, 11% decline in Q2, and Academic and Government, which had -- which still has very high comps went from over 40% decline to slightly less than 30% decline. I mean, the most interesting thing here is that the replacement cycle is starting to show life in China already. We went from over a 40% decline in Q1 in LC, over 40% to now less than 10%, which was better than the rest of the world, right? So we're starting to see customer activity pick up in China. It's still negative growth versus previous years, but it's starting to get better quarter-on-quarter. And on your question on the stimulus, look, I mean, we are having a ton of conversations with our customers as the activity level remains consistent, right? So the activity level has remained consistent. It's actually improving quarter-on-quarter. From a stimulus perspective, as I said earlier, it's a broader stimulus, it's over a longer period of time, and it specifically targets instrument replacement. So we've been spending a lot of time with our customers, identifying the age of their instruments, defining eligibility versus what the government has targeted, and helping them do the paperwork to submit proposals for funding that becomes available. We don't expect that to impact revenue this year. But surely, it will impact what we see in 2025. So overall, improving conditions across all end markets, especially in Pharma, especially in LC, no real sign of what you're calling an air pocket. Activity is continuing at a baseline level, getting better and customers are getting prepared to get funding from the stimulus.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then I did want to follow up on 2025 quickly. So can you walk us through your exit rates at 4Q? You've kind of talked about some of this replacement cycle starting to heat up in the back half. If we learn some of the weaker comps on the China dynamics that you talked about as well, how are you really thinking about that exit rate underpinning 2025? It looks like the Street is currently just shy of a 6% organic growth rate. So just at an early starting point, how comfortable are you with that?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Look, I mean, if we sort of extrapolate our guide and say, where will Q4 and our '24 exit rates will be a good -- even for ex China for LC and MS will be a good couple of hundred basis points below the historic average. And this is ex-China, right? So that gives us a lot of hope and comfort that we are at the bottom of this whole slowdown in the replacement cycle and the fleet out there has aged meaningfully beyond its life needing replacement, particularly for LC. And then China is a twofold equation of when the fleet is aged far more than that but then the question is, when does these generic companies feel comfortable with their status and when do they start replacing and we're seeing signs of that, right? We've had a few generic companies in China already starting to replace their fleet, and we think others will follow over the course of next few quarters.
Udit Batra: I just want to embellish a little bit on what we're seeing at the end of Q2 that starts to give us confidence, right? June is 1 of the largest months of the year for us. And it has surpassed our expectations, right, both in sales and in orders. So there's a lot of momentum that we've built going into Q3. So that gives us confidence in its a lot in the areas that we've just discussed, right? So it's consistent with an improving trend in the industry. Second, as I said, I spent a fair amount of time with customers, both in Europe and the U.S. in this last quarter, especially in large pharma, customers are now used to the additional steps in the procurement process. In fact, one of the largest pharma companies had introduced several steps in the process, which their internal teams were also learning and we were also learning about, and that sort of -- that gave a little bit of pause to how fast the orders were converting to sales. This time around, when we said in March, order quality is high, like clockwork, we've seen them convert into sales towards the end of June. So now the funnel predictability is way better than we've seen, especially in large pharma and the funnel -- the order quality and the funnel strength is pretty good as we sit looking into the back half of the year.
Operator: The next question will come from Dan Arias of Stifel.
Dan Arias: Can you maybe just refresh us on the picking around the upgrades within this replacement cycle that we're talking about taking place here? And what I mean by this is, obviously, things are still shaky out there on the CapEx side. So when these LCE customers come back into the market, should we assume that there's maybe less HPLC to UPLC transitioning and what you see during historical periods or do you think these upsell dynamics and the conversion to UPLC could be fairly typical.
Udit Batra: I think it's a great question, Dan, right? And I would look at it 2 ways. One, the HPLC-to-HPLC conversion, right? And that's a robust trend and we have a line of sight on what the fleet is. And there, we offer our customers 2 options, go to the ARC HPLC, which is done really, really well, even during the downturn. And then the Alliance iS, which is now also available for biologics with our premier technology, right? And that has been received extremely well. In a way, the slowdown in the market allowed many of our customers to sample the benefits of Alliance iS, which reduces errors in the QC environment by 40%, which is a significant advance probably the most important advance in the last decade in the HPLC segment itself. So we feel very good on the like-for-like replacement already. Second, when you think of HPLC to UPLC transitions, we are seeing that as well and GLP-1s are a case in point where we see that transition happening. And now on that, let me make 2 comments. One, you've seen that our Biologics revenue as a fraction of overall pharma has gone from roughly 20% to over 35% in the last 3 to 4 years, right? So that has been a very deliberate effort, not just on the UPLC side, HPLC to UPLC side but also in introducing what we call the premier technology, which is tailor-made for large molecules. That is now also available on the UPLC segment, which allows customers to transition the larger part of the pipeline, which is Biologics from HPLC to UPLC very comfortably where now the experimental time is reduced dramatically with the premier technology. So we're seeing both and we are well prepared if the customer decides to remain with HPLC. And equally, we are seeing the trend continue as more and more large molecules and novel modalities come through the pipeline from people transitioning to HPLC to UPLC but there, again, on the receiving end, our UPLCs now have the premier technology, which basically reduce experimental time dramatically. I hope that gives you color into the transition.
Amol Chaubal: And just to add to that, right, I mean, if you look at our historical instrument growth pattern, the 5% instrument growth has roughly about 50 to 70 basis points of price and 3% of volume, the remaining 1.5 or so really comes from upsell, right? And when we quote our price numbers, their like-for-like SKU and like-for-like geography. So that doesn't include when a customer chooses say, ARC HPLC or Alliance or Alliance iS or ARC UPLC. And in order to achieve that 1.5%, we only need about 7% of these customers to choose an upgrade given the current innovation and the pricing that is out there. And 7%, we feel super comfortable with huge unmet needs that some of our newer launches are directly addressing, which customers are appreciating. .
Operator: The next question is from Puneet Souda of Leerink Partners.
Puneet Souda: Udit, for you, if I could ask, the June order growth improvement, the significant momentum you talked about in June, has that continued into July as well? And could you elaborate if this momentum is in mostly in pharma, North America and Europe, it seems like there's some -- still some caution on China that's improving. But just wanted to get some more details there. .
Udit Batra: Great question. And as you know, and I think we've been through this before, we won't comment on July trends but you can assume that June was very robust. Customer activity has been very, very good and that gives us confidence on what we're seeing in -- what we've guided for in Q3. So June has a lot to do with the confidence that we built in the replacement cycle, the confidence that we've built in Q3, the confidence we've also built in the ramp towards -- ramp in Q4.
Puneet Souda: Got it. And then an Asia question for you. Just thinking about China, first of all, and then I want to cover just Japan and India. China, just wanted to understand in terms of retaliatory risks for tariffs. If you could elaborate where is your manufacturing position? How much of the business is China for China in case if there are tariffs and sort of retaliatory tariffs in 2025? And then on Japan, I believe you grew -- sorry, in Japan, you were down 11%. In India, you grew about 11% in the quarter. Could you talk a little bit about what happened in those geographies?
Udit Batra: Sure. So 3 questions, right? First, on China. I think we used -- in an interesting way we used the downturn to improve our manufacturing footprint in China, and that is going to help us as the stimulus comes through. We also increased our commercial presence across China. So we feel very good about what the future holds for China, both in terms of local manufacturing, where bulk of our instrument portfolio now is either finished or manufactured in China, and on the commercial side, equally good. Now on your question on India, India has been a star performer for us for many, many quarters. This quarter was no different. We grew in excess of 20% largely on the back of pharma. And there in pharma, LC grew close to 50%, right? And you heard that right, close to 50%. And so that India goes from strength to strength and the Indian government is giving stimulus to like many other countries to their academic and government segments. And there, too, we're benefiting a lot. That segment grew quite rapidly where the funding is captured. And then on Japan, it was a 1% constant currency growth.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean, look, Japan unit likely are looking at the reported number, right? And you know where Japanese yen has been over the last year, that's like close to 11% headwind so at constant currency we're more or less flat, and that's also sort of the reason why the currency impact for us is somewhat higher and we had to increase it to 1.5% driven by Japan because we have a reasonable Japan footprint. And our team is doing relatively well coming out of the March year-end. So what you see progressing in Q2 and onwards we see healthy demand, and we see good funnel activity in Japan. .
Udit Batra: Yes. And then just coming back to India. Very excited about the prospects there. As with China, during a downturn, we've sort of figured out where to increase our commercial presence in India, we go from strength to strength. The commercial presence has been increased across the board. We've decreased our collaborations on the ground. And India has gone in the last 2 to 3 years from less than 6% of our sales to close to 8% of our sales. right? So it's becoming a more significant part of our business, and it's growing really, really well.
Operator: The next question will come from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: So I wanted to ask about kind of the dynamic of instruments starting to recover, but more looking at it from a margin perspective, Amol, I was curious, like just how a changing mix dynamic in the second half of the year and into 2025, what that actually -- what that means for gross margin progression?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Great question, Jack, as always. Look, I mean, there is going to be some negative mix impact from more instruments when instruments start to come back. But as you look at our guide, that's sort of factored in the gross margin, 20 basis points of expansion that we've outlined for the year. And as we go into next year, if the mix sort of returns back to, call it, say, 2019 levels there will be 10-ish basis points adverse impact, but that's largely covered with the productivity initiatives we have in place so the marginal have got to 20 to 30 basis points still remains intact.
Jack Meehan: Got it. Okay. And then 2 just housekeeping ones. The first is any updated thoughts on buyback returning to that. And second, can you just remind us any selling day changes throughout the year in the third and the fourth quarter?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So on the first one, right, I mean we continue to pay down debt from the Wyatt acquisition. We are at 1.7 now. So we are at a point where we are actively considering the switch between paying down debt versus buying back shares. I mean, the intention is to gain strategic flexibility as much as possible. So we continue to review options. And on the number of days, I mean, the key thing to note is on Q4 this year, we have 3 more days than Q3 of this year and that partly helps about 1.5% in the ramp from Q3 to Q4. And then other than that, I mean, there are 2 more days in Q4 of this year versus Q4 of last year. Q3 is roughly the same.
Operator: The next question will come from Catherine Schulte of Baird.
Catherine Schulte: First, just maybe on Wyatt, it's great to see that coming in ahead of expectations. Are you seeing any different trends in terms of market improvement in that business, just given the exposure to large molecule in cell and gene therapy?
Udit Batra: Yes. Catherine, thank you for the question. Look, we're very happy with the way the integration has progressed. The synergies are being delivered well ahead of target. That's why you saw growth higher than what we had guided for wyatt itself. And it's, as you know, focused on large molecule applications, which are growing faster than the small molecule applications, be it RNA therapy, be it mAbs, be it viral vectors. We're working closely with customers on increasing applications. What's most exciting is that now the teams are working to take multi-angle light scattering that is the wire technology into QA/QC with basically our Empower software, right and this is really exciting. Now you can imagine that large molecules don't have many different analytical techniques that are in QA/QC. It already has liquid chomatography, to some extent capillary electrophoresis, and now multi-angle light -- all of these now if they are on -- and now the QDA gives us mass analysis. If all of these now, if they talk to Empower allow our customers to submit data to regulators, some very exciting, really good progress on that front, even in a down market, we're seeing good demand for multi-angle light scattering.
Catherine Schulte: Great. And then maybe just going back to the guidance update. Can you just elaborate on if there are any specific areas of that conservatism that you added to your assumptions? Was it around China, pharma or is it really broader than that? Any further color would be appreciated.
Amol Chaubal: No. Look, I mean, most of our guidance caution that we've put in place is around our ex-China business. we just caution for a slower-than-anticipated pace of recovery. China, if anything, if you look at last 2 quarters, we've exceeded our expectations. We haven't just been bold enough to sort of then improve the guidance for the rest of the year, but we remain cautiously optimistic that our team will continue to positively surprise us like they have done in the first 2 quarters.
Udit Batra: It's a great setup for exceeding expectations as we go through the year and it's just the guidance philosophy we talked about at the beginning of the call that Vijay started with, and it's a great place to sort of end the call. I mean it's basically what we've done all along. We look at a lot of data from customers, from funnels. Second, we spend a lot of time looking at history of LC replacement, in particular, which bodes well. And third, talk to a lot of customers on how they're receiving our new products, how their spending and growing and all three point towards a more positive second half of the year than we've seen. So that's all been factored in Catherine. Thank you for that question. Caspar?
Caspar Tudor: Thank you for joining us today and for your support and interest in Waters. A replay of this call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. This concludes our call, and we look forward to seeing you. Thanks. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you all for your participation on today's conference call. At this time, all parties may disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Ivy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Earnings Call. Today, I'm joined by Dr. Udit Batra, Waters' President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amol Chaubal, Waters' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. I would like to first point out that our earnings release and the slide presentation supplementing today's call are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. 
 In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the second quarter of 2024 and full year 2024. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. For more details, please see the risk factors included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs and the cautionary language included in this morning's earnings release. During today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including in our discussions of the results of operations. 
 Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation, which are available on the company's website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 in organic constant currency terms. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable organic constant currency basis. 
 Finally, we do not intend to update our guidance, predictions or projections, except as part of a regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release or as otherwise required by law. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Udit to deliver our key remarks, then Amol will provide a more detailed look at our financial results. After, we will open the phone lines to take questions. Udit? 
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning, everyone. We had a strong start to the year with sales coming in at the high end of our expectations backed again by excellent operational performance. I want to begin today's call by thanking my colleagues for their continued focus on innovation and supporting our customers. These results reflect our drive to accelerate the benefits of pioneering science with our innovative portfolio. 
 In the first quarter, market conditions were as expected, with cautious customer spending and later than typical budget releases. But as budgets opened up, we executed well with sales landing at the high end of our guide. We also continued to deliver outstanding operational results. Earnings were above our guidance and margins expanded even with volume and FX headwinds. This is a testament to our team, our resilient business model and our operational initiatives. Waters is well positioned for future growth in our attractive secular end markets. In the first quarter, we added to our revitalized portfolio with new products that serve high-growth areas.  
 Turning now to our results. In the first quarter, sales landed at the high end of our guidance, declining 7% as reported and 9% in organic constant currency. Our non-GAAP earnings per share exceeded our guidance at $2.21. On a GAAP basis, EPS was $1.72. Outside of China, sales declined mid-single digits as expected. In China, sales declined just under 30%, which was better than expected. Growth remained weak as our prior year baseline does not reflect last year's deterioration in market conditions, which became more pronounced in the second half.  
 While instruments declined 25% overall, LC sales were slightly better than expected, instrument weakness was led by mass spec, particularly for A&G-related applications, which had a tough prior year comparison from global funding and the China stimulus. Wyatt delivered a 3% M&A contribution to sales. We continue to see strong synergy performance and traction for our recently launched products such as ZetaStar. 
 Now I will talk more about our operational performance. We believe the best reflection of good operational execution is effective margin management, particularly when things slow down. While facing significant headwinds from volume, FX and inflation, we delivered yet another strong margin result. Our gross margin expanded 40 basis points to 58.9%, and our operating margin expanded 20 basis points for the quarter to 27%. This was achieved through a combination of our operational management initiatives across pricing, productivity and proactive cost alignment. These initiatives position us well for resilience during lower volume periods and give longer-term opportunity when market conditions normalize. You can see further evidence of our operational performance and our free cash flow. We had an exceptional start to the year, generating free cash flow of USD 234 million in the first quarter, which was 37% of sales.  
 With our excellent free cash flow profile, we made rapid progress in delevering from the Wyatt acquisition, as we approach its 1-year anniversary. We serve attractive secular end markets where testing volume plays a pivotal role in our business. This volume, which is correlated with global prescription consumption is expected to accelerate in the future, supporting our strong long-term growth outlook. Our distinct advantage in downstream applications lines with our full ecosystem of products that complement our innovative instrument portfolio.  
 In addition, we have strategically aligned with high-growth opportunities that further enhance our core position. We had a busy quarter launching several new products that support a number of exciting, high-growth areas. At Analytica, last month, we launched the Alliance iS Bio, a version of our groundbreaking next-generation liquid chromatography platform suited for biologics applications. In the -- the new HPLC system combines advanced bioseparation technology, bioinert surfaces and built-in intelligence features. This helps Biopharma QC analysts boost efficiency and eliminate up to 40% of common lab errors. We believe that the Alliance iS is the most significant innovation to hit pharma QA/QC labs in over a decade.  
 We're excited to bring this technology to routine testing applications for biologics. Supporting BioSeparations, we launched a new set of size exclusion chromatography columns called GTxResolve Premier. These columns enable scientists to quickly assess aggregate content, integrity and purity of larger biologic particles. It covers modalities such as lipid nanoparticles, nucleic acids, and viral vectors and give scientists a significant improvement in sensitivity and sample consumption while accelerating run times. This launch supports the development of these modalities into downstream high-volume settings, where Waters has critical instrument technology like LC, mass spec and light scattering as well as highly innovative industry-leading software chemistry and service.  
 To simplify the detection of PFAS, we launched waters, Oasis, dual-phase analysis cartridges. This consumable streamline sample prep for PFAS workflows when detecting concentrations in water, soils, biosolids and tissues. It joins our comprehensive portfolio of solutions that support the surging demand for PFAS testing, which is a USD 300 million to USD 350 million global market, growing 20% annually. In an environment of increased scrutiny, the ability to accurately test for PFAS at very low levels is becoming a critical compliance need for a broad spectrum of industries.  
 Our Xevo TQ absolute mass spec has leading sensitivity for detecting these anionic compounds. It can detect PFAS levels at as low as 1 part per quadrillion. Last month, in the United States, the EPA finalized and enforceable 4 parts per trillion limit of PFOA and PFOS in drinking water, which marks a significant regulatory milestone. Later this year, further regulations governing PFAS are expected across the globe. This includes the European Union, where REACH proposed chemicals, regulation contemplates a PFAS ban on products manufactured as well as once imported.  
 In our TA business, we launched the Rheo-IS, which serves battery testing applications when used with our hybrid rheometers. This Rheo-Impedance Spectroscopy accessory supports characterization of electrode studies, which can lead to more efficient battery production. 
 I will now cover our 2024 full year guidance. With our first quarter results, we remain on track to achieve our full year revenue outlook, which is unchanged from our previous guidance at negative 0.5% to positive 1.5% growth in organic constant currency.  
 We expect growth rates to improve over the remainder of the year and as our prior year comparisons, especially in China get easier. We expect improving funnel activity to translate to orders as the year progresses. With our strong operational performance, we expect to build leverage in our P&L despite the flattish revenue guide and delivered 20 to 30 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion while still reinvesting for growth. As a result, our adjusted EPS guidance is also unchanged at 0% to 3% growth in the range of $11.75 to $12.05. 
 Now I will pass the call over to Amol to continue covering our financial results in more detail and provide the rest of our guidance. Amol? 
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, sales landed at the high end of our guidance range, declining 7% as reported and 9% in organic constant currency. As Udit mentioned, end market dynamics were consistent with our expectations. Ex-China declined mid-single digits as expected, while China declined close to 30%, which was slightly better than expected. In organic constant currency by end market, Pharma declined 6%, industrial declined 7% and academic and government declined 30%.  
 In Pharma, sales outside of China declined low single digits as we executed well in this CapEx constrained environment. In China, sales declined almost 30% due to ongoing market challenges that are not reflected in our prior year baselines. In industrial, food and environmental applications grew mid-single digits with continued strong growth in PFAS related workflows globally. We also saw strong growth in battery testing within our TA business, which has been a consistent growth theme.  
 However, this strength was more than offset by weakness in core industrial applications, which are more cyclical. Our TA business declined high single digits overall, while chemical analysis declined high teens. In academic and government, growth was weak against a 45% comparison as stimulus in China and elevated global funding in the prior year quarter drove lumpy spending patterns. By geography, sales in Asia declined 16%. The Americas declined 8% and Europe declined 3%. By products and services, instruments declined 25% with LC growth slightly better than expected.  
 Within recurring revenues, chemistry grew low single digits and service grew mid-single digits, both of which were affected by low activity levels in China. The quarter had 1 fewer day versus first quarter of 2023, which translates to a growth headwind of approximately 1% for recurring revenues. 
 Now I will comment on our first quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Despite headwinds from lower sales volumes, FX and inflation, our team continued to respond to these challenges with resilience and commitment. Our focus on operational excellence with pricing, productivity and proactive cost alignment allowed us to deliver first quarter gross margin of 58.9%, an expansion of 40 basis points and first quarter adjusted operating margin of 27% and expansion of 20 basis points. Our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 14.3% and our average share count was 59.4 million shares. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were $2.21. On a GAAP basis, earnings per fully diluted share were $1.72. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to this morning's press release and in the appendix of our earnings call presentation. 
 Turning now to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excludes special items. In the first quarter of 2024, free cash flow was $234 million after funding $29 million of capital expenditures, which is approximately 37% of sales. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and well-structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us to prioritize investing in growth, including M&A and returning capital to shareholders. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will meaningfully accelerate value creation. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position further declined to $1.7 billion, which is a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1.8x.  
 This reflects a decrease of approximately $300 million, as we delivered the Wyatt acquisition. As previously disclosed, our share buyback program has been temporarily suspended to enable us to pay down debt incurred as part of the Wyatt acquisition last year. We will evaluate the resumption of our share repurchase program throughout 2024 as part of our balanced capital deployment objectives. 
 Now I would like to share further commentary on our full year outlook and provide you with our second quarter guidance. We expect to see an improvement in sales growth over the course of 2024 as prior year comparisons, particularly in China, become easier, and has improved funnel activity translates to orders. Our full year guidance is unchanged with 2024 organic constant currency sales growth expected between negative 0.5% and positive 1.5%. At current exchange rates, currency translation is expected to result in a negative impact of just under 1% on a full year sales basis. We expect Wyatt transaction to add just over 1% M&A contribution to our full year 2024 revenue for inorganic sales incurred in the first 4.5 months of the year. Therefore, our total reported sales growth guidance is unchanged at approximately 0% to 2%.  
 Despite guiding to flattish sales, we expect to deliver a gross margin of 59.8% for the full year, which is a 20 basis points of expansion versus 2023. We also expect to deliver 20 to 30 basis points of operating margin expansion versus 2023, resulting in an adjusted operating margin of slightly over 31%. We expect our full year net interest expense to be approximately $80 million. Our full year tax rate is expected to be 16.3%, and our average diluted 2024 share count is expected to be approximately 59.7 million.  
 Rolling all this together, on a non-GAAP basis, our full year 2024 earnings per fully diluted share guidance is also unchanged and projected in the range of $11.75 to $12.05. This is approximately 0% to 3% growth and includes an estimated headwind of approximately 2% due to unfavorable foreign exchange. Looking to the second quarter 2024, we anticipate that cautious customer spending will persist. In addition, while the China Q2 baseline reflects the onset of weakness, it does not fully reflect the weakness we observed in the second half of the year.  
 As a result, we expect China to decline mid-teens in Q2 versus 28% decline we saw in Q1. Given these dynamics, we expect to see an improvement in year-over-year growth versus the first quarter and our second quarter organic constant currency sales growth guidance is projected in the range of negative 6% to negative 4%. At current rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 2%. Wyatt is expected to add approximately 1.5% M&A contribution for sales incurred in the first 1.5 month of the quarter. Therefore, our total second quarter reported sales growth guidance is negative 6.5% to negative 4.5%. Based on these revenue expectations, second quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $2.50 to $2.60, which includes a negative currency impact of approximately 4 percentage points at current FX rates. 
 Now I would like to turn the call back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit? 
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. I would like now to give you a brief update on our progress towards leaving the world better than we found it, which is how we think about ESG. We work alongside wonderful people here at Waters, and I'm always proud when others recognize their talent and hard work. Our colleagues were recognized in the quarter for their achievements and contributions to separation science, excellence in manufacturing and for being champions of LGBTQ and women's benefits in the workplace.  
 I would also like to congratulate Dr. Philip Wyatt, the founder of Wyatt Technology for receiving the esteemed Pittcon Heritage Award earlier this year. Dr. Wyatt's groundbreaking contributions to laser light scattering technology have paved the way for industry-leading advancements. From a corporate standpoint, Waters has once again been honored by Barron's, earning a place on its list of the 100 most sustainable companies in 2024. Additionally, we are delighted to announce that S&P Global has included Waters in its 2024 sustainability yearbook.  
 Separately, our commitment to robust governance practices was recently highlighted by the New England Chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors. We were honored to have Massachusetts Governor, Maura Healey present Waters with the 2024 public company Board of the Year Award. After recently committing to SBTI, which is the science-based targets initiative, we are now building on the excellent progress we made in reducing our greenhouse gas emissions. We're in the process of setting new standards towards a long-term reduction in emissions and aligning our business with the 1.5 degree centigrade future.  
 Now to summarize, we're pleased with how the first quarter landed versus our expectations, which supports our full year guidance. We remain on track to achieving the 2024 objectives and look forward to building on this strength as the year progresses. Our long-term growth profile remains excellent, and we are aligned to secular tailwinds that are stronger than ever in our attractive markets. With our robust financial profile and balanced capital allocation strategy, we have an excellent platform to deliver sustained value for our shareholders. 
 So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Caspar. 
Caspar Tudor: Thanks, Udit. That concludes our formal comments. We are now ready to open the phone lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Brennan from TD Cowen. 
Daniel Brennan: Maybe the first 1 just on China. You guys were coming into the quarter expecting down 40 and I know it was certainly better than that, and you're talking about Q2 color. I'm just wondering, I know you guys gave some color on what was going on in the quarter. But could you just unpack it a little bit more like what deviated from the guide? How it's pacing in the quarter? And then is there any change to your full year down mid-teens, high-teens growth for China? 
Udit Batra: Look, China came in better than we expected. But I'll remind you, it's still declining in the high 20s. Now we expect that to continue for at least the first half of the year. Q2 will also see a decline and the second half of the year, we'll start to see a little bit of growth given the weakening comps as the year progresses. Now coming back to Q1, to your question on what changed? I mean you just have to go back to late 2023 when we basically said, look, we think across all end markets, especially pharma, we've seen a bottoming out of the volume.  
 And from that baseline, we started to see better activity especially on the replacement of LCs in our Branded Generics segment and something that we had talked about in the last quarter as well. Now it's early days, right? We're starting to see a turn as customers start to replace this sort of highly aging LC fleet. So remember, we again talked about it at the end of last year. When you look at the 5-year stack growth of LC instruments for China, in particular, it's down now almost double digits, about 8% to 9% versus a year versus 5 years.  
 So with that as a baseline, we expect to see the replacement cycle initiate and we've started to see that already in Q1. Now to put things in perspective, there's also a fair amount of talk on the new stimulus and the stimulus itself is very different than the previous one. It appears it's going to roll over a 3-year period. It's 3x in size, and it explicitly calls out instrument replacement, so which encourages us, but we have not incorporated that into the guide for the full year, which now we're basically saying is likely to be low double-digit decline as opposed to the high teens decline that we had talked about when we gave the full year guidance.  
 So China will likely be a little bit better than we had anticipated. And just coming back to the stimulus and looking ahead, I would not -- while we have not incorporated that into our guidance explicitly, I would not underestimate the importance of that on the psychology of CapEx spending, especially the replacement cycle. And as that sort of starts rolling out towards the latter half of the year and towards late 2024 and early 2025, we should see the sentiment improve and likely start of the replacement cycle in earnest. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Udit, maybe on that comment around China. I think you mentioned improved funnel activity in the quarter as the quarter progressed. Is that funnel activity -- is that being sort of driven by this China? Or is that a global biopharma? Any color on what you mean by the funnel activity, and I think for the back half guidance, which assumes I think, close to high singles growth. What visibility do we have in growth normalizing in the back half? 
Udit Batra: Vijay, thank you for the 2 questions. So let me just sort of take a step back and provide some context, right? I mean, as you know, Q1 is the toughest quarter for Waters to predict, right? It's our smallest quarter of the year, and this is when customers start to think through the total CapEx spend for the year and also think through the phasing of that CapEx right? So we took advantage of that. And I personally met several customers across Europe and in the United States, across pharma, across A&G, across our industrial segments, across our clinical segments with our teams.  
 And really, there are 3 main takeaways. First, the quality of the funnel, the quality of the orders is way higher than what we saw a year ago across all of the segments, especially in pharma -- both in pharma and in biotech across Europe and the U.S. Second, when you look at the traction of our new products, our new products are gaining a ton of traction and are being used heavily by our customers. And they're waiting to sort of adopt Alliance iS in earnest, you can go across the portfolio. It's being received extremely well. And third, the question on phasing, while the orders are firm and strong, the CapEx spending is firm, given that it is decided in the late -- in the latter part of Q1, we think it's safe to assume that you'll only start to see the benefit late in Q2 and more so in the second half of the year.  
 So the funnel is weighted towards later in Q2 and the second half of the year. So that's what sort of has gone into our overall thinking. Now there are 2 big takeaways. One, we have increased confidence in our full year guide as a consequence of these discussions. And second, on the phasing, we simply went back and said, okay, let's just look at the last 15 years. Over the last 15 years, the Q2 usually is a step-up from Q1 of about 11% to 12%, right? And so we assumed a 10% step-up from Q1 to Q2.  
 And then first half versus second half, I mean, historically, it's basically, again, over the last 15 years, almost like clockwork. First half is 45% and the second half is 55% of revenues. So that's basically what the algorithm we used to look at the phasing of the guide from a revenue perspective. But overall, really increased confidence in the full year guide given the strengthening of the funnel and conversations across the globe and across customer segments and second, the phasing is basically rooted in history. 
Vijay Kumar: Fantastic. I'll let others jump in. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Michael Ryskin from Bank of America. 
Michael Ryskin: Just following up on some of the end market commentary you talked about China a little about how you expect a low double-digit decline, so a little bit better than prior. You're maintaining the fiscal year. So what's sort of offsetting that? And maybe specifically honing on Americas, it looked like that came a little bit worse in the quarter. Anything changed in your outlook there for the year? And then I've got a quick follow-up. 
Amol Chaubal: Yes. No. I mean, Mike, at this point, we are just derisking the remainder of the guide, right? We had better expectations of China, based on how we are executing in that market, and we're keeping our full year guide flat. 
Udit Batra: Yes. And then I think you asked about the U.S., in particular, what are we seeing in the U.S. Look, I mean, as I said, I spent a fair amount of time with customers across the globe. And one of those was a large customer in the Midwest, where I spent a whole day with about 12 to 13 folks from the customer across many different departments, across development, manufacturing, QA/QC. And we talked deeply about what they envision for CapEx, which I sort of earlier commented on, and the CapEx is very robust.  
 Second, we talked about the use of our new products, think about in-line testing with LCs, think about our columns, think about the upgrades for empower. The software, really, really well received. And we talked about the phasing of the spend, which also, again, is still sort of late Q2 and back half weighted. But to put it all in perspective, if you look at the U.S. itself, the 5 years stack, Michael, is still pretty healthy. It's in the mid- to high single digits, right?  
 So there is really no drama outside of China. I mean we've had 2 exceptional years in ex-China sales. And now you have a little bit of a lull, but the activity looks extremely good, gives us confidence of what we are planning for the full year. So as I said, no drama, no new news, but just other than the fact that new products are gaining traction and customers have much more robust orders than they did a year ago. 
Michael Ryskin: Okay. If I could squeeze in a quick follow-up. On Wyatt, you had some commentary on how the quarter progressed? And if you could elaborate on that a little bit. And it looks like you tweaked down the M&A contribution for the year. I think it was $1.3 million prior. Now it's $1.1 billion. Is that instrument mix in Wyatt? Is that phased and phasing through the year? Just sort of how is that acquisition trending? 
Amol Chaubal: Yes, look, I mean, on Wyatt, we're making fantastic progress, right? All the synergies that we laid out at the beginning of the acquisition, like cross-selling, like attaching our LC seamlessly to the instrument, like attaching our columns with their shipments have all progressed ahead of schedule, including sort of a beta version of bringing light scattering on Empower.  
 Now keep in mind, right, Q1 is a really small quarter and for instruments, especially and when things sort of slip a couple of weeks here and there, it causes that distortion. And that's why we sort of tweaked down Wyatt to 1.1% versus 1.3% M&A contribution. But way that acquisition is going, we are super happy where we are in that journey and really look forward to bringing light scattering into QA/QC. 
Udit Batra: And Michael, to build on it, again, from to customer conversations, I had an opportunity spent some time last week with one of our largest academic customers who has a hospital attached to it. And basically, we talked at length about characterization of lipid nanoparticles, which as you will know, are used for delivery of mRNA, both vaccines and therapeutics as we go forward, an area of intense interest across academia and industry. And these folks specialize in characterizing lipid nanoparticles, which can often be aggregated of different -- and have different sizes and shapes. Lights -- they basically use SEC columns from Waters and light scattering equipment to characterize these aggregates. In addition, what I learned is that they're piloting the use of field flow fractionation, which is another instrument that Wyatt makes as a precursor to using SEC malls, right?  
 And field to fractionation, if -- and the early experiments indicate a really positive outcome. If those experiments work well, could become a mainstay for any experiment that is done to separate these aggregates. And the same idea then applies to AAVs, which is -- which are viral vectors used for cell and gene therapy or other particles, that are used in biologics. So very excited about what we're seeing in Waters, really a great cultural fit, well ahead of all synergy targets and customer conversations even give me more confidence. So in the mid- to long-term, we expect it to continue to be accretive to growth and to margins. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Sykes from Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Sykes: Maybe just revisiting the guide, just given the lower-than-expected guide in Q2, and you mentioned that you expect sort of funnel activity translate into some level of orders towards the end of Q2 into Q3. Have you changed sort of your view on the phasing for second half in terms of the growth you're going to achieve in Q3 versus Q4. Are you pushing more of that potential growth into Q4. Has that phasing at all changed for your full year guide? 
Amol Chaubal: So Matt, thanks for your question. And look, I mean, we executed well to finish at the higher end of our Q1 guide, right? And that sort of keeps us on track for our full year sales guide. And as Udit discussed, our Q2 guide is essentially 10% higher than Q1, which has been sort of our historical trend pre-pandemic. And our second half guide is also very much consistent with how we've historically performed, which is a 45-55 split. So we generally expect the breakdown between Q3 and Q4 to also follow that historical trend for 2024. 
Udit Batra: I think, Matt, thanks for the question. And again, I'll remind you, we had the same discussion when we looked at Q3 versus Q4 of 2023, and there was a lot of discussion on the ramp. And I think we, again, landed at the higher end of what we were predicting. So a difficult business overall to predict if you have high average selling price instruments. But I think we have so much statistics from the history of Waters, gives us a lot of confidence and couple that with discussions that we've had with customers that we think the full year guide is fully intact. And quarter-on-quarter, there's a lot more time to talk about it as we see how Q2 evolves on the ramp between Q3 and Q4. But history should be a decent guide if you're really looking at that sort of modeling between quarters. 
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean on a growth basis, it looks a little weird, but that's because of last year, right? The weakness progressively stepped in China and pretty much Q3 and Q4, there was no incremental meaningful bad news out of China, but a lot of that was not reflected in Q1 and Q2. And that's why it sort of it plays out in the growth purely from the baseline effect mostly from China. 
Udit Batra: I think what Amol saying is it's arithmetic and customer conversations give us confidence that we have a pretty good set of visibility. 
Matthew Sykes: Great. And then just one quick follow-up. Just on the academic end market in the quarter. I know you were facing a really challenging comp. I think you grew academic like 45% constant currency. In Q1 of last year. So was there any incremental weakness in that academic end market? Or was it just purely facing difficult comps? 
Udit Batra: Yes, I think you nailed it, it's really difficult comps. I mean it is our smallest segment, in particular, anyway. So you see an exaggerated drop if you just look at year-on-year. And again, if you look at sort of the long-term trend and which is sort of the best way to look at Waters in any case, even in A&G what you find is the 5-year comp is at the low single digit, 5-year CAGR is at the low single-digit range. And ex-China, as I keep saying, there's really no drama ex-China, you're at almost 2% to 3% growth versus what we saw 5 years ago on a CAGR basis. 
 And China is down about sort of mid -- low to mid-single digits in the academic segment. Again, given the comps from last year, but also a little bit more exaggerated weakness. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to Rachel Vatnsdal from JPMorgan. 
Rachel Vatnsdal Olson: So I wanted to dig into the pharma performance in China a little bit. I believe you said that was down 30% this quarter versus rest of world down low single digits. So can you impact that China performance within Pharma for us a little bit Obviously, we've seen the headlines related to BIOSECURE Act. Last year at 1Q, you guys called out your overexposure to CDMOs in the region. 
 So can you quantify for us how much of this was driven by those Tier 1 CDMOs in the region this quarter? And then you previously have kind of broken out those trends between Tier 1 versus Tier 2 and 3 CDMOs. So could you do that for this quarter as well? 
Amol Chaubal: So look, I mean, great question. As you sort of travel through last year, Q2, Q3, Q4, we saw weakness creep in on different elements of the pharma business in China. But as I said earlier in Q3 and Q4, there was no incremental bad news out of China, and that trend sort of has continued into Q1. And so in a way, what played out, what you see in terms of the decline, is largely baseline related where China, from a pharma point of view has bottomed out and there is no incremental headwind coming into the business. 
 But we are also not seeing sort of growth in activity, both in CDMOs or in branded generics or in biotechs in China. So if anything, let's call it stable. Now on your second point, which is around the BIOSECURE Act, I mean, look, with the weakness that we observed in 2023, the baseline is largely corrected in China for submarkets like CDMOs, right, including Wuxi. 
 We are -- what we are seeing in the market is customers are taking proactive measures to secure their supply chain. And when they are doing that, our service organization, which is really well respected in the industry and plays a pivotal role in these tech transfers are deeply embedded when these moves happen, right? I mean, our role is to support customers in their pursuits and our customers really value our support when they go through situations like this and move products from one site to another. 
Udit Batra: And Rachel, just to embellish on this, and that's a very good sort of insightful question, just to embellish on what Amol said, on the minus 30% for Q1, it came minus 28%, Q1, it came above our expectations, largely because we started to see customers who have aging LC fleets in branded generics start to move, right? So we started to see that signal, which is a positive sign. And as I commented earlier, as the stimulus starts to roll in towards the latter part of the year, that should have a positive impact on the psychology for spending CapEx. 
 And I'll remind you that we're sort of almost 50% delinquent on these replacements in the Branded Generics segment, which is the largest segment for LCs in China. So we expect that to turn at some point and the psychology will have a lot to do with it. And on BIOSECURE, I mean it's a net neutral for us at the end, right? I mean we've already bottomed out on CDMOs at -- in China, and I think as customers look for help in transferring from one vendor to another, we stand ready to help them. 
Rachel Vatnsdal Olson: Great. And then my follow-up. I want to push on that China stimulus dynamic a little bit more in terms of some of your peers that are working on proposals for customers at this point, so can you talk about the conversations you're having on your end with customers and if you're working on proposals as well. And specifically, what types of instruments and then which industries do you really expect to benefit from within China stimulus? 
 We've heard some rumors around this being a little bit more industrial-focused or you seeing down in your proposal funnel as well? And then when do you think that this could eventually translate into orders and revenue? You mentioned back half of the year, some of the psychological impact. So any color on timing expectations that would be helpful as well. 
Udit Batra: Everything and anything about the stimulus, Rachel. Look, the timing, I don't have much more to add than what I said earlier. I think latter half of the year. We are indeed working with several customers on their plans for the stimulus as they hear more across the country. And it is a broad stimulus. I mean this time around, it's a 3-year stimulus, it's 3x in size. It's quite broad across virtually every customer segment, not just limited to A&G. And frankly speaking, I don't know what people -- if they got extra money in academic -- academia, what they would do with it because they've sort of been chockful. 
 And I remember I commented sort of in Q3 last year about how many instruments they bought high res instruments and how many are still in boxes. So I don't expect much of it to go to high-tier A&G customers, but definitely beyond that, there is a lot of conversation across many different customer segments as they plan and they learn more about the details of the stimulus. But I would not -- and so we have not incorporated that into the guide, and I would not expect that impact sooner than sort of later this year and in earnest first part of next year. 
 So good conversations with customers, planning going on, like you've heard it from others but a broader one, not just limited to academia across industrial, across pharma and the psychological impact I would not underestimate, as I said before, because I think we're operating at a significant deficit on LC instruments and Branded Generics. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Daniel Leonard from UBS. 
Daniel Leonard: One question on your gross margin expansion in the quarter. How much did better-than-expected product mix contribute to that? You mentioned that liquid chromatography did a bit better than planned and mass spec was a bit worse. So I'm curious how much of the contribution that was. 
Amol Chaubal: Dan, yes, I mean, look, the product mix is helping at this point, especially given lower instrument mix, that's contributing about 30 basis points. But keep in mind, there was also a good 70 to 80 basis points of FX headwind that we offsetted, right? So the remaining delta is favorably coming from price and some of the productivity initiatives in manufacturing. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Patrick Donnelly from Citi. 
Patrick Donnelly: I guess in terms of some of these conversations you're having, I'm wondering what stage do you think we're in? It sounds like again, the conversations with the funnel to your point, maybe improving a little bit, specifically with China, it sounds like maybe you're expecting the actual revs to show up late this year at the earliest. So how do you think about just the progression of these conversations into orders, into revs. And again, is there a potential for a bit of an air pocket as these conversations pick up and the dollars materialize a little later in the year? How do you think about just the progression there? 
Udit Batra: It's a great question. Look, Patrick, let's just take a full step back on Waters, right? As you know and many on the call know, we've grown instruments roughly 5%. And I know your question is targeted towards instruments. Instruments have grown on average 5% over the last 15 years, right? And those statistics are sort of easily available given that we've not done a lot of M&A. You can look at our longitudinal history on instruments, right? So about 5% on average, but no year is actually 5% on the dot, right? There are 5 that are well below 5 that are well above and 5 close to the average, right? 
 So you start with that. And since I've been at the company in the last 3.5 years, we've seen a microcosm of that already, right? So 2 years of 20-plus percent growth and now a bit of decline in instrument growth rate. We didn't get too excited when things were at 20-plus percent growth for several quarters in a row. And we said this is not going to last just given the long-term averages. And we're not so phased when we look at what we are seeing now. And now let me sort of address your question just with that as context, it's very difficult to predict a quarter-on-quarter rollout of instruments for Waters. 
 But I think it's more instructive to look at the 5-year average, especially when you think about LC. And a 5-year CAGR for LC is operating now at the low single-digit level. In China, it's almost double-digit decline. So we are due for a replacement cycle to begin very soon in LC instrumentation. And remember, these are used in QA/QC. So you can't forever defer these replacements. And the conversations that we've had with customers, and as I said, I spent a whole day with one of our largest customers, especially in QA/QC, they are raring to go and start the replacement cycles, right, on LCs. 
 The aging fleet is not something that they want to have, especially for new launches, which are going to be high volume and, of course, marketed compounds. So I think things are trending in the right direction. But again, I mean, just put this all in context, there's really, again, one shouldn't get too excited when you see high growth and decline, especially for our instrument portfolio. And when you look at the full year, again, I'll remind you that it's a 45, 55 average for the overall business, right? 
 First half, 45%, second half, 55%, and that's what we've assumed for the full year phasing overall, and the step-up in the second quarter is roughly 10%. So just sort of give you broad sort of signpost. But the conversations were with a QA -- with a heavy focus on QA/QC. And we see replacement -- signs of replacement cycles beginning both in China, which we commented on earlier, ex-China. 
Patrick Donnelly: And then Amol, maybe just quickly on the margin side. Can you just talk about the progression as we work our way through the year. I know you guys have some kind of cost initiatives working the way through the year last year. So I'm just trying to think on the cadence there and any moving pieces you want to call out as you work our way through '24 here. 
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Look, I mean, already in Q1, we put good numbers on board and continued our good financial performance. As you get into second half of the year, keep in mind, the proactive cost actions that we took are already in the baseline, and there will be some headwind as we accrue for bonuses. So you may not see meaningful margin expansion in the second half, net of those 2 effects, but we would have mostly covered our ground for the 20 to 30 basis points of margin expansion mostly in the first half. So we will still end up delivering an adjusted operating margin expansion of 20 to 30 basis points. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Doug Schenkel from Wolfe Research. 
Douglas Schenkel: Udit, thank you for the commentary on the quality of the funnel and also providing context, looking back 15 years at seasonal patterns, that's helpful. That said, recognizing those points and even being mindful of the year-over-year comparisons and how they progress over the course of the year. Your guidance, it doesn't seem conservative to me to be direct, at least as I look at the model. I'm struggling a little bit to kind of see how you get there in spite of all the helpful commentary you provided. To explain where I'm coming from, starting on revenue, the 45, 55 H1, H2 revenue split. It's a long-term norm, but it certainly isn't the recent norm. 
 And then looking at things a different way, I think you would need to go down -- go from being down more than 6% organic in the first half, to being up more than 7% positive in the second half. And for margins, if I'm doing the math right, I think you're essentially implying a targeted second half operating margin of around 33.5%, which is a bigger first half to second half ramp than normal. So with all of that in mind, my questions are really the following: one, how dependent are you on an instrument recovery and, in fact, a normalization to trend in the fourth quarter to get to these targets? 
 Two, if the answer is you are assuming a normalization, how do we put that with the margin guidance? And then third, given investor concern and just the market backdrop, keeping in mind, none of your peers sound good on China or instruments right now, did you contemplate cutting guidance a bit? I know that was a lot, so I'll get back in the queue and listen. 
Udit Batra: Go ahead -- Let's Amol start, and then I'll jump in. 
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Look, I mean, where we stand at this point, one may say, look, your Q2 guidance is conservative given there was some delay in budget releases in Q1. And we've been prudent there just to stay with our historical norm, right? Q3, Q4, we have some visibility in CRM. But the sales cycle, as you know, is 6, 9 months, so you don't have all the visibility, but it's still in line with the historical pattern, and we are seeing increased activity at early stages in our pipeline, which we think will convert into orders as the year progresses, right? 
 If you look at ex-China pretty much across these quarters, it is on a 5-year stack basis, a little lower, mid-single digits. So again, as Udit said, there is no noise ex-China. And really what plays out in the growth guide is how progressively the decline in China translates to a modest increase in the second half of the year, and that's what we are modeling. There could be upside on China, if China performs well. And we did some of that in our guide where we saw a little bit better China, and we derisk the remainder of the guide. 
 On your second question on the margin, I mean, as I said earlier, right, a lot of the cost work we did last year is in the second half baseline. So you're going to see very modest, if any, margin expansion in the second half, but we would have covered most of the ground on the 20 to 30 basis points of full year margin expansion in the first half. And China, I mean, stimulus is not in our guide. We expect very little towards the end of the year, if any, because a lot of things need to be worked out there. But we are super encouraged by what the government is doing, both in terms of the size and the tenure of the stimulus and the secondary effect it will have on the local mentality and purchase patterns. 
Udit Batra: Yes. And then just to sort of, again, embellish just a little bit, Doug, and summarize. First, yes, I mean, the discussions with customers are increasingly positive, but we felt we want to see that land first before we start assuming that it has come, right? So you can imagine, given how difficult it is to predict instrument businesses year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter is even trickier -- a trickier exercise. So yes, the conversations are positive, but we want to see it land and then we'll have -- hopefully, you're right, and then we can have another discussion at the end of Q2 that looks a little bit different. 
 Second, on China, it's a pure math issue, right? I mean the year has started better than we expected, but the second half of the year is when all the weakness was plugged in -- into the overall numbers. So you see second half being slightly -- basically flattish to slight growth. But if you put it all together, I mean, there is no drama ex-China. It's low single-digit growth prediction for the full year across the different customer segments, especially pharma and academia. And in China, it's a low double-digit decline after a very significant decline in the previous year. So really, there's not a lot of risk, as I look at it after the conversations that we've recently had with customers, the visibility we currently have. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Catherine Schulte from Baird. 
Catherine Ramsey: Maybe just on pharma. I think you said down low single digits ex-China. And you talked about budgets opening up throughout the quarter. So can you just talk through the health of that end market outside of China exiting the quarter and your expectations for the second quarter for that end market? 
Udit Batra: So Catherine, thank you for the question. Look, pharma overall even last year grew low single digits for us for the full year. And the full year guide again is low single-digit growth. Q1 was sort of a low single-digit decliner, but the conversations with customers make us even more confident that the full year guide is very much intact for a low single-digit growth in pharma. And as I said before, look, first, the orders look much more firm than they did a year ago across biotech and across pharma. 
 Second, when I look at what traction our products have especially the products that are meant to solve problems for large molecules, be it in columns. And I talked about that in the prepared remarks, be it in analysis using light scattering or using mass spec and LC the products have an extremely, extremely good traction. And as far as phasing is concerned, it's the same commentary that I provided overall. Look, Q1 came in as we expected for pharma and as we roll through the year, basically, the comps get a little bit easier. And so you see us landing at the full -- landing the full year with a low single-digit growth for pharma. 
Caspar Tudor: Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support and interest in Waters. A replay of this call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. This concludes our call, and we look forward to seeing you at future events and conferences. 
Operator: Thank you all for joining. That concludes the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. You may disconnect at this time, and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's call. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Cedric. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter earnings call. Today, I'm joined by Dr. Udit Batra, Water's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Amol Chaubal, Water's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. I would first like to point out that our earnings release and the slide presentation supplementing today's call are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.waters.com. In this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the first quarter of 2024 and full year 2024. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. For more details, please see the risk factors included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs, and the cautionary language included in this morning's earnings release. During today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures including in our discussions of the results of operations. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation, which are available on the company's website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 in organic constant currency terms. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable organic constant currency basis.  Finally, we do not intend to update our guidance, predictions or projections, except as part of a regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Udit to deliver our key remarks. Then Amol will provide a more detailed look at our financial results. After, we will open up the phone lines to take questions. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar. And good morning, everyone. I would like to begin today's call by expressing my gratitude to all my colleagues. 2023 was another transformative year for Waters. Throughout the year, our teams kept an unwavering focus on customers, launched innovative new products, and delivered strong business performance, all during highly eventful times with dynamic market conditions.  As 2022 ended, the results of our transformation clearly showed on the top line, having delivered several years of very strong, above-average sales growth. Since then, in 2023, we've demonstrated our ability to manage exceptionally well through a downturn while continuing to make investments for growth.  In 2023, we also initiated the next phase of our transformation with the acquisition of Wyatt. This brings with it a new vector for value creation to our shareholders through M&A and we're off to a great start. As an added benefit, it has accelerated our journey into high growth adjacent markets, where we made continued progress with our organic investments over the course of the year.  We launched new and innovative products in 2023, including our Alliance iS next generation LC platform. We expanded our Xevo tQ mass spec into clinical applications and developed size exclusion columns for viral vectors that pair with Wyatt MALS instruments. We even had our first light scattering launch as a combined company with ZetaStar.  Finally, we were recognized as one of the world's most sustainable companies, achieving a variety of ESG awards. This includes our top five ranking on Barron's Most Sustainable Companies list which scores over 1,000 publicly traded companies based on 230 ESG performance indicators. We're very proud of what we've achieved at Waters in 2023.  Today, as I share our fourth quarter and full-year results, I have three key messages. First, we've continued to execute well. Second, our transformation is contributing to our results. And third, we are well positioned for future long-term growth.  Turning now to our results. In the fourth quarter, sales declined 4.5% as reported, which was in line with our expectations. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share landed at the high end of our guidance at $3.62, driven by strong margin performance. On a GAAP basis, EPS was $3.65.  For the full year, sales declined 0.5% as reported and 2% in organic constant currency. Even with a constrained CapEx environment, all our regions outside of China grew in 2023 in organic constant currency terms. As expected, Wyatt successfully delivered on on-target M&A contribution of 2.5% to sales. And with a strong EPS result in Q4, non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share came in at $11.75, which reflects underlying growth of approximately 2% before FX headwinds of 3% and 1% dilution from the Wyatt acquisition.  I will now describe our sales results in more detail. The spending environment for instruments remained challenging into year-end. However, Q4 revenue increase increased Versus Q3 levels in all our geographies, even China as we continue to execute well in tough macro conditions. Reported sales were $108 million higher in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. This reflects a 15% ramp that was consistent with our guidance for a muted year-end budget flush.  For the full year, our organic constant currency sales grew 3% year-over-year, excluding China. As I mentioned earlier, the Americas, Europe and Asia excluding China all grew in 2023. This took a lot of effort from our sales team who did a fantastic job capitalizing on the available opportunities in the market with our competitive portfolio. As a result, on a full-year stack basis, our ex-China growth remains at a healthy high-single-digits.  A key challenge in 2023 was the abrupt turn we saw in China where conditions deteriorated as the year progressed. This was particularly the case in the pharma market where our revenues are most heavily weighted. For the full year, China sales declined more than 20% overall, which was a 5% headwind to our total growth.  This brings us now to our margin performance. We believe that the best reflection of good operational execution is effective margin management when things slow down. During 2023, we saw volume and FX headwinds, while inflationary pressure continued. We responded with stronger pricing and added further discipline to our operational objectives. We redoubled our productivity efforts, including the opening of our global capability center in Bangalore, India. And we undertook proactive cost alignment as the slowdown began to emerge.  This resilience, focus and commitment allowed us to deliver excellent operational results in our P&L. Our full-year gross margin was 59.6%, which is 160 basis points better than the previous year. Our full-year adjusted operating margin was 30.9%, which is 70 basis points of expansion.  Now, let me share our progress with the acquisition of Wyatt Technology. The strong start to lead sharing between Wyatt and Waters allowed us to offset a slowdown in biotech spending, resulting in an on-target M&A contribution of 2.5% to our full year sales.  I will now give some detail on how our revitalized portfolio and alignment with higher growth segments are contributing to growth as part of our transformation.  Our strong results in 2023 was supported by our innovative portfolio, which helped drive customer spending on new products are gaining good traction in the market, including TQ Absolute, Alliance iS and MaxPeak Premier Columns, as well as several of our high res mass spec instruments such as Cycliq G3 and MRT. From an adoption perspective, this puts us in an excellent position when instrument budgets begin to normalize.  Turning now to our adjacencies. We have continued to invest and expand into adjacent high growth markets, where our business model of solving problems in downstream regulated applications can be deployed.  For bioseparations and bioanalytical characterizations, we made organic investments, launched new products, and deployed capital to M&A. Large molecule applications are now 35% of our pharma revenues and expected to trend higher, up from around 20%, just a few years ago.  For diagnostics, we have invested in our clinical business and added workflows for specialty applications of mass spec. This has transformed related revenue growth from that of low to mid-single-digits to double digits in the past several years.  Finally, our focus on batteries is paying dividends where very strong growth has remained throughout the year. Revenues from battery applications are now at over 10 times 2019 revenue levels and our TA business is increasingly aligned with their cyclical faster growing applications. Each of these exciting growth areas is delivering incremental revenue to the company.  Now I will share some facts supporting the long term outlook for above average growth and provide our 2024 guidance. Since 2010, Waters has grown on average 6% in organic constant currency terms. For instruments, while the standard deviation is high, long term average growth has been 5%. For recurring revenues, the standard deviation is much lower and the average growth is 7%.  As we look ahead, several vectors make us confident that this growth could be even higher. The first is even faster volume growth in segments that we serve, driven by global prescription drug sales and environmental regulations. Second is increased use of analytical instruments for characterizing large molecules and novel modalities. And third, it's about historic pricing where we expect to sustain 100 basis point long term tailwind in incremental growth.  Let's take each of these growth vectors in turn. There are at least two key drivers of testing volume acceleration. The first is related to the adoption of GLP-1 drugs, where Waters' instruments and columns are specified into in-process testing and QA/QC testing at the two leading manufacturers. We expect our position to contribute an average additional revenue growth of 30 basis points per year between now and 2030. The second is PFAS testing where we've been gaining share in a rapidly expanding market, in part driven by the sensitivity and compact size of our Xevo tQ Absolute mass spec. We expect PFAS testing to contribute an additional 30 basis points to our revenue growth for the foreseeable future.  Finally, Wyatt light scattering is a high growth business, serving attractive large molecule applications. We expect it to contribute 40 basis points of core growth accretion to our business on an annualized basis. It also accelerates our ability to solve customer challenges at formulation development, bioanalytical characterization and QA/QC testing, which has positive repercussions for our Waters business as we increasingly tie our columns, LC and mass spec into these workflows.  I will now cover our 2024 full-year guidance. We expect customer spending caution to continue in the first quarter of the year, with slow budget releases for downstream instrumentation. We then expect to see a gradual improvement for the remainder of the year as budgets open up, market conditions improve and as prior-year comparisons become easier. We expect weakness in China to continue, particularly in the first half of the year, which also plays into the growth phasing of our guide.  With this initial outlook for 2024, we expect full-year organic constant currency sales growth to be between negative 0.5% to positive 1.5%. We expect continued strong operational performance to build leverage in our P&L with 20 to 30 basis points of further operating margin expansion, while still reinvesting for growth. And we expect adjusted EPS growth of 0% to 3%, in the range of $11.75 to $12.05.  Now, I will pass the call over to Amol to continue covering our fourth quarter financial results in more detail and give additional commentary on our guidance for 2024. Amol?
Amol Chaubal : Thank you, Udit. And good morning, everyone. We delivered a solid close to a tough year in the fourth quarter with sales that were in line with our expectations despite continued market challenges.  In the quarter, sales declined 4.5% as reported, which aligned with our expectations for 15% increase in reported revenues versus Q3. Organic constant currency sales declined 8% against the high-single-digit growth comparison last year.  We did observe a budget flush in the fourth quarter as sales grew across all geographies in Q4 versus Q3. However, this year's budget flush was more muted than typical, consistent with our expectations.  Our Wyatt acquisition delivered excellent results again, adding over 3% growth to the reported sales.  In organic constant currency by end market, pharma declined 11%, industrial declined 4% and academic and government declined 9%. In pharma, our results were impacted by a further weakening in China, which declined 45% for the quarter. Outside of China, pharma sales declined 4% as instruments sales were impacted by a muted budget flush, in line with our expectations.  In industrial, growth was flat outside of China against a tough high-teens prior-year comparison. China declined approximately 20% as weakness has broadened into non-pharma segments due to weak economic conditions. Overall, we observed continued strong growth in PFAS and battery-related applications, which have continued to partially offset weakness in more cyclical areas.  In academic and government, our ex-China Business continued to perform well with mid-single-digit growth. However, this was more than offset by a decline of almost 40% in China, where demand has deteriorated after the benefits of stimulus ended in the second quarter.  By geography, sales in Asia fell 16% as China weakness more than offset mid-single-digit growth in the rest of Asia. The Americas declined 2% and Europe declined 6%, driven by this year's muted budget flush dynamics.  By products and services, instruments declined 20%, recurring revenues grew mid-single-digits, with continued high-single-digit growth outside of China. There was one additional day in the quarter versus the prior year.  Looking now at our full-year results, by end market, pharma declined 5%, industrial was flat, and academic and government grew 10%. Excluding China, pharma and industrial grew low-single-digits and A&G grew mid-teens for the year, each reflecting solid results against double-digit comps.  Now by geography, sales in Asia declined 7%, with China declining more than 20%, while Asia, ex-China, grew high-single-digits. The Americas grew 1% and Europe grew 2%.  By products and services, instruments declined 10%, which was primarily driven by China. Excluding China, instruments declined low-single-digits in 2023, reflecting healthy high-single-digit four-year CAGR. Recurring revenues grew 6% overall and high-single-digits outside of China, with robust growth throughout the year.  Chemistry growth has been supported by strong customer demand for MaxPeak Premier Columns, serving large molecule workflows, and adoption of ecommerce. For service, growth has been supported by expansion of plan attachment. In 2023, we exceeded our objective for a further 100 basis points of service plan attachment and delivered a 200 basis point increase for the year.  Now, I will comment on our fourth quarter and full-year non GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Despite headwinds from lower sales volumes, FX and inflation, in 2023, our team responded to these challenges with resilience and commitment.  Our continued focus on operational excellence with pricing, productivity, and proactive cost alignment, together with lower incentive compensation, allowed us to deliver a fourth quarter gross margin of 61.2%, an expansion of 170 basis points, and fourth quarter adjusted operating margin of 34.9%, an expansion of 120 basis points.  For the full year, our focus and effort resulted in gross margin of 59.6%, an expansion of 160 basis points, and an adjusted operating margin of 30.9%, an expansion of 70 basis points, which is after reinvesting in our high growth adjacencies.  Our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 17.1%, 50 basis points below prior-year quarter. For the full year, it was 16.2%. Our average share count came in at 59.3 million shares, which is about 300,000 less than the fourth quarter of last year.  Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were $3.62. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share were $3.65. For the full year, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were $11.75. Foreign exchange headwinds lowered our non-GAAP EPS growth by 3% and there was a 1% dilution from the Wyatt acquisition. On a GAAP basis, EPS was $10.84. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to this morning's press release and in the appendix of our earnings call presentation.  Now turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. We define free cash flows as cash from operation less capital expenditures and exclude special items. In the fourth quarter of 2023, free cash flow was $192 million after funding $42 million of capital expenditures. For the full year, free cash flow was $554 million after funding $161 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from the free cash flow were payments of $72 million related to tax reform, $26 million for Wyatt assumed liabilities, and $16 million related to investment in our Taunton Precision Chemistry operations.  We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and well-structured debt maturity profile. This trend allows us to prioritize investing in growth, including M&A, and returning capital to shareholders. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will meaningfully accelerate value creation.  At the end of the quarter, our net debt position further declined to $2 billion, a net debt to EBITDA ratio of about 2 times. This represents a decrease of approximately $150 million during the quarter as we delivered the Wyatt acquisition.  As previously disclosed, our share buyback program has been temporarily suspended to enable us to pay down debt incurred as part of the Wyatt transaction. We will evaluate the resumption of our share repurchase program throughout 2024 as part of our balanced capital deployment objective.  Now as we look towards the year ahead, I would like to provide you with our high level thoughts for 2024. Similar to others in the industry, our growth in 2023 was slower than usual, driven by unprecedented weakness in China and cautious spending from customers in other regions. We view these market conditions as temporary and anticipate a gradual recovery in sales growth throughout 2024.  While our customers remain healthy, market uncertainty still remains and necessitates prudence in our guide. These dynamics support full year 2024 organic constant currency sales growth guidance of negative 0.5% to positive 1.5%. At current exchange rates, currency translation is expected to result in a negative impact of just under 1% on full-year sales. We expect Wyatt transaction to add approximately 1.3% M&A contribution to our full year 2024 revenues from inorganic sales incurred in the first four and half months of the year. Therefore, our total reported sales growth guidance is approximately 0% to 2%.  We expect to extend our strong margin performance into 2024 and deliver a gross margin of 59.8% for the full year, which is 20 basis points of expansion versus 2023. We also expect to deliver 20 to 30 basis points of additional operating margin expansion versus 2023, resulting in an adjusted operating margin of slightly over 31%. We expect our full year net interest expense to be approximately $80 million. Our full-year tax rate is expected to remain largely consistent with 2023 levels at 16.3%. Our average diluted 2024 share count is expected to be approximately 59.7 million.  Now rolling all this together, on a non-GAAP basis, our full year 2024 earnings per fully diluted share guidance is projected in the range of $11.75 to $12.05, which is approximately 0% to 3% growth and includes an estimated headwind of approximately 2% due to unfavorable foreign exchange.  Turning now to our expectations for the first quarter of 2024. We believe that customer budget release timing will be slower than typical in the first quarter. In addition, current levels of market weakness in China are not fully reflected in last year's first quarter comparison. Last year's deterioration picked up significantly in the second quarter and thereafter. The first quarter also last year benefited from A&G stimulus in China. As a result, we expect our China business to decline approximately 40% year-over-year in Q1.  Given these dynamics, we expect organic constant currency sales growth in the range of negative 11% to negative 9%. At current rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 1%, while Wyatt is expected to add approximately 3.5% to sales for the quarter. Therefore, our total first quarter reported sales growth guidance is negative 8.5% to negative 6.5%.  Based on these revenue expectations, first quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range $2.05 to $2.15, which includes a negative currency impact of approximately 4 percentage points at current FX rates.  Now, I would like to turn the call back to Udit for some summary comments.
Udit Batra : Thank you, Amol. So, in summary, another transformative year for Waters. We will continue to navigate the current market environment well and deliver earnings growth for our shareholders in 2024.  Before I close, I would like to share a few updates on our ESG efforts. We've made strong progress towards our environmental goals with 77% of our electricity now sourced from renewable or low carbon sources.  In 2023, we started working with the Science Based Targets initiative to build on this progress and develop further emissions reduction targets. We've also enhanced our climate related disclosure with our TCFD related reporting.  Waters was recognized as one of the best companies to work for but by the US News and World Report, and we achieved a perfect score of 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index.  We're also proud that our governance has been recognized. Waters Board of Directors was named the 2024 Public Company Board of the Year by National Association of Corporate Directors, New England chapter.  So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Caspar.
Caspar Tudor : Thanks, Udit. That concludes our formal comments. We're now ready to open the phone lines for questions. 
Operator: Our first question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Kumar: Udit, just on the annual guidance here, at the midpoint, I think it's about 50 basis points growth. What is the guide you're assuming zooming for price? And can you talk about end markets, pharma, government and academia, and industrial sort of assumptions? I know you gave the China assumption. China is expected to be down. But could you just parse out between China versus non-China for those end markets?
Udit Batra: Look, a couple of high level comments, and then I'll go to the end markets and let Amol comment on the pricing question. The 2024 guidance in general assumes that the trends that we saw in 2023 continue in large part. So, you start off just looking at what happened in 2023. outside of China, all end markets and geographies grew low-single-digits or thereabouts. So all geographies were low-single-digits, and we assumed the same trend for the balance of the year. And all end markets are in the similar sort of zip code. And in China, we assume roughly sort of mid-teens to high-teens decline for 2024.  Now when you do the arithmetic, you basically look at the comps. The first half of the year will be slower than the second half, right? The first half of the year has significantly higher comps. When you look at the academic and government stimulus, especially in China, and then the second half of the year, that alleviates, so you'll start to see a bit of a growth.  So now to your question on the full year and the assumption for different end markets. For the full year, pharma, we are expecting to grow low-single-digits. And this is again on the back of what we saw in 2023. Industrial was flat in 2023 for the full year, expect to be there or thereabouts, low-single-digit growth. And A&G with a very strong year, roughly 10%, 12% for 2023. We expect it to be a low double-digit decline, basically in China declining quite significantly because of high comps, and the rest of the world, you sort of go back to the long term trends of low single-digit growth. So really, overall, expecting the same execution that we saw in 2023, basically really nice performance in markets outside of China with low single-digit growth in China, mid-teens decline. And by end market, sort of similar trends. Strength continuing in pharma due to our QA/QC focus.  Amol, on the pricing. 
Amol Chaubal: On pricing, when we started 2023, we started with an assumption of 200 basis points, 250 basis points. But as the year panned out, our team gathered strength quarter after quarter, and you see full year, we finished about 300 basis points on price side.  Now, long term, we've said we'll do about 100 basis points better than what we've historically done. And historically, we had done 50 to 75 basis points. So that's where our current assumption is starting, roughly around 200 basis points of pricing gains in 2024. But, again, the underlying trend is we're doing better than that. And where better to see it, right? It reflects loud and clear in our gross margin expansion, which is where it should show up. 
Udit Batra: I think just to sort of emphasize that point even more, what gives me sort of a lot of confidence is what we saw on our gross margin and our operating margin. In such an environment, we took proactive cost actions. Operating margin for the full year expanded by 70 basis points and gross margin by 160 basis points. You can talk a good game on pricing, but at the end, it has to show up in the P&L, and that's what we're really proud off.
Vijay Kumar: Amol, one for you. Operating margin expansion, that's really pretty impressive considering revenues are almost flat this year organically. Is that all being driven by gross margins. I think in the past, you noted FX could have an impact on gross margins. Maybe just talk about what's driving [indiscernible] and FX assumptions on margins.
Amol Chaubal: We expanded our full year margins by 70 basis points. And on a constant currency basis, that's 120 basis points of expansion because we had a good 50 basis points of FX headwind during the year. The negative leverage from volume was partially offset by mix and AIP. So net-net, it was negative 40 basis points. Pricing added 110 basis points, freight and material savings another 60 basis points, cost actions added another 60 basis points. And then we invested about 70 basis points in nurturing higher growth adjacencies. So that's roughly the breakdown.
Udit Batra: All hands on deck basically.
Operator: My next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Sykes: Maybe just the first one, a higher level question. Udit, just on the replacement cycle impact, just given the outsized growth we saw in instruments during this sort of COVID period, what kind of impact do you think this has had on replacement cycles, particularly in biopharma, given a lot of the spend was concentrated there? Do you think the replacement cycle has been pushed out? Or do you think that you'll see that impact of that coming back in this year? Or is it more of a 2025 impact?
Udit Batra: Let me start by first just talking about what we have seen in Q4. You would have seen that, Q4, our sales ramped from Q3 to Q4 by about 15%. And this is typical in a QA/QC driven business. It's muted versus historical trends, which are roughly 24% for Waters. But in a QA/QC driven business, you do see a ramp in replacement towards the end of the year. That trend is very much intact, especially outside of China.  I think it's naive to think that replacement cycles have suddenly stopped. This Q4 ramp tells us that replacement cycles are still ongoing. Now the underlying question is, what are driving these replacement cycles and how do you trigger them? In a muted CapEx environment, the conversations we've had with customers on replacements have largely centered around new products, Arc HPLC and Alliance iS, which have both gained a lot of nice receptivity. So, new products allow you to continue to have that conversation. And you see that reflected in our sort of pharma results outside of China and as you compare it to our peer group.  Now, to your question on did we see an outsize replacement during the post COVID years? It's very difficult to tell. We think it was more a push back from the depression that you saw during COVID and outsized execution that we saw due to the replacement cycle that we had not had from 2018 to 2020. So pent up demand sort of helped us get really outsized growth.  Now, to corroborate that point, if you just look at LC, LC is 70% replacement business. And if you look at how we ended the full year 2023, so LC – and again, one should look at long term trends, on a long term basis, is roughly 1% growth on a four-year CAGR. So LC is growing roughly 1% on a four year CAGR basis, which is well below the long term average of about 4% to 5%. And you add pricing, so it's actually 4-ish-percent sort of below in volume versus the long term trend of 4% to 5% LC growth.  So we do expect LC replacement to start imminently. Now don't ask me exactly when that inflection point is. Short term, we have a ton of visibility with a lot of data and a lot of conversations with customers. Long term, we think the trends are going to revert back to the mean or even better, given what we've talked about in our prepared remarks. The inflection point you don't get any extra marks to call it. So in 2024, we've assumed the same trends as 2023 to persist. But, definitely, we believe LC is due to come up in growth rates. So, long answer, but I hope that gives you a lot of context on how we're thinking about it.
Matthew Sykes: A quick one on PFAS. You mentioned that slide deck that the market is starting to expand into foods probably earlier than we had expected. Just given the potential size of the market, food relative to water, one, how big do you assume the food market to be over the long term? And two, how much of that 30 basis points annual contribution from PFAS actually comes from food relative to water in your assumptions? 
Udit Batra: Early days, Matt. We've assumed roughly $50 million to $75 million for now in the food market. And over time, we expect it to expand. As you well pointed out, that could be a pretty significant market. We want to be a bit cautious here. So the 30 basis points is largely on the back of water testing, and not much from food testing at this point. But that said, the PFAS market is super dynamic. So we've gone from water testing to expansion into food testing, into tissue samples, into soil samples, into sewage, and into industrial companies sort of purchasing mass specs to analyze their effluent stream. So, it's a market that's going to significantly expand. But we're a bit cautious in trying to guess exactly what that size is. What we're focused on is sort of going after each and every opportunity in these segments, and you see that with roughly 40% growth. So stay tuned. As we find out more, you'll progressively see the increased market sizes or better information emerge.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan.
Rachel Vatnsdal: I just wanted to dig into this 1Q guide a little bit. This was weaker than most of us had anticipated. Appreciate the market is pretty dynamic and you had some really difficult comps in China during 1Q. But are there any other one-timers in terms of why you'd have that level of sequential step down? And was there any pull-forward that may have helped 4Q that led to that softer 1Q guide as well?
Amol Chaubal: The one-timers are largely in China. You had the stimulus last year in A&G. And the level of weakness we are seeing now in China, last year's Q1 baseline doesn't reflect that at all. In the rest of the world, we are assuming customers will be slow out of the gate versus what we typically see. And that's based on the trend that we saw in Q4, where the budget flush was muted. And that will somehow, we think, reflect in how quickly budgets are released to customers. And that's sort of playing out in the guide.
Udit Batra: Rachel, just to sort of build on what Amol has said, we're really no different than what we saw in Q4 overall, right? Q4 was almost 7.5%, 8% down versus previous year. And we're assuming, at the midpoint of the guide, Q1 is roughly 10% down. We expect, as Amol said, the trends from Q4 to persist into Q1. Low-single-digit-ish growth or flat growth in ex China. And in China, roughly 40% decline due to the heavy comps, especially from A&G last year where we had the benefit of the stimulus was coming through. So no real challenge.  I'll just sort of say one more thing. In pharma in China, in particular, we're starting to see a bit of stabilization. We're starting to see biotech spending start to reemerge. We're starting to see CDMO spending on recurring revenues. And we're also, in the branded generics segment, which is roughly 50% of our pharma market, where more and more cities and more and more hospitals are starting to open up. So we see that trend, but we are cautious in calling that at this point in Q1. So Q1, basically similar tends to Q4. 
Amol Chaubal: Just keep in mind, Q1 is our smallest quarter, right? So small changes have a meaningful impact on the pattern.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Just my follow-up on this assumed gradual improvement that you guys are embedding throughout the year, can you just dig a little bit more into those assumptions? Which markets and which geographies are you assuming more of an improvement than others? You talked about some of the China in the comping. So, how much do comps really have to do with that improvement that you're expecting throughout the year as well?
Amol Chaubal: We've sort of looked at it from various different vantage points. If you look at sort of how we've performed ex China, we've grown sort of low single-digits and we expect that to be the case for the full year, with some slow out of the gate with how the budgets are released in Q1. And then, you sort of face a muted budget flush baseline towards the later part of the year.  China, you will see decline, as we talked about, in Q1 because the baseline is pretty strong. But as we get into the second half of China, we think things will normalize because a lot of the demand slowness is reflected. So if you sort of look at it from that vantage point, for the first half, we sort of declined mid-single-digits. For the second half, we sort of grow mid-single-digits. When you look at it on a five year stack versus 2019, roughly, it's mid-single-digits growth both for the first half as well as the second half.
Udit Batra: Similar trends in the first half and second half. Just the arithmetic is that the comps in the first half are higher than the second half.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Wolfe Research.
Doug Schenkel: Actually, I want to look at China a different way. And I'm just doing some quick math on the fly, which is always dangerous. But one thing as I look back the last few years I've noticed is I think Q1 revenue in China is typically about 70% of Q4 revenue in China, just kind of thinking about the historical sequential pattern, to the extent you can do that, over the last few years, given how different that has been. But if we use that as precedent, it seems like you're essentially embedding that pattern into your guidance this year again. So when I keep that in mind and I look at Q3 and Q4 revenue in China, which were about $100 million each, well, the comps are really tough and the growth is not going to look great in the first half of the year. Are you at some level kind of assuming a normalization of sequential growth over the course of 2024 relative to Q4 on a sequential basis? 
Udit Batra: It's a great question. You nailed it. When we gave our Q4 guidance also last year, there was a lot of questions on how did you come up with the guidance, and we use similar sort of math. You basically look at 15 years of data, which is what we have. And you look at sequential changes mathematically. Then you look at the funnel itself and then look at what the funnel is saying in terms of the orders. And third, you have conversations with customers. And during a difficult time, the visibility – ironically, people say visibility is pretty low. Well, visibility in the short term is incredibly high. We just didn't like what we're seeing. And so, people think visibility is low. Visibility is pretty high. Analytically, we're looking at things very carefully. We're talking to a ton of customers. We're just executing really, really well. Just getting every opportunity that's in front of us.  So to answer your question, yes, we are using that math of sequential growth quarter-on-quarter, and that's embedded in the full-year guidance. Now, if that improves – I mean, I'm sort of anticipating the next question. If that improves, of course, you'll see upside right? And we're starting to see trends from Q4, especially in China, look a bit better in Q1, especially in the largest end market, which is pharma.  In the ex-China geographies, in Q1, we've assumed that the same trends continue from Q4 and customers are cautious, like they were cautious in Q1, which is what we are sort of hearing from many of our customers. They want to see how Q1 lands before they start releasing CapEx. But you've got one of the elements of our guide philosophy nailed, yes.
Doug Schenkel: Udit, either for you, or for Amol, I was wondering if you'd be willing to delineate between large and small molecule growth on the chemistry side? I'm just curious how that's been trending. And what's incorporated into guidance that may be cutting things in an unfair way? But if you're willing to indulge us, I think that would be really interesting just to hear how that's been trending and how you're thinking about it for 2024. 
Udit Batra: I think let's look at clean results ex-China, which is where things are not sort of affected by shutdowns and the like. I can give you the overall statistic. Back in 2020, the revenues from biologics, out of our total pharma revenues, were less than 20%. Now that number is in excess of 35%. 400 basis points of that is Wyatt. But the rest of it is the base organic acceleration in large molecule applications.  Now, I can't tell you off the top of my head, how much of that comes from chemistry and how much of that comes from instruments. It's a mix, I would argue. At this point, it's basically a mix of the two, BioAccord sort of picking up, Xevo G3 picking up. But in chemistry, what I can tell you is roughly 70% to 80% of R&D spend is now on large molecule and biologics application MaxPeak Premier Columns, in its third year, is growing in excess of 30%. We've introduced a new gene therapy column. So, really pleased with what we're doing on large molecule applications, with 35% of our pharma revenues now coming from biologics.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Brennan with TD Cowen. 
Tom Stevens: This is Tom Stevens on for Dan Brennan today. I guess my first one is just on the industrials guide. And given the strength of the category with PFAS testing and battery testing and the like, what kind of gives you confidence that momentum kind of continues in the back half and why we shouldn't see maybe a rest of world cyclical slowdown? That's my first one and I've got a couple of others to follow up.
Udit Batra: Industrial finished 2023 roughly flat. And flat in a year where there was significant macro challenges. And this was largely due to PFAS and battery testing offsetting the other macro sensitive segments in our industrial business. And TA, we've not talked about that business in a while, but the TA business for the full year grew 3% in a year where growth was very difficult to get and that included – that number includes China.  Now, as you look into 2024, we assume that the full year will be there or thereabouts, low single-digit growth. Ex-China growing low single-digits really on the back of PFAS, battery and a bit of recovery on food and environmental. And China, really now, given this large comps in 2023 in the negative territory in the low to mid-single-digits. So expecting 2024 to look similar to 2023 overall, especially ex-China. A little bit of – the stronger sort of comps in China make maybe a bit of muted growth. So you should assume that industrial will be sort of flat to low single-digit growth in 2024.
Doug Schenkel: Just to pivot to LCs and that kind of long term trajectory, could you remind us what the net contribution of China was in the prior four years on a trend basis and then maybe how you think that long term market trajectory is different, with a potentially muted China going forward and/or you're kind of mixed into kind of larger molecule applications?
Amol Chaubal: China, if you look at 2019 or 2022, was roughly 17% to 19% of our revenue. Now, where we finished in 2023, it's about 15% of our revenue.  When you look at sort of the different issues compounding the current situation in China, but we generally feel, barring maybe one or two smaller issues, most of these issues are cyclical rather than structural. So, for example, CDMOs struggling with overcapacity, as well as geopolitical challenges or branded generics pulling back spend because of anti-corruption campaigns or industrial business, especially food and environmental, slowing down because of government pulling back reimbursement. We think these issues are largely cyclical. They will all come back. It's just a question when, and it's very hard to predict when that will happen.  On the other hand, the biotech funding and the resultant volume they've placed on tier two, tier three CDMOs, that we think is structural. And in the near term, they're not going to be at the levels of 2021, 2022 spending. But at least on that issue, which is structural, the good news is we think we found the bottom on that issue because newer molecules are starting to see funding. But there is going to be sort of $30 million to $40 million correction to our 2022 baseline. The remaining issues we think eventually will come back. And that's the business that is today.  And then, as we've said before, what we are super excited about is this whole push for innovative medicines. And there's a whole new vector opening up in China and we think that will create significant value. And we absolutely want to be part of that equation. And we are taking steps, so that we have local presence and participate in that journey more closely.
Udit Batra: Just to sort of embellish on that, Amol has covered it extremely well, Tom. LC, as I mentioned earlier – two or three factors to keep in mind – on a long term basis, is traversing well below our long-term averages. So, in general, on a four or five-year stack basis, you should expect LC to be mid-single-digits. It's actually flat to 1%. You look at that number for 2023, LC overall declined almost 10%, 11%. And bulk of that decline came from China. So, China declined roughly 30%, 40% – maybe actually close to 40%, 45% in LC. Outside of China, we were sort of low single-digit decliners in LC.  So to your question on how will the recovery will be impacted with coming back to growth in China, we expect that, in the first half of the year, we'll see similar trends that we saw in the second half of the year in LC. And the second half of the year, we will start to see a bit of a relief and growth.  And as we talk to our customers, to our largest customer segment, which is pharma, we're starting to see biotechs start to spend again, we're starting to see CDMOs, especially recurring revenue, come back. And in branded generics, more and more hospitals are opening up. So it's going to be a mix of replacement cycles beginning again in ex-China markets and in China recovery in pharma.  So put those two together, and you should start to see LC come back. We're not assuming that in our guide at this point, but definitely there are trends in that direction. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Catherine Schulte with Baird.
Catherine Ramsey Schulte: Maybe first, just touching on some of your commercial initiatives. Any comments on what you're targeting for service attachment rates or ecommerce improvements in 2024?
Udit Batra: Really continuing the trend. So we went from, what, 20 – so, ecommerce from about 20% to 35% already, 35-plus-percent already in ecommerce, and we expect that to grow closer to 40% by the end of 2024. And in service attachment, having already seen roughly 500 basis points of service attach increase from the time we started the initiative three years ago, we're planning for another 100 basis points of service attachment increase in 2024. So continuing on with our commercial initiatives.
Operator: And our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: I've got a couple. Could you comment on order trends in Q4? If I missed it, I apologize. Did you see orders pick up sequentially? And how should we think about the tax rate sort of in 2025 as we work through the Pillar Two stuff. And I have one more follow-up?
Udit Batra: I'll start with the order and then I'll let Amol talk about the tax piece. Orders are in line with sales again, direct. So, no real difference between the two for Q4. And the trend from Q3 to Q4, it's almost a 15% ramp from Q3 to Q4. Same thing we saw with orders really, as expected. So, Q4 really landed as we had talked about. Amol, on tax.
Amol Chaubal: Derik, great question on tax. So, if you traced last few years with us, the tax rate has gone up roughly about 150 basis points to 200 basis points. And bulk of that is really coming from the US R&D capitalization. And as a company, we've sort of taken a position that Section 174 changes have an ongoing effect on our P&L. And absent of future legislation, we are not excluding those charges from our non-GAAP P&L, which is different from some of us in the sector. But we think those expenses are part of our non-GAAP P&L, and that's the bulk of the change.  The other things that are creeping in there is Singapore going from 0% to 5%. and Ireland adopting Pillar Two, going to 15%. I think 2025, the. big one is, will Singapore adopt and in what form and in what offsets they provide when they do adopt that. So that remains to be seen. We are closely watching that. And as that plays out, we will provide more commentary when that happens.
Derik De Bruin: One final one, if I may. Wyatt was a great deal. Nice fit in. Your leverage is down. I would expect you to potentially restart the buyback program. Could you just sort of talk about what other technologies you could potentially be thinking about in terms of how to augment. I'm just sort of curious in terms of what your capital appointment outlay is.
Udit Batra: Derik, fantastic question. our goal in bioanalytical characterization is to make it as simple as it is in small molecules. The QA/QC environment for large molecules in cell and gene therapy should become just as simple. And to do that, you need to take some high end technologies, simplify them, move them into downstream applications, so they're simple to use. LC is already there. Mass spec, the BioAccord has made great strides. Light scattering is ahead of mass spec. So it's going to enter QA/QC sooner. And there are a couple of other technologies, like Raman, like cellular analysis, that also belong in the QA/QC and the process analytical testing domain.  But all of this hinges on having a simple software that the regulators trust, like in power. So, our single largest initiative with Wyatt after delivering our commercial results is to get Wyatt light scattering software onto Empower. And we will have a beta version of that by the end of the year. And I think that's the primary requirement for QA/QC in large molecules to become like small.  So stay tuned, really exciting area. And we're investing in the future while we are navigating the present really, really carefully.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you very much. That concludes our Q&A session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Udit to deliver our closing remarks. 
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar. Thank you, Amol. Thank you, everyone, for listening. 2023 has been an unprecedented and challenging year. We've navigated extremely well. As you look at our results outside of China, every end market, every geography grew, which is unusual in this environment amongst our peer group as well. And what is even more pleasing is our focus on cost management. So, really, 70 basis points of margin expansion in the year where the top line went down dramatically is quite an achievement. And we've done that while setting ourselves up very well for the future. We expect the long term growth of our business to be very much intact and accelerate based on what Amol and I described to you.  So thank you, again, for your interest and your attention. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s call. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Ivy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter earnings call. Today, I’m joined by Dr. Udit Batra, Water’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amol Chaubal, Water’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. I would first like to point out that our earnings release and the slide presentation supplementing today’s call are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.waters.com. In this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the fourth quarter of 2023, full year 2023 and 2024. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. For more details, please see the risk factors included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs, and the cautionary language included in this morning’s earnings release. During today’s call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures including in our discussions of the results of operations. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation, which are available on the company’s website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the third quarter of fiscal year 2022 in organic constant currency terms. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today’s call are given on a comparable organic constant currency basis. Finally, we do not intend to update our guidance predictions or projections, except as part of a regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Udit to deliver our key remarks for the quarter. Then Amol will provide a more detailed look at our financial results. After, we will open up the phone lines to take questions. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning, everyone. I want to start today’s call by thanking my colleagues for remaining focused on our customers, on developing new products and supporting each other. Despite the challenging macro environment, our teams delivered a solid performance and did a great job capitalizing on the available opportunities through strong commercial execution. As headwinds from China and FX became greater, our indomitable teams rallied to drive productivity gains and margin expansion, resulting in strong adjusted earnings growth for the quarter. We launched innovative new products that address the critical unmet needs of our customers and further differentiate our revitalized portfolio in the attractive end markets that we serve. We also continue to make strong progress with Wyatt, including the launch of our first new light scattering instrument. Turning now to our results. In the third quarter, sales grew less than 1% as reported. Organic constant currency sales declined by 4%. Sales outside of China were largely at or above our expectations. However, demand in China fell beyond our expectations, which ultimately led to our sales landing at the lower end of our guide. With the U.S. dollar strengthening, the currency impact on sales for the quarter was flat versus our expectations of a 1% tailwind. Wyatt continued its strong start, contributing 4% growth to the quarter as expected. Despite the market challenges and the adverse FX impact, our expand – we expanded our gross margin percentage by 240 basis points and adjusted operating margin percentage by 380 basis points. This allowed us to deliver non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share above our expectations at $2.84, an 8% increase. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share were $2.27. Looking now at our organic constant currency results in more detail. In the Pharma segment, U.S. pharma grew 6% and Europe grew 5% with a strong continuing performance among our large to medium-sized customers despite slow funnel velocity. In China, we saw continued weakness in pharma throughout the quarter. Market challenges in China have now broadened beyond pharma and impacted both our industrial and academic and government end market results in the quarter. Overall sales in China declined approximately 30% as the demand environment further deteriorated as the quarter progressed. In the Industrial segment, China declined low-teens. Outside of China, Industrial declined 6% as growth in the quarter was subdued by a tough prior year comparison of over 20%. While the more cyclical applications in Industrial have continued to slow globally, we saw continued strong traction in PFAS and battery testing applications. In academic and government, we continued to see strong uptake of new products in Europe with low-double digit growth, and in the Americas with mid-single digit growth. However, this strength was more than offset by pronounced weakening in China, which declined over 30% now that the shipments related to last year’s stimulus program have concluded. In our core business, while the market environment has become more difficult, we continue to deliver strong commercial results. When looking at our third quarter results outside of China, our organic constant currency sales grew low-single digits year-over-year and is a healthy 7% on a two and four-year stacked basis. On a year-to-date basis, our organic constant currency growth has been mid-single digits year-over-year, excluding China and flat overall, including China. A key driver of performance for our business this year is mass spec, which is an area where we have gained share with our innovative new product portfolio. We’re also managing our P&L very effectively through focus – through our focus on operational excellence that drove strong margin performance in the quarter and year-to-date. In the third quarter, our gross margin was 59.1% a year-over-year expansion of 240 basis points. Our adjusted operating margin was 31.5%, expanding 380 basis points. Year-to-date, our results also showed substantial margin expansion with our gross margin up 160 basis points to 59% and our adjusted operating margin up 60 basis points to 29.4%. Let me talk about what drove this. First, our commercial teams have continued to achieve strong pricing results at levels that were over 250 basis points for the quarter. Second, we’re beginning to realize the productivity benefits of our focus on operational excellence and digitization. I’m excited that next month Waters will celebrate the opening of our new Global Capability Center in Bangalore, India, which will further accelerate our pursuit of digitization and operational excellence. Third, through our proactive cost actions, we have rapidly aligned resources to our long-term growth strategy. While the current market environment is challenging, the long-term fundamentals of our end markets continue to be excellent. As I mentioned last quarter, there are instrumental growth vectors to our historical 5% instrument growth that result in a great long-term growth profile for our business. This includes global prescription drug sales, which are expected to exceed historical growth rates, as well as measures we have put in place to improve pricing, where we expect to sustain a more than 100 basis point improvement versus historical levels. In addition, the growing adoption of analytical instruments in process development for large molecule therapeutics is a new growth vector for instruments such as mass spec and light scattering in our portfolio. This is only expected to strengthen as end users find value in these instruments for high volume and recurring applications such as process development, raw materials testing and quality control. The competitive edge of our revitalized portfolio also positions us well for long-term growth. Our product portfolio has been renewed in the last few years with significant innovation that is answering the critical unmet needs of our customers. This includes new launches in LC such as the Alliance iS, which we believe is the most significant innovation to hit pharma QA/QC labs in the past decade. In mass spec, the industry leading sensitivity of Xevo TQ Absolute has allowed us to gain share in the food and environmental market for PFAS related testing applications. In chemistry, our MaxPeak Premier columns have been the most successful launch in our company’s history, serving the more complex needs of large molecule separation in our customers’ labs. During the quarter, we announced two new product launches for bioanalytical characterization, including our first new instrument launch with Wyatt. We launched a new Bioprocess Walk-Up Solutions that combines our Andrew+ liquid handling robot, OneLab Software and our BioAccord LCMS system into a more automated setup that is even easier to use. Together, these new products help engineers capture high quality bioprocess and drug product data directly from upstream bioreactors such as those offered by Sartorius. It achieves this via simple workflows that automate sample prep LCMS analysis and data capture. This accelerates the upstream development of MAbs and other biologic drugs, providing more optimal clone selection that results in more effective titles and yields. Second, we launched our first new light scattering instrument within the Wyatt portfolio. DataStar is designed to measure – to precisely measure and analyze nanoparticles used in downstream biologics and material science applications. It combines three light scattering techniques into a single device, cutting measurement time by up to ten times compared to other methods, while using extremely low sample volumes. I would now like to cover our updated 2023 guidance. Growth rates in China have continued to deteriorate as the year has progressed. We expect this to decline further in the fourth quarter sequentially. We now expect China to decline approximately 25% for the year versus our prior expectations of low double digits. The result is an incremental headwind to our full year organic constant currency growth of approximately 250 basis points versus our previous guidance. As a result, we now expect our revised full year organic constant currency sales growth to be in the range of negative 2% to negative 1%. Despite the lower revenue guide, we’re continuing to proactively manage our cost structure and drive productivity expansion, resulting in no change to our expected margin percentage performance versus our previous guide. We expect our full year adjusted operating margin to be 30.5%, which is 30 basis points of expansion versus 2022. Our updated full year adjusted EPS guidance is resultantly in the range of $11.65 to $11.75. Now, I will pass the call over to Amol to continue covering our third quarter financial results in more detail and give additional commentary on our guidance. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning everyone. In the third quarter, sales grew less than 1% as reported. Organic constant currency sales declined 4% against a mid-teens growth comparison last year. Waters Division and TA both declined 4%. We saw good results again from our Wyatt acquisition, which added 4% constant currency growth and perform in line with our expectations despite the challenging environment. The impact of FX was flat in the quarter, which came in below our expectations of a 1% tailwind to as reported sales. In organic constant currency by end market, pharma declined 2%, industrial declined 8%, and academic and government declined 3%. In pharma, mid-single-digit positive growth outside of China was more than offset by continued slowdown in China pharma, which declined over 30%. In industrial, our business declined high single digits with a tough growth comparison of 22% in the prior year quarter, and due to China weakness now spilling over into non-pharma segments. We continued to see strong growth in global PFAS testing and battery testing applications. Academic and government declined 3%. Outside of China, overall A&G growth was up 8%. This was led by double-digit growth in Europe and mid-single-digit growth in the Americas. In China, A&G declined over 30% as demand fell rapidly after we completed shipments under the stimulus program in the first half of the year. By geography, sales in Asia declined 12%, the Americas was flat and Europe grew 3%. In Asia, China broadly declined. Excluding China, Asia grew 3%, which was in line with our expectations. India grew low double digits and Japan grew mid-teens. In Americas, pharma grew 6%, which exceeded our expectations as we executed very well with our large to mid pharma customers. Academic and government also grew 6%. However, strength in these two segments was offset by contraction in industrial for the quarter. In Europe, growth exceeded our expectations in pharma, which grew mid-single-digits, and academic and government, which grew 10%, while industrial decline mid-single-digits. By products and segments, instruments declined 13%. Recurring revenues grew mid-single-digits overall and high single digits outside of China. There was no change in number of days versus the prior year’s quarter. Our continued focus on operational excellence with pricing, productivity and proactive cost alignment, together with lower incentive compensation drove continued margin expansion. Gross margin for the quarter was approximately 59.1%, an expansion of 240 basis points compared to 56.7% in the third quarter of 2022. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter was approximately 31.5%, an expansion of 380 basis points compared to 27.7% in the third quarter of 2022. Our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 14.7% due to discrete items within the quarter. The average share count came in at 59.3 million shares, which is about 800,000 less than the third quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were $2.84, an increase of 8% despite flat revenue. On GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share were $2.27. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to this morning’s press release and in the appendix of our earnings call presentation. Turning now to free cash flow, capital deployment, and our balance sheet. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, and exclude special items. In the third quarter of 2023, free cash flow was $123 million, after funding $38 million of capital expenditures. Free cash flow was impacted by higher inventory balances. We maintain a strong balance sheet access to liquidity and a well-structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us to prioritize investing in growth, including M&A and returning capital to shareholders. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will meaningfully accelerate value creation. At the end of third quarter, our net debt position further declined to $2.2 billion. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 2.2. This represents a decrease of $125 million during the quarter, as we deal [ph] with the Wyatt acquisition. As previously disclosed, our share buyback program has been temporarily suspended to enable us to pay down the debt incurred as part of the Wyatt acquisition. We will evaluate resumption of our share repurchase program through the quarter and into the first half of next year. Now, I would like to provide our updated thoughts for 2023. As Udit outlined, growth rates in China have continued to deteriorate as the year has progressed. In addition, weakness in China has now broadened beyond pharma and into industrial and academic and government end markets. We expect China growth rates to sequentially decline further in the fourth quarter and now expect China to decline approximately 25% for the full year versus our prior expectations of low double digit decline. This translates to a full year growth headwind of approximately 250 basis points versus our previous guide. As a result, we are updating our full year 2023 organic constant currency sales growth guidance to the range between negative 2% and negative 1%. At current exchange rates where the U.S. dollar has strengthened against most major currencies since our last earnings call, currency translation is now expected to have a 1.5% negative impact on our full year sales, which is a 150 basis points headwind versus our prior guide. Consistent with our prior expectations, we expect the Wyatt transaction to add approximately 2.5% to our full year 2023 revenue growth. Therefore, our total reported sales growth guidance is now negative 1% to flat. As Udit covered despite incremental headwinds from China and FX, our teams have rallied to drive pricing and productivity gains. We expect this will allow us to deliver a gross margin of approximately 59% for the year, which is in line with our previous guidance and is a 100 basis points of expansion versus last year. Together with proactive cost alignment, we expect this will allow us to deliver an adjusted operating margin of approximately 30.5% for the year after funding investments in high growth adjacencies, which is also in line with our previous guide and it’s 30 basis points of expansion versus last year, we expect our full year net interest expense to be approximately $80 million. The full year tax rate is expected to remain at approximately 15.5%. Our average diluted 2023 share count is expected to be approximately 59.2 million shares. Our rolling all this together on a non-GAAP basis, our full year 2023 earnings per fully diluted share guidance is projected in the range of $11.65 to $11.75, which includes a negative currency impact of approximately 3.5 percentage points at current FX rates. Looking to the fourth quarter of 2023, we expect further weakness in China and cautious spending from our customers throughout the quarter. Hence, we expect fourth quarter organic constant currency sales growth in the range of negative 8% to negative 5%. At today’s rates currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 1.5%. While we expect Wyatt to add approximately 3.5% to our fourth quarter revenue growth. Therefore, our total fourth quarter reported sales growth guidance is negative 6% to negative 3%. Fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $3.52 to $3.62, which includes a negative impact from currency of approximately five percentage points at current FX rates. Now, I would like to turn it back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. So to summarize, despite a macro environment that has progressively weakened this year, we have continued to deliver a solid performance through our execution. We are also driving strong outcomes in our margin and earnings performance and are maintaining our full year gross margin and adjusted operating margin guidance, despite incremental headwinds from volume and FX. We have strengthened our product portfolio even further through innovation while continuing to make strong progress with our acquisition of Wyatt. Later this month, we look forward to issuing our 2023 ESG report, which is a transparent way to show our active progress each year on our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Some key highlights to expect, relate to our continued reduction of emissions, increased renewable energy use, increase of female representation in management roles, as well as the TCFD related environmental disclosures we are initiating in this year’s report. So with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Caspar.
Caspar Tudor: Thanks, Udit. That concludes our formal comments. We’re now ready to open the phone lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer portion of today’s conference. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Udit maybe one on just have the quarter progressed here. What were the exit rates and what is the Q4 guidance implying, right? Because I think the Street’s looking at sequential numbers, rate the sequential step up on a dollar basis Q3 versus Q4, where I think when you look at the growth rates year-on-year, I think your instrumentation growth is mid-teens. So I think it’s just the way we look at year-on-year versus sequential. And I think the Street’s look trying to make the comparison versus your peers and have some companies have guided sequential on a dollar basis and maybe just talk about your exit rates in third quarter? And what is Q4 as you are aiming for instrumentation?
Udit Batra: So, Vijay, thank you, and good morning. Look, I’ll give you some summary comments and Amol will talk to you about the ramp from Q3 to Q4 if I understand your question correct. When we look at the exit rates and ramp into from Q3 to Q4, we of course look at the performance as we exit Q3. This includes detailed analytics on funnel velocities across the different customer segments, includes what we’ve seen over the last 15 years as we go from Q3 to Q4, and look at that statistically. And of course, a lot of conversations with our customers and we continue to see strength relatively speaking versus our peer group in pharma, especially outside of China. And I’ll let Amol comment a little bit on the sequential ramp up.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Hey, Vijay. Good morning. Look, Vijay, I mean, on the Q3 to Q4 ramp, if you look at our last five years, we averaged roughly a 24% ramp from Q3 to Q4. And where our guide is roughly 13% to 17% ramp from Q3 to Q4. So clearly it’s fairly muted compared to historical levels. Also, if you look at last 15 years, there’ve been just a couple of years in those years, which have come in towards the bottom end of our guide. So that’s why, we feel, generally we’ve muted the ramp from Q3 to Q4. Also, Q3 baseline, which is in this ramp, reflects sort of the slower approval cycles that have been playing out throughout the year. And there’s about one extra day in Q4 this year versus the previous year. And then the last piece is, I mean, it’s based on the fact that yes, there is pain in China at this point. But then when we look at pharma in the U.S., in Europe, in Japan, in India, especially mid to large pharma, our teams are doing a great job there and driving decent outcomes.
Vijay Kumar: That’s helpful comments Udit and Amol. And one maybe, if Q4 jump off as the minus high singles organic, is China minus 25 for the year, is that done for this year or is that going to spill over into fiscal 2024? Can Waters grow next year? I feel like when I look at the margins here, obviously, leverage will be a question. But I saw that restructuring cost did tick up, so anything on – any implications for 2024 either on the top and operating leverage?
Udit Batra: So, Vijay, I’ll comment on China and just, I mean, before we get into any details, I mean, we will only comment on 2024 when we talk about next year, when we talk about Q4 earnings, right. And that’s generally been our policy. As you know, a lot has to evolve from now until the end of the year, especially in our business. So we will not comment on 2024. But on China in particular, look, the quarter – in the quarter, the business declined about 30% – in excess of 30% with pharma declining in line with what we had seen at the beginning of the year, right, with CDMOs sort of flushing out over capacity and responding to geopolitical tensions. We think that’s towards the tail end of its development. We saw biotech come under pressure. We think that’s also at the tail end of its pressure just given that high quality molecules are being funded also in China. And then the third piece was in pharma, the Branded Generic segment, which is roughly 50% of our sales in the Pharma segment in China. And this one here, there was an additional pressure that we learned about, which is the anti-corruption campaign that the Chinese government issued. So while our customers are used to value – responding to value-based pricing cuts this was a new headwind. So that is still in progress. So in all pharma, two out of three vectors are starting to subside. The third one is new over the quarter. And this is something that I learned over the last couple of months when I visited China. When switching over to other segments, look the Industrial segment, we see great growth in batteries in China, but that was not enough to offset the macro sensitive Food and Environmental segments, which dropped further in this quarter. And then finally, the Academic and Government segment, as Amol commented in the prepared remarks, we’re seeing the tail end of the benefit from the stimulus from last year and that will sort of come out of the numbers now. Now, if you put it all together and put it in perspective, we started the year with about 19%, 20% of Waters’ sales coming from China. With our current guide, we expect that to be about 12% to 13% of our overall sales. So while we remain super optimistic about what we expect in China in the future and it has become a much smaller proportion of our business than at the beginning of the – then at the beginning of the year.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to the line of Dan Brennan from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Hey guys. Thanks for the questions here. Maybe just on pharma, ex-China, obviously you kind of discussed positive trends in the quarter and kind of what you guys are expecting for the fourth quarter. But we’ve heard a lot of mixed comments in the quarter. So maybe can you just give us a flavor for maybe a little more details on [indiscernible] trends and kind of water specifically how you’re doing, you think first to [ph] broader trends. And again, maybe Amol, I know you gave some color in fourth quarter, but just how should we be thinking about pharma in the fourth quarter ex-China?
Udit Batra: So Dan, thank you for the question. Look pharma is almost a tale of two stories, right? I mean, overall, we saw the quarter decline low single digits. And in China as expected, roughly 30% or so decline that I just commented on. If we look at ex-China I mean, we’ve printed, I would say amongst our peer group, probably the most positive numbers in growth in China growing mid-single digit. And this is across Europe, across Americas and across the rest of APAC where we saw significant strength in India and Japan. And this is behind two factors. One really our new product portfolio is gaining a lot of traction, despite the slow funnel velocities that we see in mid to large pharma and additional approval levels, despite the fact that biotech came under pressure at the beginning of the year, it’s starting to see – it’s starting to become a little bit less pressured as we exit the year. So in pharma, our new product portfolio has done super well start with LC. The Alliance iS we have had significant orders. And as I mentioned, despite the macro pressures, customers have placed large orders for Alliance iS. And the funnel looks really healthy. Mass spec has been a real star for the year. And in pharma, we have specifically developed biologics applications, and you saw the recent launch of the walk-up solution for BioAccord, which should make process development even faster. The MaxPeak Premier column staying on the theme of biologics is in its third year and still growing in well into the 20% range. So been the strongest launch for us in columns for many, many years. And we recently introduced another column that is targeted towards AAV and cell and gene therapy. So really excited about what we’ve seen in pharma this year, despite a difficult environment and feel like we’re gaining share. And over the long term, pharma is – remains a source of strength. We don’t expect to grow mid-single digits. We expect to grow high single digits and double digits as we look into the future. So I’m super excited about what we are seeing in the pipelines from our customers. I mean, we are very well specked in the GLP-1s and the Alzheimer’s compounds. So really optimistic about the future and proud of the team’s execution and I would say a challenging macro environment. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Just to sort of touch on your other question. Look, I mean, pharma overall declined low single digits for us in Q3. And then for Q4, what is embedded in the guide is sort of a mid-single digit decline. Obviously that includes China. When you strip China out for the rest of the markets, the rest of the markets grew a little under mid-single digits in Q3. And then in Q4, we are expecting them to still grow, but not at the same level in Q3, a little bit less than what they grew in Q3.
Dan Brennan: Got it. No, thanks for that. And then just maybe on the instrument recurring revenue, just maybe could you just give us a little bit of an overview of kind of what you’re seeing there. Obviously trying to complicate things, but just wondering the steadiness of that recurring revenue. Like, are you seeing any changes there? Just kind of any flavor about how the quarter went and kind of what you’re seeing in the outlook for 4Q? Thanks.
Udit Batra: So let’s start with recurring and then I comment on instruments. So recurring revenue came in mid-single digits this quarter around 4%. Chemistry, low single digits at 1%, service 5%. This is globally. Now, if you strip China out recurring revenues are, again, high single digits, close to seven plus percent with chemistry in the high single digit range, service in the mid-single digit range. So really healthy growth outside of China. And then China really impacted the chemistry piece, just given the less activity that we saw with our branded generics customers. And then if I switch to Instruments. Instruments were dropped low teens globally right and similar drops across LC, mass spec and TA, so minus 14%, minus 12% something like this across the whole portfolio. But again if you strip out China which saw significant declines. And here I want to take it each in turn right. LC as we saw in the last quarter, low single digit growth outside of China. This quarter it was flat, right. So really hovering around I would say flattish growth for the last two quarters. Just as we had talked about a few quarters ago when we saw mid-teens decline in LC and customers will have to replace their fleets and we’re starting to see that happen with some large pharma customers. So you see LC is sort of hovering around flattish to low-single digit growth. Mass spec ex-China came in at about 10% decline. Now, I will remind you that same time last quarter mass spec grew almost 40%, almost 40%. Super excited about what we’ve seen with the mass spec portfolio and its adoption in virtually every account that we go and compete with the Xevo TQ Absolute we win, if you go with our bio portfolio now, especially with BioAccord, Xevo TQ, Xevo G3 QTof, we see significant seeding and adoption there. So mass spec has gone from strength to strength and we see that continuing. And TA again also declined high-single digits but again on a comp of about 20%. So if you again go back to mass spec, if you look at two-year, four-year CAGRs I mean we are well into the high-teens with mass spec growth. So quite excited about what we’ve seen with instruments and if you just again cast your eye to the longer-term trends, instruments grow roughly 5%, have grown over 5% over a long-term and we are seeing as we go forward about 100 basis points of higher pricing. We see increased prescription rates with new molecules coming through and our new product portfolio driving adoption across new segments like PFAS so excited about what we are seeing, what we’re – the execution we’re seeing with instruments across the Board and what we expect in the future to be better growth than what we’ve seen also in the past.
Operator: Next we’ll go to the line of Matt Sykes from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matt Sykes: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just first on pricing, just given the margin gains you saw this quarter in your comment about 250 basis points of price. We’ve heard from peers that sort of pricing is starting to trend back towards normalized levels and probably less of a tailwind. Could you just maybe comment on what your expectations for price are in Q4? And then as we go into 2024, how much of a tailwind do you believe pricing will continue to be for you.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, Matt, good morning, and thanks for your question. Look, I mean, ever since we went through the inflationary cycle last year, that gave us opportunity to put good systems and processes around pricing. And if you look at Waters’ history, traditionally we’ve done 50 basis points to 75 basis points. And last year was very different. And our teams have continued to execute on that sort of system and process pathway. So we started the year with about little over 200 basis points and it’s only got stronger as we came into Q3 with little over 250 basis points. And then we expect something similar in Q4, which then for the full year, we will be little over 250 basis points. And that’s sort of driving a third of our operating margin expansion for the quarter.
Udit Batra: And I think, just to conclude on this, Matt, look, pricing is dependent upon, as Amol said, good execution, good systems, good processes, but it’s equally dependent on a differentiated portfolio. We’ve renewed our full portfolio across instruments and it’s got very high receptivity from customers. So customers are responding to good innovation across instruments. But also on the column side where the stick rates are tremendous, right? I mean, with the MaxPeak Premier, with new columns introduced for AAV applications, I mean, we are highly differentiated amongst the peer groups. So we do expect pricing to stick at reasonably high levels.
Matt Sykes: Great. Thank you for that color. And then just as a follow-up, just zeroing in on China, specifically on the Industrial side, you talked about strength in batteries, but food and I believe environmental weakening in the quarter. Could you maybe talk about the dynamics there? I mean, I think that’s relatively new information relative to what we’ve been hearing and just wanted to understand the dynamics within the Industrial demand inside China and what your sort of expectations are for duration of that we had?
Udit Batra: Good one, Matt. Look, I mean, Industrial came in below our expectations for the quarter in China and that drove the weakness across the globe. And you’re right to divide it into two parts. I mean, there are the resilient segments like PFAS testing as well as batteries especially in China, where we’re seeing very good uptake. The challenge is the more macro dependent segments like materials, like food, which are also funded by the government were impacted by the slowdown of the economy. And as you look ahead, I would simply model those in proportion to the economic recovery that we would expect in China. And that’s how we’re looking at it. Now, outside of China, of course, I mean, you didn’t ask this, but outside of China, again, we saw a bit of a slowdown against very, very strong comps, right? On a long-term basis outside of China, we’re seeing mid to high-single digit growth in Industrial. I mean, you should expect a mid-single digit growth for the long-term in Industrial. But in China, for sure, there was additional weakness largely related to the macro sensitive segments like materials and food and the like.
Operator: Next we’ll go to the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. So, first one is looking at the Q3 to Q4 step down in operating expenses. How much of that was incentive comp that can come back? How much of that is going to be sustained as we look into 2024? Can you just sort of give us some thoughts on just how we should think about the operating expenses as we move in to Q4 and to next year?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, Derik, thanks for your question. I mean as we had discussed in our last earnings call, right, where we had to make some tough but necessary decisions to reduce our workforce by about 5%. And we did that at the beginning of Q3, and that resulted in approximately $10 million of savings in Q3 that is in our Q3 results. We expect for 2023, roughly $20 million. So another $10 million in Q4. And the annualized impact, which will play out next year would be about $40 million. Again, we may invest some of it to fund some of the high growth adjacencies, but before that annualized, its $40 million. And we incurred about $27 million associated with severance expenses for this restructuring, which is in our GAAP to non-GAAP adjustment. Now, keep in mind, in Q3, the way it sort of played out is we had lower volume on our organic business, so we lost some volume leverage. And so, essentially, the reduction in AIP plus the accretion for Wyatt more or less offsetted the lack of volume leverage from the underlying business. And then the three factors which are pricing, these cost actions that I just talked about, and then the underlying productivity initiatives playing out on freight and procurement and the capability center, they each contributed roughly a third of the 380 basis points.
Udit Batra: And Derik, just to conclude, sort of rather qualitatively, I mean this is in the DNA of Waters, right? I mean, we are one of the highest margin companies in the peer group. And back when I joined three years ago, people said, you can’t expand your margins. You’re maxed out. I mean, quarter-on-quarter, we continue to focus on, as Amol mentioned, really careful cost management, pricing and difficult actions when we need to take them. And the exit for the full year is around 30.5, which is 30 basis points of margin expansion, despite the fact that volume went against what we had assumed. And FX was also a headwind, right? So I mean I’m extremely grateful to all my colleagues for putting their heads down and being super responsible with costs when the volume didn’t come and we had to respond rather rapidly, right? So I wanted to make that point.
Derik De Bruin: Thanks for the clarity. Just wanted a follow-up. I appreciate that Waters has a lot of new products, and those are probably giving you a little bit more incremental growth, but I mean I’m just a little bit surprised of your guidance outside of China. These are not normal market conditions, and I know you’re putting in some conservatism, but I haven’t seen markets like this before and these swings that we’re seeing. So it’s just wondering why you guided as aggressively as you did for the fourth quarter and your competence, because it just feels like you’ve got a little bit of a budget flush that’s in there outside of China and just a little bit more clarity on that. Thank you.
Udit Batra: I think Derik, this is what Amol started with. First is the baseline from and all the input that goes into Q4, right? So we look at how the funnel velocities are. I mean, if I just stay with pharma for a minute, the quality of the orders is very high, right? Customers who place orders are actually buying. They’ve just bought over – yes, they just – the order to sales conversion is just a bit longer than it’s been in the past, right? The new products – and the new products have a lot to do with it. Customers are responding to innovation, especially in pharma, right? And you saw mid-single digit growth this quarter. So that goes into our calculations. Second, we looked at historical ramp rates, and when you look at historical ramp rates, the lower end of our guide, which is 13% ramp from Q3 to Q4 is one of the lowest in the last 15 years, right? And I appreciate I mean both of us have been in this industry for a long time, and these are unprecedented times, but this is sort of lowest – one of the lowest ramps that we’ve seen in many, many years. And then the third is customer conversations, right? So we’re talking to customers. I’m spending a lot of time with them, and it’s clear that we are seeing, I would say, asynchronous good execution in pharma. That gives us the confidence to sort of say, okay, Q4 is going to be like we have projected. And we have – that’s why we have – and largely because of the uncertainty, we have ranged the Q4 guide wider than we have in the past, right? So I appreciate your question and appreciate the historical context. We took a lot of the facts into account in guiding wider than we have in the past. And as I said, look, new products, great execution with the hand that we have, I think we’re doing extremely, extremely well, especially outside the U.S. Amol, anything else to add on the guide?
Amol Chaubal: No, no, I think you covered it.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Derik.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Rachel Vatnsdal from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. First, I just wanted to follow-up on that answer to Derik’s question around some of the order rates. You mentioned that the quality of orders have been high, but it’s just that conversion to sales is taking a little bit longer. Can you give us any stats from order rates, book-to-bills, whether that’s pharma, ex-pharma, and then looking at total world versus ex-China as well, and kind of how that’s trending into 4Q?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean, look, if you sort of see how the year has played out, we did see funnel velocity slow down across all the trade classes, especially pharma in Q1. And then as we’ve gone through Q2 and Q3, the funnel velocity has sort of stayed where it is at a higher level. So it’s taking more time for people to approve these orders. And we expect that to continue through Q4. What we haven’t seen in pharma, which is good, is we haven’t seen projects getting canceled. And so opportunities are landing, they’re just taking more time to land. And in terms of sort of sales versus orders, I mean, they’re going hand in hand. It’s not that we are meaningfully drawing down backlog in any quarter or the whole. The one place where the trajectory has changed somewhat is in the industrial trade class. And this is all outside of China I’m talking about. And there, while the funnel velocity had progressively slowed in Q1 and Q2, we hadn’t seen any opportunities getting canceled. And what we are seeing in Q3 is and again, don’t confuse this with orders. No customers are canceling orders. But when the opportunity is in the CRM system, from lead gen to conversion, we are seeing elevated levels of projects getting canceled for lack of funding or funding not available in the current year, particularly in testing labs. And that we saw sort of emerge in Q3. And then China, I mean, we’ve sort of covered that before, which is a different story, much more painful. That started in Q1 with tier 1 CDMOs and then sort of progressively went into tier 2, tier 3 CDMOs and biotechs with investor funding and then played out in branded generics with VBP and anticorruption drives, which haven’t bottomed yet and then has spilled over into the industrial and A&G, especially as the stimulus money is done for A&G.
Udit Batra: And then Rachel, just one last comment on Q3 and the ramp to Q4. I mean, the trends we are seeing in Q3, what gives us confidence, especially in pharma and with mass spec, with LC, that they’ll persist is we saw exactly the same thing in Q2. And I think we probably had the same discussion, why are we seeing better performance in pharma than the peer group? Why are we seeing LCs sort of flatten out? It’s the same reasoning and we’re seeing the same customer feedback. So I think it’s reasonable to project that into Q4.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to Eve Burstein from Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Eve Burstein: Hi, there. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Two questions. One, both high growth, growth adjacency related. So for Wyatt, it seems not to have felt as much pressure as your core instruments. And it makes sense that there wouldn’t have been as much COVID pull forward there as in LC, for example. But are you still seeing lengthening sales cycles and some of those same signs of demand weakness for Wyatt Technology? And then for the other high growth adjacencies, you’ve mentioned a couple of times about reinvesting funding investments affecting your adjusted operating margin. Can you talk about how the pressures in the industry and pressures on your top line have potentially lengthened some of the timelines that you’re looking at to go after those high growth adjacencies?
Udit Batra: Thanks for the question, Eve. I’ll start with the Wyatt question. Look, I mean, we’re very pleased with the way the integration is going. I mean, that should be the general takeaway and you can see that in the facts, right, basically a 4% contribution this quarter and 2.5% for the year. So we think we are going to deliver that. And when you look at the drivers, the integration is growing faster than we had initially even imagined. There are exactly the same headwinds. The funnel velocities are longer. It is taking more time for customers to place orders. But number one, given the larger commercial field force that Waters had, we were able to use that to generate a lot more leads for our light scattering instruments from Wyatt, which are highly differentiated in the market. So as we got more leads, we got more conversions and the funnels moving nicely through. Second, we’ve spent a lot of time in making it easier for customers to connect Waters as LCs to multi-angle light scattering instruments from Wyatt, and that’s well ahead of target. And third, we had talked earlier when we talked about the synergy contributions, we had talked about columns from Waters being substituted for other competitors columns and that’s gone extremely well. So every light scattering equipment that is sold now is sold with a Waters SEC column, which are the best-in-class. So integration going very well, but the largest driver, I would say, of short-term results and overcoming the obvious headwinds is the larger number of leads that are Waters account managers have provided the Wyatt specialists. And as you look ahead, I mean, really optimistic about what we are seeing with the collaboration across the two organizations. Our Wyatt colleagues were present at the Innovation Summit recently, which basically invites over 300 or so R&D scientists around the globe for a hybrid session. We had many posters from Wyatt colleagues looking at collaborations across the organization. So I’m extremely pleased with where things are going. And we recently launched the ZetaStar, which combines three light scattering technologies into one. So Wyatt’s going extremely well, and thank you for the opportunity to expound on that. Now, on the high growth adjacencies, the 30.5% operating margin that we are committing to for the full year includes the 70 to 80 basis points that we had said that we would invest, we had started to invest that early in the year. We are seeing very nice outcomes of that, especially in our clinical business where the team has developed many, many assays, simplified workflows for difficult to do experiments with LCMS and making it a much more easier experiment for customers who want to use LCMS in specialty diagnostics areas like for Alzheimer’s testing – like for testing antibodies for Alzheimer’s as just a case in point. So the high growth adjacencies are delivering. Now we will look at the net picture as we look at the full year and how it lands and we will talk about how we’re going to invest and continue to invest in the high growth adjacencies as we give guidance at the beginning of next year.
Eve Burstein: Next, we’ll go to the line of Catherine Schulte from Baird. Please go ahead.
Catherine Schulte: Hey, guys, thanks for the questions. Maybe first just to touch on some of your commercial initiatives here, any comments on service attachment rates and e-commerce trends and how those are tracking relative to your expectations?
Udit Batra: Yes. So service attachment rates – So Catherine, thank you for the question. Service attachment rates are well ahead of target. You’ll remember that we committed to 100 basis points of increase in attachment rates. We’re well ahead of that. So we’ll likely exit the year with 200 basis points of increase in service attachment rates. And you would see that in the growth that is being seen, especially outside of China for service, which is basically high single digit growth for year-to-date and the balance of the year. So service is going quite well. On e-commerce as well, we’ve gone from about 20%, 25% of products going through e-commerce to well in excess of 30%, closer to 35% now that the team is highly focused on that. I mean, as you can imagine, given the slowdown in the overall market, our Chemistry portfolio has still done pretty well and the Chemistry portfolio is benefiting from additional products going through e-commerce. So Chemistry is currently growing high single digits and benefiting from the additional focus on e-commerce.
Catherine Schulte: Okay, great. And then you had impressive operating margin results in the third quarter. I think to get to your 30.5 for the full year, that implies somewhere between 33% and 34% in the fourth quarter. I know fourth quarter margins are often seasonally high, but should we think of the 31.5 that we saw in the third quarter as a jumping off point for 2024 or just walk through the moving pieces there? Thanks.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean, look, if you look at how we’ve performed in adversity, like last year, there was tremendous inflationary pressure and dollar kept becoming stronger and stronger, right. And despite all of that, our teams rallied to find pricing gains and productivity gains and sort of land a margin equal or better than the prior year. And then this year, again, we’ve sort of gone through demand challenges and then also further strengthening of U.S. dollar. And despite that, we found ways to defend margin through pricing, through productivity, through cost alignment. So we really feel good about how our teams have responded in these situations. Now, as you look at 2024, I mean, as Udit outlined, right, it’s a little early because we want to see how the next two months play out. They are a big part of our year. We are also just rolling up our bottoms up AOP, and we want to sort of review that before we sort of talk about 2024. So like we always do at our Q4 earnings call, we will provide more details and guidance for 2024.
Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time we have for questions.
Udit Batra: Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support and interest in Waters. A replay of this call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. This concludes our call, and we look forward to seeing you at future events and conferences.
Operator: Thank you all for joining. That concludes the Waters Corporation third quarter 2023 financial results conference call. You may disconnect at this time and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s call. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Caspar Tudor, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Ivy. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter earnings call. Today, I’m joined by Dr. Udit Batra, Water’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amol Chaubal, Water’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. In this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results and commentary on potential market and business conditions that impacts Waters Corporation over the third quarter of 2023 and full year 2023. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. For more details, please see the risk factors included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs, and the cautionary language included in this morning’s earnings release. During today’s call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures including in our discussions of the results of operations. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation, which are available on the company’s website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal year 2022 in organic constant currency terms. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today’s call, are given on a comparable organic constant currency basis. Finally, we do not intend to update our predictions or projections, except as part of a regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Udit to deliver our key messages for the quarter. Then Amol will provide a more detailed look at our financial results. After, we will open up the phone lines to take questions. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar and good morning everyone. Before diving into the results, I would like to start by saying that I'm very proud of how our teams have executed this quarter. We delivered a solid performance across our end markets despite a challenging environment and a stronger-than-expected slowdown in China. Our revitalized portfolio is driving results in areas of high unmet need as our newly launched products continue to gain traction and we're well-positioned for future growth as we make meaningful progress and make further investment in our high-growth adjacencies. Turning to our results. In the second quarter, we delivered at the high end of our guidance with 3% organic constant currency growth. We also had a great start to the Wyatt acquisition, which performed ahead of expectations and contributed 2% growth for the quarter. Overall, constant currency growth was 5% and our as-reported growth was 4%. Our organic constant currency performance was led by strong growth in the Industrial segment, which grew low double-digits and the academic and government segment, which grew over 20%. In both of these end markets, mass spec grew over 40%, as our revitalized portfolio saw continued strong demand. In the pharma segment, which declined 4%, both the US and Europe grew high single-digits, showing initial signs of recovery in pharma spend. However, this was more than offset by significant worsening in the China pharma market as weakness broadened beyond CDMOs. The weakness in China also impacted our instrument growth, which declined 2% in the quarter. When excluding China, instrument growth was 8%, led by mid-teens instrument growth in the US and low double-digit growth in Europe. Meanwhile, our recurring revenue grew high single-digits, driven by increased service plan attachment and chemical e-commerce adoption. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share came in above our expectations at $2.80, driven by operational excellence across pricing and procurement as well as our cost actions. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted shares were $2.55. Despite the challenging macro conditions, our commercial execution remains strong. So far this year within instruments, mass spec has grown high-teens on both a year-over-year and two-year stack basis as our commercial teams have capitalized on the strength of our renewed product portfolio. Our TA instruments division has also seen strong results despite macro challenges, having grown low double-digits year-over-year and on a two-year stack basis. Our commercial initiatives and strong execution have enabled high single-digit growth in recurring revenue. We have already achieved our goal of increasing service plan attachment by a further 100 basis points in 2023. We're now targeting an additional 100 basis points of expansion over the remainder of the year. The strength of our execution and the quality of our service offering is helping us drive this growth, and there is further runway ahead. Price is also a key part of our execution where we built commercial muscle and discipline in recent years. We've achieved strong results in price over 200 basis points so far this year. With our operational excellence, we expect to meaningfully expand our margins this year. For the first half of 2023, our gross margin is 58.9%, which is an expansion of 110 basis points versus the first half of 2022  For the full year, we expect to deliver a gross margin of 59%, which is 100 basis points of expansion versus last year. We also expect to deliver an operating margin of 30.5% this year, which is 30 basis points higher than last year. Our revitalized portfolio is also driving results in areas of high unmet need. I would like to share a few specific examples. First, in the industrial segment, we're seeing strong growth in PFAS testing, and we are towards the beginning of a multiyear growth opportunity. Our growth in PFAS testing is twice as fast as the 20% estimated market growth rate as we continue to take share with our Xevo TQ Absolute mass spec. In the academic and government segment, our high-res mass spec portfolio is seeing strong adoption at a time where global funding for R&D applications continues to be elevated. Select Series MRT is unique in the high-res mass spec market due to its enhanced resolution at high speeds, which gives it unique capabilities for metabolomics and imaging applications where throughput requirements are high.\ At ASMS recently, we announced new enhancements for the MRT, which increases imaging resolution by 50% and boost sample throughput even further. Earlier this year, we launched Alliance iS, which we believe is the most significant innovation to hit pharma QA/QC in the past decade. We've continued to see strong interest in its launch and several customers have already made plans to replace their LCs with this new industry leading platform. We now have not one but two new industry-leading LCs for QA/QC applications in pharma, Alliance iS and Arc HPLC. Both of these instruments answer significant unmet needs in the market, which continue to drive long-term growth in instrument replacement. And in our TA division, new product launches such as powder reology accessory and the battery cycle microcalimeter have supported growth in battery testing for electric vehicles. Battery testing is a fast growing market, and we are well-positioned to support demand for characterization that will lead to safer and better performing batteries. The strong results we've achieved in growing markets like batteries have allowed us to deliver double-digit growth in TA so far this year despite the challenging environment. We remain well-positioned for future growth and the long-term fundamentals of our business have never been better. While instruments are always prone to short-term fluctuations in spending patterns, instrument growth has been highly resilient on a long-term basis with average growth of about 5%. As we look ahead, the demand profile for our instruments has only strengthened versus this historical trend. Total global prescription drug sales, which is a key driver of instrument volume growth are expected to exceed historical growth rates for the foreseeable future. And our potential is further enhanced by the measures we have put in place to improve pricing where we expect to sustain 100 to 200 basis points improvement versus historical levels. In addition, the growing adoption of analytical instruments in process development and process optimization of large molecule therapeutics is a new growth vector for our business. Here, novel modalities require more advanced characterization techniques like mass spec and light scattering that have not been used in the past. We believe that this trend will not only continue, but will also pave the way for adoption of analytical instruments in high-volume, recurring applications and large molecule manufacturing. We expect this to occur as they become embedded within process control, QA/QC and raw material testing over time. We remain focused on nurturing this growth opportunity with our continued investment in bioanalytical characterization and bio separations. In bioanalytical characterization, which is a $1.8 billion total addressable market with a 10% to 12% projected annual growth rate, we've been investing both organically and inorganically. We recently closed the acquisition of Wyatt, which expands our ability to characterize large molecules across various stages of production beyond that of what we can do with LC-UV and LC mass spec alone. We also recently announced an expansion in our collaboration with Sartorius from upstream development into downstream manufacturing. So far, in upstream process development, we've demonstrated that bearing BioAccord Arc line with the Sartorius Ambr 15 and 250 bioreactors has enabled bioprocess engineers to accelerate clone selection results from weeks to a matter of hours. Now our expanded collaboration will integrate our technologies further. We will develop analytical solutions that are in line and offer real-time monitoring of process controls and critical quality attributes in the bioreactor. By offering bioprocess engineers access to comprehensive analytical data for downstream batch and continuous manufacturing, we can support improved yields while reducing waste and lowering biomanufacturing costs. Finally, in Bioseparations, which is a $1.4 billion total addressable market with an 8% to 10% projected annual growth rate, we recently announced a multi-year research collaboration with Princeton University. The goal of this partnership is to advance research and drug discovery and development using novel bioseparation techniques that we're developing for large complex biomolecules. We also just introduced our first release in the new line of size exclusion chromatography columns, which are designed for the separation and analysis of viral vectors in applications such as gene therapy. Our new XBridge Premier GTx BEH SEC columns reduced the cost of gene therapies by using 3 to 10 times less sample than other methods, while generating faster results and providing more drug substance information. They can measure aggregation, titer and low molecular weight impurities at twice the speed of existing column at 50% greater resolution. The combination of these columns with wired multi-angle light scattering will deepen the level of information that can be acquired from a single experiment. This will accelerate development times of modalities such as adeno-associated viruses or AAV and allow for more optimized manufacturing, which can reduce costs. Turning now to our updated 2023 guidance. The slowdown in the pharma end market in China has progressed beyond CDMOs resulting in broader weakness. As a result, we now expect China to decline low double digits this year versus our prior expectation of low digit -- low single-digit growth. This translates to a full year growth headwind of approximately 200 basis points versus our previous guide. Our guide does not assume any benefit from a new round of stimulus in the second half of the year. While our funnel remains healthy, we also continue to see slower than usual funnel velocity from customers more broadly. Assuming that, this trend continues through the rest of the year, we expect this to translate to a full year growth headwind of approximately 100 basis points versus our previous guide. As a result, we now expect our revised full year organic constant currency growth to be in the range of 0.5% to 1.5%. Despite our lower revenue guide, we are proactively managing our cost and productivity while continuing to preserve our investments in future growth. In July, we made some very difficult but necessary decisions to realign the workforce in our core business, which impacted just under 5% of our employees. These actions allow us to better align our resources with our growth strategy and offset the incremental demand weakness that I just described. This, together with our focus on operational excellence across pricing and procurement is expected to deliver a gross margin of 59% this year, an increase of 100 basis points versus 2022. We also expect to expand our operating margin approximate to approximately 30.5%, which is an increase of 30 basis points versus 2022. These actions allow us to mitigate EPS headwind from lower expected revenue, resulting in our updated full year EPS guidance of $12.20 to $12.30. Now, I will pass the call to Amol to continue covering our second quarter financial results and give additional commentary on our guidance. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, sales grew 4% as reported. Organic constant currency sales grew 3% as Waters division grew 2% and TA grew 11%. We had a great start to the Wyatt acquisition, which exceeded our expectations and added 2% constant currency sales growth. FX was a 1% headwind in the quarter. In organic constant currency by end market, Pharma declined 4%, industrial grew 11% and academic and government grew over 20%. In pharma, high single-digit growth in the U.S. and Europe, was more than offset by a pronounced slowdown in China pharma, which declined over 40%. In industrial, Waters Division and TA both grew low double digits with broad strength across all regions. In our Water business, strength was led by food and environmental testing where we saw continued strong growth in global PFAS testing applications driven by our Xevo TQ Absolute mass spectrometer. In TA, growth was led by thermal analysis and microcalorimetry. We again saw strong demand in secular growth drivers such as batteries and electronics testing, which more than offset weakness in more cyclical revenues from materials and chemicals. In academic and government, there was continued strong demand in upstream applications from our refreshed mass spec portfolio supported by elevated funding levels across the globe. Mass spec sales more than doubled in the U.S., grew approximately 50% in Europe and grew 30% in Asia. By product, strength was led by our high-res mass spec portfolio with applications in metabolomics and spatial biology, resulting in strong growth for cyclic IMS and Select Series MRT. Now by geography, sales in Asia declined 5%, the Americas grew 7% and Europe grew 9%. In Asia, China declined high-teens. Excluding China, Asia grew 6%, with India growing high single digits and Japan growing mid single digits. In the Americas, pharma grew 6%, led by 7% growth in the U.S., industrial grew 3% and academic and government grew almost 30%. In Europe, pharma grew 7%, industrial grew 6% and academic and government grew over 35%. In both Americas and Europe, these results reflect two-year stacked growth of high single digits or above across each of the end markets. By products and services, instrument declined 2% overall as mass spec growth of almost 20% and double-digit growth in TA Instrument Systems was more than offset by China pharma demand weakness led by LC. Recurring revenues grew high single digits. Chemistry growth was supported by continued strength in MaxPeak Premier columns, which grew over 50% in the quarter. Service growth continues to be supported by strong pull-through from recent instrument sales and increasing service plan attachment, which has already increased by another 100 basis points in the first half of the year. There was no change in the number of days versus the prior year quarter. Gross margin for the quarter was approximately 59.3%, an expansion of 230 basis points compared to 57% in the second quarter of 2022. Operating margin for the quarter was approximately 29.6%, an expansion of 120 basis points compared to 28.4% in the second quarter of 2022. Our margin expansion was driven by strong operational performance with pricing gains, lower material and freight costs as well as prudent management of spend. Our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 17.2%. Average share count came in at 59 million shares, which is about 1.5 million less than the second quarter of last year. On non-GAAP -- our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share was $2.80. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share was $2.55. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning and in the appendix of our earnings call presentation. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excludes special items. In the second quarter of 2023, free cash flow was $73 million after funding $47 million of capital expenditures. Free cash flow is impacted by higher inventory balances, timing of income tax payments and wire transaction expenses. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and a well-structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us the ability to prioritize investing in growth, including M&A and returning capital to shareholders. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will meaningfully accelerate value creation in well thought-out, attractive adjacent markets. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position was approximately $2.3 billion, which is a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 2.3. This represents an increase of $1.3 billion during the quarter, which is related primarily to the Wyatt acquisition. As we previously disclosed, we have temporarily suspended our share buyback program for the remainder of the year to use our free cash flow to delever the acquisition. Now I would like to provide our updated thoughts for 2023. As Udit outlined, the slowdown in China pharma has progressed beyond CDMOs, resulting in broader weakness. As a result, we now expect China to decline low double digits this year versus our prior expectation of low single-digit growth. This translates to a full year growth headwind of approximately 200 basis points versus our previous guide. Additionally, while our funnel remains strong, we are observing longer capital purchasing approval cycles amongst our customers broadly due to spending caution in the current environment. We expect these dynamics to continue through the rest of the year and contribute an additional 100 basis points full year growth headwind versus our previous guide. As a result, we are updating our full year 2023 organic constant currency sales growth guide to 0.5% to 1.5%, which translates to a 2-year stack growth of approximately 6% to 6.5%. At current rates, currency translation is expected to have a minimal impact on the full year sales. Consistent with our prior expectations, we expect wire transaction to add approximately 2.5% to our full year 2023 revenue growth. Therefore, our total reported sales growth guidance is now 3% to 4%. We expect gross margin to be approximately 59% for the year, which is 100 basis points expansion versus last year and is higher than our previous guide. We expect operating margin to be approximately 30.5%, which translates to 30 basis points of margin expansion versus last year. Cost actions in our core business are expected to deliver approximately $45 million in annualized savings and are expected to contribute $20 million in 2023, predominantly in the fourth quarter. We will progressively redeploy part of these savings to resource our growth strategy and to expand capacity on high-growth end market opportunities. We expect our full year net interest expense to be approximately $80 million. The full year tax rate is expected to remain at approximately 15.5%. Our average diluted 2023 share count is expected to be approximately 59 million, given the temporary suspension of our share repurchase program. Rolling all this together, on a non-GAAP basis, our full year 2023 earnings per fully diluted share guidance is projected in the range of $12.20 to $12.30, which includes a negative currency impact of approximately 1 percentage point at the current FX rates. Looking to the third quarter of 2023, we expect the current market dynamics to persist in China. We also expect cautious spending from our customers throughout the quarter. Hence, we expect third quarter organic constant currency sales growth of negative 4% to negative 2%, which translates to two-year stacked growth of approximately 5.5% at midpoint, given the mid-teens comp from last year. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to add approximately 1% and we expect to Wyatt to add 4% to our third quarter revenue growth. Therefore, our total third quarter reported sales growth guidance is 1% to 3%. Third quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $2.50 to $2.60 with a neutral currency impact. Now, I would like to turn it back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. Even through challenging times in the macroeconomic environment, we continue to come together as an organization to ensure we leave this world better than we found it. With our vibrant employee circles, we recently celebrated Pride Month as well as our Fantastic Women in Engineering. We also kicked off our third year of Water Student Academy, a summer program for high school students from underserved communities who are interested in exploring a career in science. We're also very proud recognized as one of US News & World Report Best Companies to Work For. So, with that, I'll turn the call back over to Caspar.
Caspar Tudor: Thanks Udit. That concludes our formal comments, and we are now ready to open the phone line to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We would now open the lines for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a pretty impressive second quarter print here. Udit, my first one for you, mass spec was the star 19%. What is the mass spec CAGR here on a pre-pandemic 2019 basis? Could you just comment on orders and backlog? Would it be presuming for instrumentation and outlook here as you look at the back half?
Udit Batra: Thank you for your question Vijay and good morning. Firstly, on mass spec. Over the long-term, so over two years -- just to answer your question, over the two-year CAGR is in the high teens, the four-year CAGR is in the high single-digits to double-digits. The story with mass-spec, Vijay, is twofold. One is of execution and the other one is of the traction of our new products. On the new products, we launched the Xevo TQ Absolute, which meets significant unmet needs in the PFAS area where we're growing double the rate of the market. I think we've heard the market grows roughly 20%. We're growing double that rate. In that particular market, our mass spec instruments are seeing terrific, terrific traction in the high-risk space where there's additional funding that academic institutions have. And as you move to the biologics area and bioprocessing our LCMS tools like the BioAccord and the enhanced workflows that we've developed are gaining traction. So if you compare our 20% print in this quarter or year-to-date or even versus last year on stacked, it compares very favorably to some of the peers who -- some of the mass spec heavy peers who have already reported their results. So we feel very good that we're gaining share in this market. And mass spec goes from strength to strength. And to your question now on overall instruments, look, take a step back and when you look at the overall instrument performance for this quarter, it's roughly two -- roughly negative 2%. Now this is an illustration of two things: one, strong execution and traction of innovation in the US and Europe and, of course, additional weakness in China. Let me comment on both. Starting with US and Europe, instrument growth rate in the United States was roughly 15%. Europe was 11%. And China, of course, declined close to 25% for the quarter for overall instruments. Now if you look at it from a portfolio perspective, we've already discussed mass spec. Mass spec to 20%. TA continued to grow double-digit in this quarter, and this is basically meeting unmet needs in the battery segment and several other segments in addition to strong execution. You move to LC. And again, let me double quick on this to illustrate my point on execution and a bit of recovery that we're seeing in US and Europe. Whereas in China, we saw LC get significantly worse, minus 40-ish percent growth. In the US and in Europe, we started to see growth again basically 4% -- 3%, 4% growth in both of those geographies. And you'll recall, in the first quarter call, we talked about our conversations with several for large pharma customers, and I have personally spoken to them. And the quality of the orders that we saw from an instrument perspective was terrific. It was just that the funnel velocity was lower, right? So the funnel velocity is still lower, and that's the assumption for the back half of the year. But we are seeing those orders -- we saw those orders come through this quarter. In fact, we won several competitive bids with -- give you an example of one of the largest GLP-1 manufacturers, this is the anti-obesity drug, where we won a competitive bid and our UPLCs are going to be not just with the originator, but also with all the CDMOs who are going to manufacture this product. And the same thing is true for columns. So instrument growth rate has been -- again, it's a tale of two sort of stories where US and Europe are seeing a nice recovery, good execution, great traction of new products and a little bit of lack of visibility in China, especially in pharma. And then I think finally, in the prepared remarks, we showed you the long-term growth rate of instruments, roughly 5-ish percent CAGR with a 60-ish percent gross margin and the low SG&A, I mean, I'll take that business any day. Now if you compare it to historical trends, we see additional vectors for growth. Pricing is better than we've seen in the past by 100 to 200 basis points. We see prescription growth rates are going up, which is the single largest driver for growth of LCs, and we see additional users, especially in large pharma, environmental and food testing. So I hope that gives you a picture of our mass spec as well as our instrument growth rate and why we are positive about that business.
Vijay Kumar: That's extremely helpful, Udit. Amol, one for you. When I look at the third quarter guidance versus fourth quarter implied there's a pretty big sequential step up in Q4, both on the organic and even more impressive on the EPS line. Maybe just talk about the fourth quarter implied assumptions here. What's driving the sequential strength?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, a couple of things there, Vijay, right. I mean the step up on the growth is purely related to the baselining. So, if you look at it on a two-year or a four-year stacked basis, Q3 and Q4 guide is pretty consistent. So, on a four-year stack basis, both Q3 and Q4 are growing 6%. Two, if you sort of look at the ramp-up in dollar million sales. I mean we typically do 24% of our full year revenue in Q3 and about 30% in Q4. And so the guide is sort of consistent with that, with sort of tad caution on Q3. And so that's sort of consistent with the past. And it also sort of accounts for the fact that whatever we see in Q3 in terms of China slowdown and cautious spending with pharma will continue into Q4. And then as you look into Q4 EPS, you see a steep ramp versus last year of about 15% growth, but again, there are various factors that are contributing to it. I mean as Udit outlined, we've taken cost actions and a predominant portion of those cost action savings will show up in Q4. That, coupled with productivity gains that our teams have managed across pricing, across materials and freight, across other areas of procurement, those two things together, we get about 5% of that growth coming from the cost actions, another 3% to 4% of that growth coming out of productivity. So, that's the big portion of the 15% increase that you see in the EPS in Q4. The rest is there is 3% FX benefit. Wyatt is normal dilutive in Q4, so there is a net neutral impact there. And then there is the lower share count, about 1.5% underlying sales growth.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Luke Sergott from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Luke Sergott: Awesome. Thanks. I guess, can we just dig in here from the drivers of the guide for the full year and for the remaining back half? And if you guys have any further deterioration in any of the markets baked in?
Udit Batra: So, I'll start, and then I'll let Amol comment, Luke. Thank you for the question. I mean just starting with the second quarter first and how that plays out for the balance of the year, right? I mean in the second quarter, you saw roughly 3% growth. And it's sort of different in the US, Europe and China, right? In US and Europe, we see roughly 7%-ish growth and in China, we see continued decline of close to mid-teens. And as you now look at the balance of the year, we are starting to see a bit of a recovery, both in US and Europe. And I commented earlier to Vijay's question also on what we saw on instruments. But where we sit right now, we feel China has deteriorated further and there's a bit of lack of visibility. What we saw with CDMOs has now permeated into the rest of the pharma industry. So, we've decreased our guide overall by 300 basis points, 200 basis points of that is additional China slowdown. And we -- while the orders are very strong, while the execution is extremely strong in -- across the globe, new products are gaining traction. We think the funnel velocity has been slower towards the end of Q2, and we've used that projection for the balance of the year. So we've taken down the guide an additional 100 basis. So that's a 300 basis point drop versus what we told you in Q1 on the top line. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. And I mean if you sort of go through the individual components, right, China, as we said, is a low double-digit growth for the full year. It's slightly more elevated in the second half versus the first half in our guide assumptions. Rest of the world in the first half grew mid-single digits. The assumption for the second half is low single-digits. LC sort of grew mid-teens decline in the first half, and that's sort of also our second half assumption versus mass spec and TA. Just given the situation, and we've reduced it to sort of low to mid-single-digit growth for the second half of the year. So as you see, I mean, we've sort of risk-adjusted a big portion of our second half of the year given what's playing out in the market.
Luke Sergott: All right. And then you guys have been operating in China for a while. You have a lot of history there. Can you just give us a sense of the -- how quickly the various end markets can bounce back? Like what you've seen in the past? And what you're hearing from the boots on the street over there?
Udit Batra: Luke, that's a good question. And I don't think you'll hear us saying a lot different than what you've heard from many of our peers, right? In the long-term, China is a terrific growth market, we all know, right? And you've seen that through the history. But we saw in the second quarter a mid-teens decline in China. CDMOs got worse and people are just cautious, super cautious in spending in our pharma customers, across the traditional Chinese medicine customers, you see that permeating across the board. And it's not clear when that opens up. So we've assumed that for the full year, China is going to decline low to mid-double digits. Now when you look at -- and we've also not assumed that another stimulus is coming to grow the ANG market, and we've seen pretty dynamic growth for the first half of the year, that was driven by the stimulus that came late last year, and we've assumed that there's no stimulus coming for the balance of the year until we have clear visibility. So you've seen we've been very careful and cautious, but there's not a heck of a lot of visibility. What I'd like to remind you, though, from a Waters-specific case from 2016 to 2020, whenever Waters grew and whenever Waters growth rate fell, it was all correlated to China. This is very different now. We see that the US and Europe 2020, 2021 and now also 2022 and 2023, we seen US and Europe grow and contribute to growth really, really well in addition to China. So we feel that the business is very nicely diversified, and we see that we have growth in other geographies. And I'll conclude by saying China remains a dynamic market. Our teams have visited four to five times. The global teams have visited four to five times since the last time we spoke. And on the ground, you see incredible, incredible collaboration with our customers. You see, especially in the batteries market, China is well advanced of US and Europe, and we think the adoption for our TA products is going to grow much faster in China. If you go to the specialty diagnostics arena, China again, has been a front runner in adoption of mass spec in the clinical space, and we are working with several collaborators there to introduce our high-end mass specs in that workflow. And it's a matter of time that China will recover. We feel we are very well positioned to capitalize on it when it does. But in the short-term, you will not hear us say anything different about the visibility for the balance of the year than what you've already heard.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Dan Brennan from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks. Solid quarter. So, question would be on the guidance, I think. I think the question we'll probably get is after solid Q2 kind of is the guide derisked enough and it kind of makes it more difficult to parse out the super lead China and obviously, Europe and US doing better than I think we expected. So, can you just speak to a little bit again? I know you've given some color already and the comps make it difficult to kind of get a trend line here. But like how should we think about the extent of maybe a cushion that's kind of assumed in the back half of the year or just kind of the confidence in the back half of your guide?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, Dan, look, I mean we looked at how things have progressed through Q2. And if you look at the regions, even outside China, we have meaningfully reduce our outlook for those regions. As I said before, those regions grew mid-single-digits. Outside China, we are now estimating low single-digits. Instruments declined low single-digits. We are assuming for the second half, it will decline mid-single-digits as growth normalizes for mass spec and TA. Even recurring revenues, we've sort of stepped them down from mid to high single-digits to mid-single-digits for the second half. And we sort of assumed A&G and industrial normalize in the second half of the year. Now, based on those assumptions, we think it's reasonable given how things are playing out, I think the one wildcard still remains how out of China plays out in Q3 and Q4 because we know China goes down fast, but it also comes back fast. We haven't assumed any second half China stimulus in our number. So, if that comes, it will be an upside. But otherwise, we feel comfortable where our guide is for Q3 and for the second half.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you. And then maybe a I think US and EU pharma results here look really solid. I guess it's a little different in the early start of Q2 earnings season from peers that have kind of been talking now for the more. Just again, the business mix to currently make it difficult if you like direct read process. But do you think you guys are gaining share as related to maybe different business making comps? And then kind of what's assumed at the back half of the year for the US and European pharma? Thanks.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, I mean, Dan, look, I mean our teams in US and Europe see an exceedingly great job in Q2. Our win rates were up. They positively surprised us with great outcomes with the level of growth that they manage, right? As we look into the second half for those teams, right now, we've sort of tapered the guidance down to low single-digit growth in those regions. But the way our teams are executing in these markets gives us great confidence that they will be able to do a great job in these markets as things start to come back.
Udit Batra: Yes. And Dan, your line was breaking up a little bit. If I understand the question, you wanted a bit more color on pharma. And I guess you could ask, hey, you're seeing good trends in pharma or at least some recovery in both US and Europe. And recall that we talked about this in Q1, where we said we had conversations with large pharma players, and it was not a question of what, it was just a question of when they would place orders and some of those orders came through in Q2 and some fairly significant orders, right? I mentioned GLP-1 agonist. We are the UPLC of choice for a very large pharma manufacturer. In fact, both of them who are making GLP-1s columns replaced -- in our competitors' column, which is a rare, rare thing that happens in the industry because the customer said they wanted full end-to-end visibility on the supply chain. We are the only player in the industry who manufactures our own particles, our own columns, full end-to-end, and that gives us significant strength, right? So we saw share gain in pharma. We saw new products gaining traction in the bioprocessing arena. And you would have seen that we've just launched a column that is specifically targeted towards separating Adeno-Associated Virus. These are viral vectors used for set of gene therapy. And it brings me great pleasure to say that these are columns that are attached to our mouse [ph] instruments. So we are really executing well in pharma, wherever we have ability to access our customers and customers are purchasing. And new products are gaining traction. So for the second half of the year, we've just said, look, let's not just use one data point to extrapolate. We're looking for more data points, even in US and Europe, and we will gain even more confidence. But from where I sit today, I see excellent execution, excellent new product traction both in US and in Europe. And in China, like I said before, our visibility is just as much as others. And when China recovers, we'll execute like we're executing in U.S. and in Europe.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my call. Just out of curiosity, how much backlog work down left over stimulus spending did you see in Q2? And just sort of like what were orders coming through and what was sort of like -- was anything worked down as you have any backlog that got pushed?
Udit Batra: So Derik, thanks for the question. We saw very modest drawdown in backlog orders were largely in line with sales for the quarter, and we see the same thing happening for the full year. That's the same assumption. So again, an indicator that says, like to the previous question, indicator that says that, look, trends are improving, especially in the US and in Europe for our large pharma customers and other customers. But yes, in this quarter, basically very modest single digit -- low single-digit million drawdown of backlog and the same assumption for the balance of the year.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. On the academic market, just out of curiosity, are you doing -- are you seeing any pull forward in spending? I mean, obviously, there's some worries about budgets and things. Are you seeing any sort of pull forward your customers they look?
Udit Batra: Derik, as a former academic myself, I can tell you we spend when we get the money. And when you get money like we like the academician are getting now, my old professors, my own colleagues, they spend as soon as they get it, right? So it pull forward or is it catch up, you cannot tell. It's a very -- it's a very volatile market. It goes up dramatically. It goes down dramatically. And it is correlated to only one thing, stimulus. And it is correlated to only one thing, stimulus. And you see stimulus coming across the globe. And what we've seen is dynamic growth in the US and Europe. And again, our mass spec portfolio -- the high res mass spec portfolio, our UPLC, our columns have done extremely, extremely well in this market around the globe, and we've won competitive bids across the board. So, I feel very good about our portfolio in that market, although it's a volatile market, it correlates very heavily with funding. I don't think it is catch up or pull forward. It is just opportunistic. When it comes, professors have money, and they buy. And I've done that myself as a previous academician.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matt Sykes: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just the first one on Wyatt, just the -- it's obviously outperforming your sort of initial expectations. Maybe talk about some of the drivers that you're seeing that's contributing to that outperformance? And you had mentioned when you had talked about the synergies at Wyatt that you would start shipping Waters columns with Wyatt. And I think previously, they were non-Waters column shipping. Is that part of the dynamic, or is it just too early? Is it more about further penetrating the markets and driving sort of organic growth with the instruments?
Udit Batra: Matt, thank you for the question. You know that we closed the deal in this quarter. And really three drivers and we've talked about them in our previous discussions, and they're all contributing, right? The first one is column attachment to malls instruments, and this has gone as planned. Our columns are being shipped with the instruments as we speak. Second, in the column space itself, we've launched columns that are custom-made for solving problems for our customers, and in this case, our most recent X Bridge GTX column that we just launched and this is -- basically this was announced yesterday, but it's starting to ship now. There -- it speeds up measurements by over 50%, reduces sample size by 30% to a 100%. And that basically saves our customers a lot of samples. So, those -- that's already happening. Second, we have talked about lead generation. There are significant hundreds of leads that are -- that have been generated in -- especially in the US and in Europe, where there's a lot of access to our customers. And as emerging biotech and precommercial biotech starts to especially in the US, we're seeing the lead generation pick up quite dramatically and some of those leads have already been converted into sales. So, that's a contribution. And the third piece that you see, which our customers are extremely excited about is the software bridge. We've basically made a lot of progress in building a software bridge of our instruments to -- our LC instruments to our light scattering instruments or Wyatt light scattering instruments. So, progress on all of those fronts that we talked about, our teams are super excited, seeing quite a good traction from our customers, especially as we start to see recovery in pre-commercial biotech and we see this also in the Cambridge Mass area.
Matt Sykes: Great. Thanks for the color. And then Amol, just on gross margins, you've mentioned a couple of dynamics that are helping drive that gross margin expansion. I'm just curious, obviously, price is a driver. But on the cost side, you mentioned sort of lower input costs on freight and materials. Are you sort of seeing some kind of leverage as the inflation comes down input costs come down as you're still increasing price? And do you expect that dynamic to continue through the balance of this year?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So look, I mean, on both the sides, our commercial teams as well as operations teams have done a great job through Q2. The commercial teams have delivered fantastic outcomes on price, which is flowing to our gross margin. And then on the operation side, we've sort of laser-focused on managing raw material costs, managing freight costs, optimizing freight lanes, consolidating freight vendors. And we've also focused on value engineering where possible to sort of work through specifications and reduce the cost of the product. And all that is playing out through our gross margin line, which expanded 230 basis points. And we think this outperformance will carry forward in the second half, which is why full year gross margin is 100 basis points up versus a year ago. We started on this journey of operational excellence two years ago, and it's starting to bear fruit. And we are really proud of what our teams have achieved in this space.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Josh Waldman from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Waldman: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Two for you. I guess, first, Udit, a follow-up on pharma. I mean it sounds like you're seeing signs of life from pharma outside of China, but it also sounds like you're seeing slower than normal funnel build from pharma broadly. I guess I wondered if you could unpack that a bit? And then, I wondered if you could provide context on what the guide assumes in regards to a budget flush, would you expect a typical seasonal ramp in the fourth quarter from pharma in the West. Is that -- I mean, is that the a driver, I guess, to the assumption for a pretty significant step-up in organic in the fourth quarter?
Udit Batra: Great questions, Josh, and thanks for the opportunity to comment on pharma more. Look, as we discussed in Q1, we are -- we see very high-quality funnels. We see customers who are really using our products to solve significant challenges. I mean the Alliance iS has gained a lot of traction on the small molecule side. On the large molecule side, we're seeing the BioAccord being used increasingly in bioprocessing applications. Our columns are doing very well. Our recurring revenues overall high single-digit for a very long time and pharma is no exception to that. You see all those trends playing out in both US and in Europe. That said, we have been cautious and we've said, look, we want to see more than one data point before we assume that the funnel velocities are increasing back to normal. They are slower across all market segments. We are seeing some green shoots in pharma for sure. We're seeing green shoots in biotech. Remember, precommercial biotech went cold both in US and in China altogether, in the US, we're starting to see that recover rather nicely. But I would like to wait for at least one more data point before I call it a complete recovery even in Europe and in the US So we are being a bit cautious with how we're seeing the funnel velocity. It's improved, but I'm not saying at this point that it's gone back to normal. But the quality of the discussions, the quality of the leads is really, really excellent across recurring revenues, meaning service, columns as well as instruments. And it's not just a mass spec story. LC is also doing pretty good and it's starting to do well in some of our pharma customers, as I mentioned, with the GLP-1 agonist where we won a competitive bid for UPLCs as well as our volumes. I'll let Amol comment on the guiding piece.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So I mean, Josh, if you look at our Q2 results and then look at Q3 and Q4 on a four-year stacked basis, they're all 6%. So what it essentially assumes is the dynamics that we saw in Q2, which was a demand slowdown in China and capital approval cycles becoming longer, we expect that to continue through Q3 and Q4. And hence, Q4 will sort of perform at the levels of Q2 on a stacked basis versus four years ago. Even on a two-year stack basis, the assumption there is our Q2 was roughly 6.5%, steps down to 5.5% in Q3 and further steps down to 5% in Q4.
Udit Batra: So, when you -- so Josh, when you compare to previous years based on stacked and two years and four years stacked growth rates, Q3 or Q4 doesn't look any different than one another. And I think the question of budget flush, I mean both Amol and I have been on the receiving end of this when we were in pharma. The way it usually works is as you go through Q4, you see the CFO coming in and saying, hey, now I think I have visibility to my Q4 landing, go ahead and spend. And that's the dynamic that we've observed through and through all across our career. Even if it's a lower base, we expect that to modestly persist. But when you look at our competitors versus stacked two-year and four-year stacked growth rate, you don't see an acceleration in our assumptions.
Josh Waldman: Got it. And then I guess, as you think about the current environment and where you position the near and medium term guide back at the Analyst Day, I mean, do you think Waters is still positioned to grow 100 bps plus above the market? And maybe more important, what do you think is the right way to think about market growth in the medium term in an environment where pharma is a bit more -- pharma a bit more cautious?
Udit Batra: Crystal ball. Look, when I look at my crystal ball, I see tremendous unmet need in pharma. I see tremendous unmet need in the environmental segment with PFAS testing with battery testing in the industrial segment. And in pharma, in particular, I feel Waters is super, super well-positioned. Let me give you a couple of examples, right? We had the opportunity to comment on mass spec. There's a direct comparator when you just compare us to our peer group, we've grown 20% again this quarter, right, and you compare us to the ones we've already reported with my spec portfolios, they're a bit lower than this. So, we think we're gaining share with our new products. You think about our columns, right? I believe we have the best chemistry team in the industry that has really turned decisively towards solving problems for large molecules. And we've just introduced a column that's going to separate AAV and reduce sample size in that area dramatically, right? So, across the board, our innovation is targeted towards large unmet needs and we are gaining traction with our strong focus on execution. So, I think overall, we feel very good about how Waters is positioned. We feel we are already out-executing head-to-head many of our competitors in spaces where we're all together. And I expect that to be no different as the recovery accelerates. We're starting to see early signs of recovery in US and Europe. And again, as I said before, I'm not ready to call it yet until I have more than one data point. And as China recovers, we feel very well-positioned. So, yes, what we said on the Analyst Day still holds. Our core is very strong with strong new products with like Alliance iS, our adjacencies that we picked. We are already gaining traction across the board. And more on that as we go forward and we have more proof points in the other adjacencies as well, but feel extremely good about what we said. And finally, a comment on the margin. You've seen what we've done in Q2 and also the fact that we expect margin expansion both on the operating margin, 30 basis points on the operating margin for the full year despite the challenging environment, I think that should give you some confidence on the execution that we are seeing.
Operator: And that was the last question we have time for.
Udit Batra: Thank you. Thank you all for your questions and your participation today. And on behalf of our entire Waters team, I'd like to thank you for your support and your interest in Waters. Thank you, and have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect your line, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s call. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Caspar Tudor, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Brad. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Waters' Corporation first quarter earnings call. Today, I am joined by Dr. Udit Batra, Waters' President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amol Chaubal, Waters' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. In this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results and commentary on potential market and business conditions, including with respect to the close of the Wyatt transaction, that impacts Waters Corporation over the second quarter of 2023 and full-year 2023. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. For more details, please see the risk factors included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs, and the cautionary language included in this morning's earnings release. During today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including in our discussions of the results of operations. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation, which were available on the company's website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all the year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Finally, we do not intend to update our predictions or projections except as part of a regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to our Udit, to deliver our key messages for the quarter and then Amol will provide a more detailed look at our financial results. After, we'll open up the phone lines to take questions. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning, everyone. For this morning, I'll start by giving you color on our first quarter results, as well as our updated guidance. Then I will cover some of our recent product launches, including Alliance iS, and I will also provide an update on Wyatt. Our first quarter results were below our expectations with revenue growth of 3% on a constant currency basis, versus our expected 4% to 6% growth. This was largely driven by weaker-than-expected demand for instruments in biotech and pharma, which I will cover in a moment. As you know, we had an extraordinary Q1 last year with 16% constant currency growth. Even though our first quarter this year was slower than expected, it still represents a very healthy two-year stack growth of approximately 9.4%. We also saw good overall strength in our recurring revenues, which continued to grow in the high single digits, as well as mass spec and DA, both of which grew double digits. Our end markets remain resilient, and our leadership team continues to drive strong commercial execution. We have further strengthened our revitalized portfolio with a steady stream of innovative new products. Finally, we've added M&A to our growth strategy with our pending acquisition of Wyatt. And we continue to invest organically in our high growth adjacencies, which are also on track and are gaining momentum. Reviewing our first quarter results in more detail; our performance was impacted by a combination of three factors. First, China was weaker than anticipated as pharma customers scaled back purchases. Second, while we have limited exposure to pre-commercial biotech, we have seen a pronounced scale back in demand from these customers as they have significantly reduced spending to conserve capital. And third, several of our large to medium-sized pharma customers delayed timing of instrument orders due to macroeconomic caution. Each of these dynamics occurred late in the quarter and led to instruments declining 3% after they grew over 25% in the first quarter of last year. By end market, the impact was to our pharma business, which declined 4% overall. This was offset by strength in the academic and government segment, which grew 45%, and industrial, which grew 3%, while our recurring revenues remained strong across service and chemistry. As a result of this lower-than-expected volume, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted shares also came below our expectations at $2.49 for the first quarter. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share was $2.38. As we look ahead, we are assuming that spending among pharma customers in China will remain scaled back for the balance of the year and while our exposure to pre-commercial biotech is low, we also believe that the slowdown in this space is likely to persist for the remainder of the year. As a result, we're lowering our 2023 guide due to these two factors. We now expect our fully organic constant currency growth to be in the range of 3% to 5%. We believe that large-to-medium pharma-sized budgets remain in place. We expect spending among these customers to catch up and be stronger in the second half of the year after delayed spending in the first half. Despite our revised revenue guide, our full year EPS guidance, and free cash flow generation expectations remain unchanged. We intend to proactively manage our spend and working capital, and Amol will cover this in more detail. Even with short-term market challenges, our sources for growth remain intact. Our end markets are robust, with almost 80% of our business exposed to durable growth areas. This includes demand for QA/QC testing of commercialized medicines, increased scrutiny of PFAs in food and water, and the testing of batteries used in applications such as electric vehicles. Our team has developed a strong commercial discipline that is supported by best-in-class innovative new products that address evolving customer unmet needs. We're also seeing high single-digit growth in our recurring revenues, which are over 50% of our annual sales. Chemistry growth is supported by strong end-market activity, growth in biologic applications with our MAX peak premier columns, and our e-commerce initiative. For service, we're seeing strong pull-through from our instrument sales, and increased service plan attachment is supporting the growth. We expect service plan attachment for our instruments to increase by another 100 basis points this year, building on the 350 basis point expansions in 2019. Our revitalized portfolio has been further strengthened with a recent launch of Alliance iS, which is our next-generation intelligent HPLC system. We believe it is the most significant innovation to hit pharma QA/QC in the past decade, and it provides a major leap forward in lab productivity. Not only is the instrument easy to use with its large touchscreen interface, but can eliminate common user errors by up to 40%. It does this by guiding users between steps with a highly intuitive interface. It intelligently conducts a number of real-time system checks before a sample is run. This helps ensure that the instrument is configured correctly for the method that is being tested. Before now, errors such as incorrect solvent or the wrong column being used are usually discovered after the sample has been run, which results in wasted time and a wasted sample. Given the strength of the Alliance brand and the significant new features that this instrument offers, we had a strong reception at its launch. Since quality testing is such a critical component of pharmaceutical manufacturing, customer interest has been strong, including from Janssen Pharmaceuticals, who noted that Alliance iS feels like the future is here and has already made plans to replace a large number of its LCs with this instrument. We now have not one, but two new industry-leading platforms for QA/QC applications in pharma, Arc HPLC and its biocompatible equivalent Arc Premier, and now higher-end Alliance iS, which sits at the top of the range. Last month, we also launched our Xevo TQ Absolute mass spec into clinical applications. Not only is this the most sensitive triple-quad on the market for PFAs detection, where it has seen strong traction in food and environmental testing, but now, within clinical, it is up to five times more sensitive than other competing instruments in the segment. This sensitivity enables clinical labs to detect and measure trace-level analytes at lower detection levels than was previously possible. It also enables clinical labs to expand their test menu to include multiplex panels. Meanwhile, our TA Instruments business launched a new microcalorimeter for battery testing essential for electric vehicle, energy storage and electronics applications. This provides customers with a significant upgrade as it accelerates validation of battery safety, quality and performance testing by up to 75%, which while collecting up to six times more data than other calorimeters. Lastly, we also recently launched a new system monitoring software product on Waters Connect, the first us and unique to the industry. Developed in consultation with QA/QC scientists, it enables real-time monitoring of all chromatography instruments controlled by our Empower software. It helps increase productivity of QA/QC labs by allowing customers to analyze their instrument fleets at anytime from anywhere to monitor uptime, usage levels and real-time system availability. Each of these new products have been developed in close collaboration with our customers to address their most pressing unmet needs. They further support the strength of our revitalized portfolio. Earlier this year, we announced our intent to acquire Wyatt Technology, the recognized leader in light scattering. With more than 80% of its revenues tied to large molecule applications, Wyatt expands Waters' portfolio and increases our exposure to faster growth areas within biologics. It also increases our ability to build a business in bioanalytical characterization, which is a $1.8 billion total addressable market with a 10% to 12% projected annual growth rate. We remain on track to close in the second quarter of this year. We also expect the transition to deliver immediate growth and adjusted operating margin accretion. Now I will pass the call over to Amol to continue covering our first quarter financial results and give additional commentary on our guidance. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, sales grew 3% in constant currency. This came below our expectations due to the demand dynamics in our pharma business, which Udit outlined earlier. Waters' division grew 2% and TA grew 10%. By end market, pharma declined 4%, industrial grew 3%, and academic and government was very strong at 45% growth. In pharma, weakness was led by China and the US. In China, we saw customers recalibrate their spending plans, and in the US, our large to medium pharma customers delayed spending due to macroeconomic caution. Our small biotech customers, which is a small portion of our business, scaled back spending to conserve capital in light of more pronounced funding concerns. In industrial, growth was led by Asia, which grew 6%, and the Americas, which grew 2%. In our Waters' business, we saw continued strong growth in PFAs testing applications. In TA, growth was led by thermal analysis and rheology. We have seen continued strong demand in secular growth drivers such as batteries and electronic testing. Academic and government had a great start to the year as elevated funding resulted in strong demand for our refreshed mass spec portfolio. Strength was brought across all our geographies. By product, strength was broad across our high-res mass specs such as Cyclic IMS and our tandem cards such as TQ Absolute. Now by geography, sales in Asia grew 6%, the Americas declined 1%, and Europe grew 3%. In Asia, China declined mid-single digits for the quarter. Excluding China, Asia grew mid-teens with broad strength across our end markets. In the Americas, pharma declined mid-single digits given delayed spending against a tough comp of over 30%. Industrial grew 2%, and academic and government grew over 25%. Europe grew 3% in the quarter with strength also led by academic and government, which grew over 40%. By products and services, instruments declined 3% overall, but both our mass spec and TA instrument systems grew double digits. Recurring revenues grew 8% with chemistry up 10% and service up 8%. This quarter had one fewer day than the first quarter of 2022, which translates to a headwind of approximately 1% for our recurring revenues. Gross margin for the quarter was 58.5% compared to 58.6% in the first quarter of 2022 in line with our expectations. Operating margin for the quarter was approximately 26.8% compared to 30.3% in the first quarter of 2022, driven by sales mix and 120 basis points of unfavorable FX. Our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 15.4%. Average share count came in at 59.3 million shares, which is about 1.6 million less than the first quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the first quarter was $2.49 in comparison to $2.80 last year. Foreign exchange headwind lowered our non-GAAP EPS growth by 8%. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share was $2.38. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning and in the appendix of our earnings call presentation. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excludes special items. In the first quarter of 2023, free cash flow was $166 million after funding $34 million of capital expenditures, which represents approximately 24% of our sales. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and well-structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us the ability to prioritize investing in growth, including M&A and returning capital to shareholders. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will meaning fully accelerate value creation in wealth on attractive adjacent markets. In Q1, we repurchased approximately 173,000 shares of our common stock for $58 million early in the quarter. As we previously disclosed, we have since temporarily suspended our share buyback program for the remainder of the year, so that we can use our free cash flow to fund the Wyatt acquisition. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position was approximately $990 million, which is a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1. Now, I would like to provide our updated thoughts for 2023. Our end markets remain resilient, and we expect our refreshed portfolio and growth initiatives to enhance our performance. However, as Udit covered earlier, we are revising our growth to account for the scale-back of purchases from our customers in China and the slowdown in small biotech. As a result, we are updating our full year 2023 organic, constant currency sales growth guidance to 3% to 5% excluding Wyatt. At current rates, currency translation is expected to have a minimal impact on full year sales, resulting in full year reported organic sales growth guidance of 3% to 5%. Consistent with our prior expectations, we expect Wyatt transaction to add approximately 2.5% to our full year 2023 revenue growth. Therefore, our total reported sales growth guidance is now 5.5% to 7.5% versus 2022, including Wyatt. We expect organic growth margins to be approximately 58.5% for the year, and organic operating margins to be approximately 30.5%. This is higher than our previous guide due to anticipated cost savings in our core business and an improvement in FX. This now translates to 50 basis points of margin expansion, net of investment in adjacencies, partially offset by an FX headwind of 20 basis points. As we previously mentioned, we anticipate the expected addition of Wyatt in Q2 of this year will be accretive to our full year 2023 adjusted operating margin by approximately 25 basis points. Including the Wyatt transaction, we expect our full year net interest expense to be approximately $40 million. Consistent with our prior expectations, the transaction is expected to add $40 million of additional interest expense for a total of $80 million interest expense. The full year tax rate is expected to remain at approximately 15.5%. Our average diluted 2023 share count is expected to be approximately $59.3 million given the temporary suspension of our share repurchase program. Rolling all this together, on a non-GAAP basis, our full year 2023 earnings per fully diluted share guidance, excluding the Wyatt transaction, is projected in the range of $12.70 to $12.90, which is unchanged from our previous guide, and includes a negative currency impact of approximately one percentage point at current rates. Including Wyatt, non-GAAP full year 2023 earnings per fully diluted share is also unchanged projected in the range of $12.55 to $12.75. Looking to the second quarter of 2023, we expect the current market dynamics to persist in China, along with the slowdown in pre-commercial biotech. We also expect cautious spending levels from our large pharma customers to continue until end of the second quarter before catching up in the second half of the year. Hence, we expect second quarter organic constant currency sales growth of 1% to 3%. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately one percentage point resulting in second quarter reported organic sales growth guidance of 0% to 2%. Assuming a mid-May close, we expect the Wyatt transaction to add approximately 1.5% to our second quarter revenue growth. Therefore, our total second quarter reported sales growth guidance is 1.5% to 3.5%, including Wyatt. Excluding the Wyatt transaction, second quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range, $2.60 to $2.70, with a negative currency impact of approximately three percentage points, including Wyatt, which is expected to result in an EPS headwind of $0.08, second quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share is projected in the range of $2.52 to $2.62. Now, I would like to turn it back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amul. So to summarize, despite a slower than expected start to the year, our end markets are resilient and we expect to see increased strength in the second half of the year. While we have revised our revenue guide, we're maintaining our full year EPS guide due to our robust financial model and the acceleration of our growth strategy remains on track, with continued progress on all of our high growth adjacencies, and with our pending acquisition of Wyatt Technology. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our colleagues around the world who've continued to demonstrate the indomitable spirit of Waters with their focus on strong commercial execution and revitalized innovation. We also look forward to welcoming our future Wyatt colleagues. Finally, I'm proud to share that Waters continues to be globally recognized for its strong ESG profile, placing at number five on the Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies list for 2023. This is the second year that we've been placed in the top 10 after receiving more than 20 awards in 2022, recognizing the company for excellence in product innovation, leadership strength, and commitment to social and environmental responsibility. We look forward to continuing to demonstrate our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. So with that, I'll turn the call back to Caspar.
Caspar Tudor: Thanks, Udit. That concludes our formal comments, and we are now ready to open the phone lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] And our first question today will come from Luke Sergott of Barclays. Awesome. Your line is open, sir.
Luke Sergott: Great, thanks. Good morning, everybody. So I want to start off on the academic and government strength that you guys saw in the quarter, particularly in China, you guys called that out, but it was strong across every region. So, are you -- did you guys see any pushouts in there from the 4Q? Just talk about what you're seeing there as that kind of goes forward. So this isn't just a onetime thing.
Udit Batra: Sure. Thanks, Luke, and good morning. Look, it's a great start to the year with about 45% growth, and this is largely due to the elevated global funding that we're seeing across the globe and the strong demand for our high res mass spec portfolio. This growth was, of course, led by China, which grew over 80% versus previous year. And of course, we saw the same thing happening not to that same extent in magnitude but in the U.S., in India and in Europe, all had a nice growth well into the double-digit territory. So Academic and Government, as you know, is a segment that's rather lumpy. So I would rather not extrapolate Q1 to the rest of the year. So we assume that we will see the second half that will become more normalized and the full year will be more in the low double-digit to teens range given such a strong start to the year.
Luke Sergott: Okay. Great. And then when you guys talked about the -- on the guide down, part being from biotech customers and in part being from large pharma kind of pushing out their spending. Can you help size what those actually were and contributed to the guidance cut for the year?
Udit Batra: So look, just to sort of take a step back. The full year guide -- for the full year guide, we have assumed 3% to 5% in constant currency, right? And on a 2-year stacked basis, this is still high single digits. We like to -- we think like the first quarter, the spending at Chinese CDMO customers and the pre-commercial biotech customers remains constrained for the balance of the year. And to remind you, on the China side, we've grown the CDMO presence over the last 2 years. We've actually tripled that business, right? So it's gone dramatically up. So we think -- like the first quarter, the spending in the Chinese CDMO customers and the pre-commercial biotech customers will remain sort of muted. On the other hand, we're assuming that the large pharma customers who delayed orders for instruments will come in the second half of the year. And here, over the last 2 weeks, I've personally spoken to several large customers, both in the U.S. and Europe to understand the situation. And the funding remains very much intact, and the POs were simply delayed. So we're expecting those to come largely in the second half of the year. So then the 3% to 5% guide would then imply that for the full year, China will grow in the low single digits versus our previous assumption of high single digits. Pharma will also remain in the low single-digit category with combined pressure from China CDMO and pre-commercial biotech, and instruments for the year will grow flat to low single digits and recurring revenues in the high single digits, right? So I hope that gives you a flavor for the drivers of the full year guidance and how we stepped it down. Amol, do you want to comment on the quantitative aspects.
Amol Chaubal: No, I think you got it, right. Yes.
Operator: The next question will come from Vijay Kumar of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Udit, back to some of your comments here. What is the Waters exposure to this emerging biopharma? Was that down 50%? Any directional sense and now what the business did? And in this -- Wyatt -- I understand they have exposure to large pharma. Is there any risk here on Wyatt's -- what is Wyatt's exposure to emerging biopharma.
Udit Batra: So let me -- so Vijay, thank you for the question. First, on the biotech exposure. Our biotech customers, broadly speaking, constitute between 10% to 15% of our pharma business. and with more heavier weighting in the U.S. and China where the biotech industry is even more developed. Pre-commercial biotech, which is where we saw the slowdown is a subset of this and is roughly half of it, right? So if you do the math, that's roughly 5% to 7% of our pharma business, right, and largely focused on the U.S. and in China. So during Q1, pre-commercial biotech companies, of course, got extremely cautious and virtually halted their instrument purchases, especially later in March. We're starting to see some relaxation but we've assumed that this situation will persist for the balance of the year. And over the long -- over the long term, I don't need to remind you, the biotech industry plays an extremely important role in the innovation that we see across health care, and they remain our very, very strong customers. Now to your question on Wyatt, roughly 80% of the Wyatt business is focused on biologics applications. Wyatt has historically been very strong in academic and government and for biologics applications, we're characterizing large molecules like cell and gene therapy and cell and gene therapy and proteins and monoclonal antibodies. We expect this business for the balance of the year once the close happens to remain in the low double digit -- low double-digit category. And as Amol said, this would add roughly 25% of our incremental revenue for Waters for the rest of the year. So we expect this to continue to remain extremely strong for the balance of the year.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Then Amol, 1 for you. The second quarter EPS guidance implies, I think the operating margins in Q2 to be roughly similar to Q1. Given you really trace the annual EPS guidance, it looks like back half has to be like low 30s operating margins, that's a massive step up, I think, 500 basis points or 600 basis points from doing the math correctly. What is driving the second half margin expansion versus first half? Is there any synergies being baked in from the Spire transaction? Or perhaps is Waters contemplating any restructuring actions?
Amol Chaubal: So there are a couple of things, which, that play into the second half of the year, right? One is the volume in the second half is typically higher than the first half, and that produces some degree of volume leverage and our gross margin profile in the second half is slightly better than that in the first half. Two, we also benefit from exchange rate in the second half. Remember, in the first half, is still a headwind in the second half FX is a tailwind. And three, given the revised sort of the demand outlook, we plan to proactively manage our costs and intend to keep our operating expenses relatively flat in the second half versus the first half. And if you are able to do that, then it allows us to produce the kind of margin expansion and EPS that we've guided for the second half.
Operator: The next question will come from Dan Brennan of TD Cowen.
Dan Brennan: Maybe the first 1 just on the guide. Just wondering, was there a discussion maybe to cut beyond the 3 to 5, just wondering your kind of ripping the mandate of here given some of the factors you pointed to. But do you feel that guide provides still healthy cushion given all the uncertainties you are flagging. It's still, as you pointed out, Udit, it's still kind of in high single-digit to your stack, which is above your long-term LRP, and you do have these factors and you're banking on a recovery in the back half of the year for large pharma.
Udit Batra: Yes. So Dan, thank you for the question. Look, I mean, we spend a lot of time clinically dissecting what happened in Q1 and why it came below our expectations with a 3% or so -- 3% or so growth, right? And the reasons that I outlined the slowdown in Chinese CDMO customers start down the purchasing of Chinese CDMO customers who largely serve US and European pharma customers. We think that will persist for the balance of the year. We think the pre-commercial biotech spending will remain muted. And at least that's what we've assumed, even though we see some signs of that improving, we've assumed that, that remains muted. And then thirdly, we expect the deferral of purchases of instruments in large pharma customers to come back. And we looked at this super carefully, and I personally spoke to some large pharma customers. They have the budget. They have the funding. It simply was caution to delay the purchases. And now with a very strong revitalized portfolio, we feel very good about being able to compete for orders across the instrument portfolio. So you put it all -- you put it all together, you basically see that the instruments are -- instrument growth will be flat or low single digit at most for the full year. Recurring revenues, which have gone from strength to strength is over 50% of our business gets into the high single-digit category. Pharma, which has been our sort of strongest grower in many -- for many, many years. We also assume in aggregate will be flat to low single digits. And China, again, a strong growth driver will end up flat to low single digits. So I think we've been rather cautious about our guidance, and we've taken all the factors into account. And as you said, I mean, the full year stack looks very good, just given the strength we've built from a commercial perspective. and the strong innovative portfolio that we have put forth in the market. And with the close of Wyatt, that should add a little bit of -- a little bit more momentum.
Dan Brennan: Great. And maybe just a follow-up, just on instruments, so flat to low single that's kind of a high single-digit stack against what you guys did. You've obviously had tremendous growth there. Can you just unpack that a little bit? It sounds like mass spec doing terrific. Could you just give us a flavor for the relative contribution between mass spec and LC and if you want to give us any regional, I don't know how far down the whole you want to go. But just give us a sense of what's incorporated into that low single.
Udit Batra: The instrument sales for this quarter declined roughly 4%, right? And as you rightly pointed out, this is on the base -- on the back of a 26% growth in Q1 2022, right? So a pretty strong comp. Now mass spec grew high teens. So strength to strength. And on a multiyear basis, it's a high-teen growth. TA grew double digits, while LC declined in teens. Now to your question on LC or deeper question on LC, the sales were impacted disproportionately by the decline that we saw in the purchase by pharma customers, and these are Chinese CDMOs serving U.S. and European customers, as I mentioned, the pre-commercial biotechs and also the delayed orders that I talked about for large pharma. So disproportionately impacting LC. Now just to put this all in a bit of perspective, you see in an instrument business, we will always see fluctuations. And -- but what is important to remember is that over the long term. Our instrument business has grown in a 4% to 5% range with a gross margin of roughly 60%, right? It's a pretty attractive area to be in. We, during this time, looked at our instrument growth rates for the last 20 years, starting to 2004, we basically looked at every year. And you come away with just 2 very simple insights. First, the average growth hovers around 4% to 5%. Second, there is a fluctuation around this mean which generally gets exaggerated around economic slowdowns like in 2008 and '09, 2011 and '12, but the volume always returns within 1 to 2 quarters. So whenever there is a delay, especially in the case of LC, which is over 70% of replacement business, this fluctuation always subsides and you return to your average of about 4% to 5%. So we're pretty positive, and we feel very confident about the deferred businesses coming back especially now given our terrific commercial execution that you pointed out and our renewed portfolio, especially in the small molecule LC segment where Arc HPLC now is augmented by Alliance IS we should see the instrument growth returning back to normal before long. So for the full year, then we've basically assumed still a flat to low single-digit instrument growth in aggregate. And recurring revenues at the high single-digit range. In the second half of the year, you'll start to see trends that are more like pre-COVID times, right? So I hope that gives you a bit of flavor on what the assumptions are and how we've thought about it.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs.
Matt Sykes: Maybe just to dig a little bit more on the large pharma side. It's quite clear your expectations for the second half recovery, and this is a delay I'm just wondering, just given some of the news we've seen from some of the larger pharma about rationalizing their R&D spend. Has there been any kind of reprioritizing of those R&D budgets, whether it's inflation Reduction Act, prompting them to move into a large molecule or anything like that? Or do you truly see this as sort of a temporary delay in terms of ordering?
Udit Batra: So Matt, great question, right? And so I personally then decided to speak to several of the large pharma customers, both in the U.S. and in Europe. And basically, we find that the budgets are still very much intact, like many companies like us as well. We are being more cautious with capital spend, and we are taking longer to approve capital spend, and that's what's happened in large pharma as well. So there is no talk of not doing replacements or not adding instrument fleets that they had planned altogether. Second, what I'll remind you is that our business is more heavily weighted towards the QA/QC segment, which is more proportional to manufacturing volumes, right? And so R&D spend if it comes under pressure, does not impact, especially our LC business, which more weighted towards Q3 and especially on the small molecule side. So really no real indicator there that, that would slow down. And finally, Matt, feel extremely good about our commercial execution that we -- that has demonstrated what we've been able to do over the last 2 to 2.5 years. Where we have really grown rather nicely with all the instrument replacement initiatives also on the consumables side, which remains extremely strong, and consumables, I'll remind you, is an indicator of pharma activity, right? If that is growing high single digit, what you find is there is significant activity still occurring in the -- with the pharmaceutical customers. So we believe it's just a matter of time that the instrument orders that were delayed in large pharma will come back. So we have a lot of cooperating evidence that suggests that this is coming back. But we've been rather cautious, even though we see some indicators of it coming back already, we've been rather cautious to assume that most of the spend will come in the second half of the year.
Matt Sykes: Great. That's very helpful color. And then just my follow-up would just be on the industrial end market. You've done a really good job in the past of kind of decomposing the subsegments there, and you talked about strength in batteries and PFAS. But maybe could you talk a little bit more about the subsegments where you're seeing some maybe softness in where you're seeing continued strength.
Udit Batra: So I mean just taking a step back, Matt, the industrial segment of Waters has dramatically changed over the last 15 years or so, right? I mean, basically, it's now constituted heavily of food and environmental and the TA business has 40% of it is in the more resilient segments like batteries also serving some parts of life science, right, out of the TA. Now to just decompose the results for the quarter. I mean, it grew -- the industrial business grew roughly 3%. It was led by TA again, which grew 10%, almost 10% and PFAS testing, which we've talked about several times in our previous which continues to grow really, really rapidly. And in TA, roughly 40% of the business is now in the more resilient segments with batteries really continuing to grow nicely. So when I double click on TA, I mean it has the same sort of dynamics that the Waters division does, right? So we've really our focus on commercial execution, new products, especially ones relevant for high-growth areas for thermal analysis and geology, and we just talked about our new battery calorie meter that sets a new standard in testing batteries and their efficiency and effectiveness. It's just been launched, right? So we feel very good about where the TA business stands going forward. So if I just put all of that together for the full year, we're assuming a mid-single-digit growth in our industrial business, led by the strength that we continue to see in TA and PFAS testing.
Operator: The next question will come from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik De Bruin: I have a question for you. I mean, I've been covering Waters for a long time. And we've seen some of the spending patterns before. I mean historically, pharmas have delayed their budget releases in Q1 and things pick up in 2Q. But by the same token, if we're going back to sort of like historical seasonality, 3Q then is always a crapshoot in terms of what spending is because you won't have any real visibility until September. So I'm just sort of why are we not back to some of these sort of seasonal patterns? And then you're -- and everything essentially end up riding on the fourth quarter and like this. I'm just sort of curious, are we -- is there anything more different going on here than just return to normal seasonality?
Udit Batra: That's a fantastic question, Derik, and I expected you to ask something that relates to the history of Waters in general. Look, you're totally right. We think the second half of the year will start to approximate what we've seen in the past, right? That's why if you just look at the growth rate of the second half of the year, it's between 4% and 7%. Instruments now starting to traverse into the low to mid-single digits and consumables well above our historical averages reversing at the high single digit, right? So it does start to look like historical patterns. And if you just now look at the specifics, right, as I said, we basically said, look, the CDMO spending in China, the pre-commercial biotech is not coming back. Now you can call that super conservative or not up to you, but we just said, look, that's not coming back for the balance of the year. That's what we want to assume for now. With pharma, we've said, based on the visibility we have with those customers, and I've personally spoken to several of them as well to just gain confidence, we're already starting to see the orders released now. It's anyone's guess if it comes in Q2, Q3 or Q4. But again, we've been cautious and said, look, it will come in Q3 and Q4 rather than in Q2, right? So I think that's the dynamics. But it does return the second half of the year starts looking awfully like pre-COVID times. And then when you do the full year math, right, you look at Waters, I mean, you see us on a stack 2-year, 4-year stack basis, reversing high single digits. And Amol already talked to you about the margins. The margins are 30.5%. I mean that's a pretty good business, right? High single-digit, 30.5% margin. So we expect to be able to overcome these challenges for the balance of the year. And I mean this is the best visibility that we had at this point given the conditions.
Derik De Bruin: Yes. And I mean, absolutely, I mean just sort of looking at it, you've historically gone through a couple of years of like double-digit growth in the business and then it goes to mid-single, then it comes back double digits and then it goes through -- it goes to these processes. So, it seems like the trajectory as we exit '23 would be back to that 3% to 5% growth in the instrumentation business than whatever the Augment is on the consumables business, right? So 7% to 8% in that range, right? That's probably the best way we think about next year.
Udit Batra: Yes. I think -- I can't give you a moment next year. But just to give you sort of broad strokes at this point, we think that our instrument business is super healthy, right? Is it 3 or is it 5%? I cannot judge, but it's a good starting point. We think our consumables business has been reversing on the stacked and a double stack, meaning 2- and 4-year stack basis on high single digits. Now it seems a bit higher than previous growth rates. And now we've augmented our business with Wyatt, which should add more to the growth rate, right? So that's a low double-digit grower and exposed more to biologics. And you put it all together, I mean instruments are mid-single-digit recurring revenues are high single digit, you sort of end up at a weighted average, which is mid- to high single digits, right? That's our -- that's what we are saying. And remember, we said 5% to 7% growth in the midterm, starting to -- and with more move towards high-growth adjacencies that growth even expands, and we're able to maintain our margins because we are rather careful about how we invest in the business, and it's about a 30-ish percent or 30.5% margin, right? So you start to see the algorithm come back. But with a bit more strength given what we've done on the commercial side, and how we've been adding strength on the consumables placement through e-commerce, service attachment rates, which are higher than ever and then new product -- the new product portfolio, which is completely revitalized. So we think it will be in there or thereabouts, but probably a little bit better given commercial success given innovation and the fact that we have Wyatt, which is a faster-growing business in the segment.
Operator: The next question will come from Josh Waldman of Cleveland Research.
Josh Waldman: A couple for you. Udit, I guess, just another follow-up on your comments on large pharma. I think you said you have orders or quotes in hand at this point. I guess, just curious if you could comment on the magnitude of these orders? And then maybe what customers are telling you with respect to year-over-year growth in their budget. And then I guess fee in reference to the full year guide, if the opportunities do convert that it sounds like you're starting to see -- do you think there's upside to the guide? And then on the flip side, if they don't, do you think you have to trend the guide going through the year?
Udit Batra: So maybe I'll start with the very end and then work towards the front on the pharma customers. Look, Josh, we've done a very clinical analysis on the drivers of what's happened in Q1, right? And we've been super transparent about where they've come from, right, the Chinese CDMOs, the emerging -- the pre-commercial biotech. And those 2, we don't expect to see coming back for the balance of the year, even if there are indications that, that starts to relax towards the latter part of the year. On the pharma spend, we have a significant amount of cooperating evidence that from the field, from my personal conversations, from looking at the data, especially in what we're seeing on commercial perspective. And I'll remind you that we are still very much a QA/QC focused company. So come the commercial volumes continue to rise as they are in pharma, new products keep coming through, we expect to see that spend continue in the way that it has. So we feel reasonably comfortable that the spending will come back for the balance of the year. Again, how it's distributed in Q2, Q3, Q4, it's not straightforward, but we are assuming that it's in the second half of the year. And that brings us to the full year full year guide, which is the 3% to 5% or a 2-year stack growth rate of high single digits. So I hope that gives you color on how we are thinking about the full year and where we see strength and where we have sort of analyzed it and said, look, we are not bringing this back into the equation.
Josh Waldman: Got it. Then Unit or Amol, I wondered if you could comment on how price is tracking year-to-date versus your expectations. I think you previously said 200 basis points this year. Is that still the right way to think about it? Or does the softer demand environment here in the near-term pressure on that?
Amol Chaubal: I mean at this point, Josh, price is raising a little about 200 basis points based on the dynamics we are seeing in the market. Our teams are doing an excellent job holding on to that. And that's what we are thinking for the rest of the year.
Udit Batra: Yes. And Josh, to build on the price comment, we expect that the strength that we've built in execution of implementing pricing changes will stay with us. Second, our portfolio, which is really reinvigorated across the board, right? So we've talked enough about the mass spec business in the past and the Xevo TQ Absolute, the G3 QTOF, which now helps customers transfer their methods much better from development into QA/QC or to the BioAccord. We've talked about the impact of our MaxPeak Premier column. So innovation across the board and now more recently with LC with the Alliance IS and also DA for battery applications. We see innovation across the board, and these customers do want these products. They meet very significant unmet needs, and they're willing to pay a premium to access these products. So the commercial strength that we've built over the last 2 years plus the revitalized portfolio makes us confident that we can continue to pass on price in a very significant way.
Operator: The next question will come from Rachel Vatnsdal of JPMorgan.
Rachel Vatnsdal Olson: So 1 here on instrument. Declined 3% during the quarter, but you made a comment how the dynamics really started late on in the quarter. So can you walk us through what was the exit rate for instruments? And then how have orders looked during April, May time frame? And then as a follow-up, you mentioned that instruments are expected to be flat or low single digits for the year. So what's embedded in that guide for instrument growth during 2Q.
Udit Batra: Sure. Rachel, thanks for your question. Look, instrument sales declined about 4% for this quarter, right, and on the back of the 26% in Q1 2022. Mass spec, as I mentioned earlier, grew high teens and DA grew double digits, while LC is the 1 that declined in teens. And to your question, on how these were and where this came from. I mean it's the same drivers that I mentioned earlier, they were impacted disproportionately by the decline in the Chinese CDMO customers who are serving U.S. and European pharma companies, pre-commercial biotech and some delayed orders in large pharma. As we think about the full year, we feel quite confident that the deferred business is going to come back given what I mentioned to the -- in response to the previous questions and also the fact that we have an excellent commercial organization and a new portfolio that basically allow us to place these instruments. For the full year, we are assuming a flat to low single-digit growth in instruments and of course, high single digits for consumables. And you'll start to see, to Derik's question earlier, the second half of the year look awfully like pre-COVID times. I hope that gives you clarity.
Rachel Vatnsdal Olson: Yes. And then just a follow-up here on biological analytical characterization. Can you just talk about what the adoption of that portfolio is BioAccord and then also how Wyatt adoption rate has trended in recent months? You talked about the opportunity here for bioanalytical characters is that adoption rates will increase over time. But just given that characterization isn't required for bioprocessing right now, is there risk that to be an area where pharma really starts to rationalize spending and that, that could pressure new customer wins? And then ultimately, what could that do for growth rate for BioAccord and Wyatt this year?
Udit Batra: So Rachel, thanks for that question. Look, I mean, about 40% to 50% of the pharma pipeline is now biologics. A good portion of that is cell and gene therapy molecules, which are curative, not just treatments. These are fantastic drugs. And we're doing all we can to help our customers take these to the market. Unfortunately, the characterization techniques for these have not moved at the pace that they should have historically. Now we have the tools like LCMS, like LCU, like light scattering that -- and like our MaxPeak Premier Columns that will allow our customers to characterize these molecules much better to move them faster to the pipeline and reduce costs. dramatically. So we see that demand really, really picking up, right? So when we did the analysis, we said, look, this is about a $1.8 billion market that is growing well into the double digits. Now with the addition of yet, we now have a world-class portfolio with the simplest LCMS instrument in Biocad that has very good adoption for raw material testing for in-process characterization of cell lines and now rapidly moving into QA/QC. And I've given some examples of that also in the past. Second, LC/UV remains a characterization technique that many of our customers use to release biologics. And thirdly, now with Wyatt multi-angle light scattering that we now intend to attach to our SEC malls -- our SEC columns as well as our LCs. We think this has very, very good prospects going forward. And when you talk about wired, it has historically grown in the 20% range. And our assumption is -- as we look at the balance of the year and the rest and after the deal is closed, we -- our assumption is still that it's a low double-digit grower with a 40% margin for the foreseeable future. So we feel very good about this area and biologics in general and the business that we're building in bioanalytical characterization.
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick Donnelly of Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: So I guess, first on pre-commercial biotech. Can you talk a little bit about how that trended throughout the quarter? Did the weakness mostly stem later on in the quarter in February and March? Or was it kind of even throughout? And then I have 1 follow-up.
Udit Batra: Sure. Look, I mean, this really came in the month of March, right? I mean our pre-commercial biotech, as I said before, is roughly 5% to 7% of our overall pharma business, and largely focused in the U.S. and in China. Now to double-click on the U.S., these companies are mostly in the Cambridge and San Diego, San Francisco area, right? And we saw really their spending almost halt in March, given the financial crisis that many of the companies were going through. Some of that has started to release, but we saw that segment really slowed down quite dramatically in the month of March. And then that has -- that has persisted into -- we are assuming that, that is persisting into Q2, especially for that particular segment.
Operator: And that was our final question for today. I'll turn it back over to the speakers for closing remarks.
Udit Batra: Sure. Thank you very much for your participation and questions today. And on behalf of the entire management team at Waters, I would like to thank you for your continued support and interest in the company. Thank you, and have a wonderful day. .
Operator: Thank you all for your participation on today's conference call. At this time, all parties may disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-15 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s call. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter earnings call. We are very pleased to be speaking to you from Santa Barbara this morning where Wyatt Technology is located. We have a lot to cover today given our exciting – given our earnings results and our exciting announcements. Today, I am joined by Dr. Udit Batra, Waters’ President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amol Chaubal, Waters' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We are also glad to be joined by Wyatt Technology's Chief Executive Officer, Geof Wyatt; as well as its President, Cliff Wyatt. Now, before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. In this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding future possible results and commentary on potential market and business conditions, including with respect to the announced transaction with Wyatt that may impact Waters Corporation over the first quarter of 2023, full-year 2023 and 2024. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. For more details, please see the risk factors included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, our Form 10-Qs, and the cautionary language included in this morning's earnings release. During today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including in our discussions of the results of operations. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation, which were available on the company's website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Finally, we do not intend to update predictions or projections except as part of a regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Udit Batra. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning, everyone. Before diving in, I would like to extend our thoughts and our prayers to the thousands of those who are affected in Turkey and Syria by the earthquakes. Today marks a major milestone in accelerating value creation for our customers and shareholders as we progress to the next step in the execution of our strategy. This morning, we made the exciting announcement that Wyatt Technology, the recognized leader in light scattering will be joining forces with Waters, bringing with it a fast growing, attractive business with key capabilities to accelerate our 1.8 billion double-digit growth opportunity in Bioprocess Characterization. More than 40 years ago, Wyatt was the first commercialized light scattering instruments incorporating lasers as their light source. Ever since they've defined and redefined state-of-the-art light scattering instrumentation, software, and services. Along the way, we've also added several related technologies including dynamic light scattering, viscometry, refractometry, and field-flow fractionation. Together, the innovative products are used to determine the properties of novel therapeutics such as cell and gene therapy, vaccines, and proteins, as well as synthetic polymers and nanoparticles. Wyatt was the top asset and priority we identified for bioanalytical characterization, making the acquisition a significant step forward in this high growth adjacency. I would like to take this opportunity to invite Geof and Cliff to say a few words about this exciting combination. Geof?
Geof Wyatt : Thank you, Udit. We are thrilled to be with you here today at this incredible moment for our company. For over four decades, Wyatt Technology has delighted customers with industry leading innovation in light scattering, characterizing life enhancing large molecule therapeutics. Our common scientific heritage deep mutual respect for science-based innovation and a passion for customer success makes Waters the ideal steward to propel our family legacy into its next chapter. Now Cliff, would you like to add anything?
Cliff Wyatt: Sure. Thank you, Geoff. I would like to echo your comments and also [my father's] [ph] Dr. Wyatt’s sentiment that we could not have been more excited, but could not be more excited about this combination. Waters will broaden Wyatt global reach scale and will accelerate deployment of light scattering technologies in downstream and QA/QC spaces, integrating this technology onto Waters' well-established empowered platform. Waters is such a natural and logical fit for us in this next exciting chapter of Wyatt’s history.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Geoff, and thank you, Cliff. We are honored to get this unique opportunity to carry Wyatt forward into the future. This combination is a fantastic opportunity to integrate our powerful analytical technologies, which are highly complementary to each other. And as you highlighted Geoff, our shared deep scientific culture and common passion for customer success will accelerate integration and drive value creation for our customers and shareholders in the years to come. Today, Waters has a strong and growing portfolio serving large molecule separation and characterization, which are approximately 30% of our pharmaceutical revenues. These applications serve high volume downstream workflows in biologic development and QA/QC Central Labs using LC-UV and LC-MS. Wyatt’s significant exposure to the very fast growing biologic applications will build on this presence and will give our customers an unmatched set of analytical solutions across large molecules, including gene therapy and viral vectors. For Wyatt, as Cliff mentioned, this combination will provide expanded geographic reach and will accelerate the adoption of light scattering and downstream applications through our established presence and empowered informatics platform. As you can tell, we're excited to share more details about the strategic benefits of this combination. However, this is our fourth quarter and our full-year earnings call, and we have some excellent results to share with you first. So now, I will cover our key messages and financial results for the core business. Then we will continue outlining the value of this combination as we take this next step in the evolution of our strategy. Looking at our financial results, we ended another very successful year delivering strong results in the fourth quarter with growth across our end markets. This was led by yet another outstanding double-digit instrument growth quarter. Our incredible performance this year would not have been possible without our dedicated and talented colleagues. We overcame numerous macroeconomic and pandemic-related challenges throughout 2022, including global supply chain challenges, COVID lockdowns, inflationary pressures, and currency headwinds, all while responding to high customer demands for our products. Today, we have three key messages, which reflect the strength in our core business and the exciting future that lies ahead. First, we continue to deliver consistently strong execution. You can see this in our 2022 performance where we sustained strong growth after a stellar year in 2021. You can also see this in our three-year CAGR of approximately 9% in constant currency, where our results have placed us amongst the top players in the industry since the beginning of our transformation. Second, our revitalized portfolio has contributed to our growth and we expect this to continue. New products have resulted in growth opportunities in large molecules, applications, PFAs and battery testing, while supporting strong [core] [ph] instrument replacement. Third, while we have accomplished a lot in the past 2.5 years, we are now augmenting our organic efforts with M&A to accelerate our journey into high growth adjacencies. Turning now to our fourth quarter results. Our revenue grew 3% as reported and 9% on a constant currency basis. We saw broad strength across our end markets and regions with robust customer demand. Industrial was again our fastest growing end market, up 14% led by environmental testing, which grew over 20%; and TA, which grew mid-teens. Pharma saw continued robust growth, up 6% with strength in both small and large molecule applications. Strength was set by Europe, which grew low double digits, offset by headwinds in China. Academic and government grew 8% as in increased activity and funding resulted in strong year-end spending in several of our geographies. Instruments grew double-digits net by mass spec. New products contributed across our portfolio with Arc HPLC, ACQUITY Premier, and cyclic unit sales growing over 40% percent. Meanwhile, our newest instrument launches Xevo TQ Absolute, and Xevo G3 saw excellent continued traction with very strong demand. Recurring revenues grew high single digits supported by our e-commerce and service attachment growth initiatives. Our Q4 non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share was $3.84. This is up 5% year-over-year, despite FX headwinds of 8%. For the full-year, revenue grew 7% as reported and 12% in constant currency. 2022 was a very strong year for Waters where we executed well throughout the organization against a challenging macroeconomic environment. Our growth was broad-based across our geographies and end markets. Each of which grew low-double-digits or above. This strength was led by instrument sales, which grew 16% for the year with LC, mass spec, and [TA Systems] [ph] all growing double-digits. For the full-year, non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share was $12.02. This is up 7% year-over-year, despite FX headwinds of 9%. Now, as we enter 2023, our end markets remain robust and healthy with strong customer demand for our products. These attractive end markets [indiscernible] growth drivers and are well funded. We saw solid auto growth in the fourth quarter and our backlog remains at elevated levels. We expect the strong instrument sales we saw in 2022 to drive future growth in our recurring revenues. So, our end markets are healthy. We've regained our commercial momentum. Innovation has been revitalized and we have strengthened our organization with new leadership capabilities, bringing a proven track record in transformation. Now, we're entering the next phase of our execution strategy as we accelerate our path toward faster growth. This brings us now to the chart on the next slide. As you can see, biologics manufacturing is a complex process and we have shared an example which shows how large scale monoclonal antibodies are produced. It starts with the upstream production of the drug substance where the raw material components are fingerprinted and monitored during initial cell culture creation before the protein or antibody of choice is produced. Then in downstream manufacturing, cells and debris are separated from the [indiscernible] in a series of filtration and separation steps. Each step involves numerous stages of testing to ensure that the product is stable and effective. Then as a last step, in QA/QC, the final purified drug product is formulated and filled in vials of prefilled syringes. Throughout the process, different tools and technologies are required for characterization, depending upon what you need to analyze liquid chromatography with ultraviolet detection or LC-UV is used extensively across all four stages. At the same time, mass spec is increasingly being used with BioAccord seeing a lot of traction in cell culture media characterization, clone selection and process optimization in both upstream and downstream manufacturing. It is also seeing adoption in QA/QC applications. We shared details on this at the beginning of the year and have included a slide in the appendix. In addition to LC-UV and LC-MS, powerful techniques such as dynamic light scattering and multi-angle light scattering are also used to give relevant information about the size, molecular weight, and aggregation of biologics by combining the data from each of these detectors our customers can develop a more comprehensive profile of their biologics. This is essential to speeding up the manufacturing process and reducing the cost of complex biologics such as cell and gene therapies. The bioanalytical characterization market is around 1.8 billion growing around 10% to 12%. Waters already has a strong established position in LC-UV and LC mass spec, whereas Wyatt Technology is a pioneer in light scattering. Hence this combination is a fantastic opportunity to integrate our powerful analytical technologies, which are highly complementary to each other and will accelerate our journey in this opportunity. Let me now ask Geof to describe the company and its highly innovative portfolio. Geoff? 
Geof Wyatt: Thanks again, Udit. Well, Wyatt is a remarkable company and we owe much of its success in high growth applications to our amazing team. Our flagship technology is multi-angle light scattering MALS, which is used by leading biopharma, biotech, and academic institutions to measure fundamental properties of complex biologics, including cell and gene therapies, mRNA vaccines, biopolymers, biosimilars, and therapeutic protein. We're based here in Santa Barbara, California and have 225 outstanding employees of whom roughly 25% have Ph.D.’s. Over the past 40 years, we've built Wyatt into the recognized leader in light scattering detection, defining the segment very much like Waters did for liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry. Our sales have grown around 20% on a three-year CAGR to approximately $110 million in 2022. We're also a highly profitable business with an adjusted operating margin of approximately 40%. More than 80% of our revenues are in large molecule applications. Our biopharma customers are eager to use light scattering for QA/QC applications and have been keen for us to combine our software with Empower. So, you can only imagine how excited we are with this combination, which will add additional choices and capabilities for our existing customers and let us delight even more. Back to you, Udit.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Geoff. I look forward to welcoming our new colleagues to Waters. Let's now talk about some of the benefits that integrating Wyatt and Waters’ capabilities that provide for our customers. In our existing Waters portfolio, our [LC system] [ph] separate complex mixtures into individual constituents for both property analysis by UV and detailed characterization by mass spec. These are properties such as titer aggregation and protein sequence. A missing piece has been additional critical information about the intact molecule, like the Empty/Full capsid ratio of adeno associated viruses or the size of lipid nano particles or mRNA therapies. These will be augmented by Wyatt’s MALS detectors, which will allow our customers to develop a more comprehensive critical quality attribute profile for their biologics. This is essential to fully characterizing their manufacturing process. In each case for these tools to gain successful adoption in point of view settings, they must be: Number 1, sophisticated, but simple for use in high volume applications, such as what we've already demonstrated with BioAccord; Number 2, supported by leading service like Waters already has to help run workflows and respond to evolving needs; And Number 3, and most importantly, they need to be connected to a common informatics platform so that all the data comes together in one place. Our ambition is to create an ecosystem of sophisticated, yet simple instruments that can all use Empower to collect data and submit to regulators. No differently than what Waters established for small molecules years ago. This transaction will create a number of compelling revenue synergies and results in an attractive set of pro-forma financials. First, from a geographic footprint, Waters revenues are highly diversified, whereas Wyatt’s presence is concentrated in the United States. This provides us an opportunity to expand Wyatt’s geographic footprint in Europe and Asia, particularly in China. Second, HPLC instruments and size exclusion chemistry columns are sold together with light scattering instruments. We expect to see cross-selling synergies with our liquid chromatography instruments and chemistry. Third, Wyatt’s instruments and expertise will enable Waters to meaningfully accelerate the high growth adjacency opportunity in bioanalytical characterization. This will give our customers an unmatched set of analytical solutions across large molecule applications and will augment our ability to create a comprehensive bioanalytical platform. And fourth, Wyatt’s portfolio is well-established in upstream development settings for large molecule applications today. Waters’ Empower platform, as well as our presence and expertise in high volume down-stream recurring applications will accelerate the use of light scattering and biologics manufacturing and in QA/QC. Now, to the pro-forma. The combination will increase our large molecule footprint to around 35% of our pharmaceutical revenues. Our increased exposure to these faster growing markets will raise the combined growth profile of the markets we serve by at least 50 basis points. We expect the transaction to contribute more than 60 basis points to our annualized constant currency growth over the next five years. We also expect it to add more than 50 basis points to our industry leading adjusted operating margin. Net, we expect to realize a high-single-digit plus return on invested capital by year five, although we expect the Wyatt business to grow low-double-digits in the near-to-mid-term. In addition, we expect this combination to create more than 70 million in annualized revenue synergies by year five. Now, I would like to pass the call to Amol to walk us through further details on the financings. He will then continue covering our fourth quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for 2023. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. It's been great to work with Geoff, Cliff, and the entire team at Wyatt Technology. Like Udit, I'm very thankful to the Wyatt family for considering us as the rightful stewards of their mission and legacy and for providing us this opportunity to create value for our customers and for our shareholders. Now, to the transaction highlights. This 1.36 billion investment will result in immediate accretion of our revenue growth and our adjusted operating margin percentage. The synergies that Udit just described, along with Wyatt’s highly attractive financials, are expected to result in accretive non-GAAP EPS impact as early as first quarter of 2024. Altogether, as Udit mentioned, this combination is expected to deliver a high-single-digit plus return on invested capital by year five. We will fund this investment through cash on our balance sheet and existing debt capacity that is available on our revolver. On day one, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio will be around 2.3. We will temporarily suspend our share buyback program for the remainder of 2023 and will utilize our free cash flow to pay down the debt through the rest of the year. We expect our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to land at around 1.7 by year-end 2023. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of this year subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions. Now, to our fourth quarter financial results. We delivered an excellent close to a very strong year for Waters with constant currency growth of 9%. Waters division grew 8%, and TA grew 15%. By end market, pharma grew 6%, Industrial grew 14%, and academic and government grew 8%, which Udit already covered. By geography, sales in Asia grew 7%, Americas grew 8%, and Europe grew 11%. In Asia, growth in region overall was strong. Japan grew 25% and India grew 15%. China declined low single digits for the quarter, as a sharp increase in COVID infections at year-end resulted in delayed spending due to customer site closures. We expect these headwinds from the post-zero COVID reopening to continue into the first quarter of 2023 before catching up throughout the remainder of the year. In other regions, the U.S. grew 8% and Europe grew 11% with broad strength across end-markets. By products and services, instruments grew 10%, led by mass spec, which grew over 30%. Recurring revenues grew 7% with chemistry up 8%, and service up 7%. Finally, TA grew 15% with double-digit growth across our major geographies. Growth was led by sales in electronics, and battery applications, as well as strong growth in advanced materials and chemical testing. Looking now at our full-year results. By end market, pharma grew 10%, industrial grew 15%, and academic and government grew 13%. In pharma, growth was led by large molecule applications, which grew mid-teens, while small molecule grew high-single-digits. By geography, sales in Asia grew 12%. Americas grew 14%, and Europe grew 10%. By products and services, instruments grew 16% for the full-year with liquid chromatography, mass spec, and TA system sales all up double-digits. In our recurring revenues, chemistry grew 9% supported by our strong launch of MAX peak premier columns in large molecule applications and further expansion in digital commerce adoption. Service grew 8% with continued expansion in attachment rates, which increased 150 basis points in 2022 and have increased 350 basis points since 2019. Now, I would like to comment on our fourth quarter and full-year non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 59.4%, up 140 basis points versus prior year, driven by sales volume and pricing, partially offset by inflationary costs. For the full-year, gross margin came in as expected at 58%. Operating margin for the quarter was 33.7%, growth of 110 basis points versus prior year, driven by gross margin dynamics. For the full-year, operating margin was approximately 30.2%, which was flat with last year. On an underlying basis, we expanded our operating margins by approximately 100 basis points versus our guide of 20 basis points to 30 basis points at the beginning of the year. This is net of our investments in higher growth adjacencies and despite the higher instrument mix in our revenue. On an as reported basis, our expansion was offset by 80 basis points of FX headwinds and 20 basis points of additional compensation to help our colleagues with the temporary impacts of inflation. In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was 17.6% and for the full-year it was 15.6%. For the full-year as anticipated, our effective tax rate increased by 180 basis points, primarily due to change regarding the capitalization of R&D costs. Average share count came in at 59.6 million shares, which is about 1.8 million less than the fourth quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the fourth quarter increased 5% to $3.84, compared with $3.67 last year. Foreign exchange headwinds lowered our non-GAAP EPS growth by 8%. On a GAAP basis, our earnings for fully diluted share was $3.81. For the full-year, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share increased 7% to $12.02, versus $11.20 in the prior year. The foreign exchange headwind lowered our non-GAAP EPS growth by 9%. On a GAAP basis, full-year earnings per share was $11.73. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment, and our balance sheet, we define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, and excludes special items. In the fourth quarter of 2022, free cash flow was 145 million after funding 62 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from this free cash flow was $8 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operations. In the quarter, we continued to build inventory to secure supply and build safety stock, given strong instrument demand. For the full-year, free cash flow was 506 million after funding 176 million of capital expenditures and includes approximately 100 million of additional inventory versus the prior year-end. Excluded from the free cash flow, was 32 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operations and a 38 million tax reform payment. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity, and a well-structured debt maturity profile. This trend allows us the ability to prioritize investing in growth, including M&A, which will meaningfully accelerate value creation in well thought out attractive adjacent markets. In Q4, we repurchased approximately 475,000 shares of our common stock for 149 million. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position was approximately 1.1 billion with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1.1. Now, as we look towards the year ahead, I would like to provide you with our thoughts for 2023. We have seen strong performance throughout 20 22, driven by robust end market demand, excellent commercial execution across our geographies, and new product introductions driving growth. As we enter 2023, we expect our sales momentum to remain solid in our durable end markets and that our refreshed portfolio and growth initiatives will continue to enhance our performance. These dynamic support of full-year 20 23 guidance of organic constant currency sales growth of 5% to 6.5%, excluding Wyatt. At current rates, negative currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 1 percentage point resulting in full-year reported organic sales growth guidance of 4% to 5.5%. We expect the Wyatt transaction to close in the second quarter of 2023, and depending on the timing, we expect it to add approximately 2% to 3% to our full-year 2023 revenue growth. Therefore, our total reported sales growth guidance is 6% to 8.5% versus 2022, including Wyatt. For the full-year 2023, organic gross margin is expected to be approximately 58% and organic operating margin is expected to be approximately 30%. Before FX, this includes 20 basis points to 30 basis points of net margin expansion after 70 basis points to 80 basis points of investment in high growth adjacencies. FX is expected to be a headwind of 50 basis points, particularly in the first half of the year. The addition of Wyatt in Q2 is expected to be accretive to our full-year 2023 adjusted operating margin by 20 basis points to 30 basis points. Excluding the transaction, we expect our full-year net interest expense to be approximately 42 million. The transaction is expected to add 27 million to 43 million of additional interest expense, depending on the timing of the close. The full-year tax rate is expected to remain at approximately 15.5%. Since we will be temporarily suspending our share repurchase program for the remainder of the year and using free cash flow to pay down debt, our average diluted 2023 share count is expected to be approximately 59.5 million. Rolling all this together, on a non-GAAP basis, our full-year 2023 earnings for fully diluted share guidance, excluding the transaction is projected in the range of $12.70 to $12.90. This represents 6% to 7% growth versus last year and includes a negative currency impact of approximately 3 percentage points at current FX rates. The Wyatt transaction is expected to be accretive to EPS, as early as in the first quarter of 2024. And this is even net of our share buyback suspension for the remainder of 2023. Overall, we expect it to deliver a high single digit plus adjusted return on invested capital, net of tax by year five. Due to interest expense incurred on higher debt balance, and the suspension of share repurchase program this year, the transaction is expected to result in a 2023 EPS headwind of approximately $0.15. Hence, including Wyatt, non-GAAP full-year 2023 earnings per fully diluted share is projected in the range of $12.55 to $12.75. Looking to the first quarter of 2023, we expect constant currency sales growth to be 4% to 6%, which is 10% to 11% on a two-year stacked growth. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 4 percentage points resulting in first quarter reported sales growth guidance of flat to 2%. First quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.65 with a negative currency impact of approximately 6 percentage points. Now, I would like to turn it back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol, as I outlined at the beginning of our transformation journey and later at our Investor Day last year, our first focus was to regain our commercial momentum and strengthen our organization with new leadership capabilities. As you have observed over the last 2.5 years, we have delivered incredible results with consistently strong execution, and we have assembled an amazing leadership team that brings with it a proven track record in transformation, which is pivotal to driving seamless integration. Our second focus was to revitalize our portfolio. The success of our new product launches, the increased vitality index of our portfolio, and the rich pipeline ahead of us underscores our accomplishments this year. Today, we're entering our next phase, which is to accelerate value creation for our customers and shareholders by adding a fantastic fast growing technology platform. And increasing our capabilities to address high growth adjacent markets. So, with that, I'll turn the call back over to Caspar.
Caspar Tudor : Thank you, Udit. That concludes our formal comments and we are now ready to open the phone lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is coming from Luke Sergott of Barclays. Your line is open.
Luke Sergott: Hi guys. Thanks for the question here. So, I guess, before we get into Wyatt, can you kind of give us a sense on continued instrument strength you guys hear it a lot? Your visibility here, how the backlog built, mass back up over 30%, that's from the strength in the business building here the last six months. Any kind of color here we can get going forward on that – on the new instrument launches there in the revitalization?
Udit Batra: Sure. Sure, Luke. Thank you for the question. So, instrument growth in the quarter, again, finished with double-digit instrument growth. For the year, it's 16%. And it's really across the board, right? For the full-year, you see mass spec well into the [20s] [ph], TA in the high-teens, LC also in the double-digit range. And this is largely due to the success of our commercial initiatives, which were around instrument replacement and really focusing on our new product launches.  And there you've seen a complete revitalization of the portfolio, especially on the mass spec side, where we've gained traction in biologics application with the Xevo G3 with the BioAccord more recently with the cyclic and [indiscernible] absolute for food and environmental applications [on the light] [ph]. On the LC side, same thing with Arc HPLC and ACQUITY Premier. So, you see very strong new products coming through, which are gaining traction. Now, as we look ahead, I mean, orders are as strong as ever. We see a very, very healthy backlog going into the year. And as we look forward, the end markets are still very robust, right. So, we don't expect – and across the board, they are pretty robust, in industrial pharma itself, as well as academic with additional funding, but as we look ahead, I would caution against using the 16% and extrapolating. I think we've been saying this for a while, these are incredible growth numbers.  On a stacked basis, you're looking at double-digit growth for instruments, but we cannot expect the instrument growth to continue at a double-digit level. I mean the long-term average is around 3% to 4%. And if I were to just dig into the guide a little bit, when we say 5% to 6.5%, so the 5% – if you just take the higher-end and then make it consistent, let's say, with the recurring revenues and the lower-end consistent with the instrument growth in the future, long-term averages for instrument growth are between 3% and 4%. Add 100 basis points of additional commercial execution and another 100 basis points for pricing, and there you have the 5%-ish instrument growth. So, we think it – long term, we should be seeing healthy instrument growth. And I've heard several comments which say, ‘hey, you've seen serious significant instrument growth, will it come crashing down?’ Not at all. We don't see any signs of that. We do see it reverting back to, sort of long-term growth averages, and we think we will out-execute the overall market growth with our commercial initiatives, with our new products and with additional pricing.
Luke Sergott: All right. Great. Just a quick follow-up on that. Can you clarify if orders grew faster than sales? And then I'd love to dig in on Wyatt where – so where that fits into the overall characterization portfolio? So, you have the BioAccord on the raw materials on the upstream, where would Wyatt's light scattering technologies, kind of fit into the overall instrument portfolio and the bioprocessing workflow?
Udit Batra: This is a fantastic question. So, the orders are growing very nicely, Luke. And we've been saying that for a while, and they continue to do so. Now, moving on to Wyatt, look, it's a perfect strategic fit. We've been talking about bioanalytical characterization, a 1.8 billion market, growing 10% to 12%. And Wyatt a 110 million, I mean, there are hardly many companies that are accretive to us in the industry on margins, 40% margins and growing at a 20%-ish CAGR, right? So, terrific, terrific financial profile. When you look at the bioanalytical space, and you talk about LC-UV and LC-mass spec, LC-UV and mass spec are used to characterize the sequence of the proteins, the configuration of the proteins, the chemical composition, right. There are exquisite techniques to characterize the composition of the molecules and the composition of raw materials, upstream, downstream process development, and of course, in QA/QC. Light scattering, on the other hand, gives you biophysical characterization, the size of the molecule, the level of aggregation of the molecule, think about monoclonal antibodies and proteins. And even more exciting these days is what it does for us in viral vector therapies, empty versus full [indiscernible], right. Light scattering allows you to get at that lipid nanoparticles, how aggregated they are, how well characterized, how full they are with mRNA molecules. Super exciting applications. And our customers, and Geof and Cliff tell me, have been asking us – or their customers have been asking us to integrate it with a compliant software platform so they can use it in QA/QC applications. It's already used by a significant number of large pharma players as an at-line testing tool. So, super excited, highly complementary. It gives you even a better footprint of biologics. And our dream is – and our ambition is to make large molecule characterization similar to small molecule characterization as we've done in the past.
Operator: The next question is coming from Vijay Kumar of Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys. Congrats on the transaction. And I had two questions. Udit, first maybe on the guidance here. The 5% to 6.5% guide for the year, what is that resuming for pricing and China outlook? And I thought FX headwinds came down. Why is FX a margin headwind?
Udit Batra: So, I'll comment a bit on China first and what we expect there, and I'll pass it on to Amol to take it up from there. Look, Q4 in China, I mean, has been especially tough with 50% to 75% of our colleagues, at any point in time, being infected due to the reopening. And despite that, if you take from November last year, we had a shipment delay from third quarter to fourth quarter. And if you take that into account, China grew roughly 4%-ish, despite that headwind.  We expect our colleagues to, of course, enjoy the Chinese New Year, reconnect with their families after several years and we see the same with the customers. So, step-by-step, I think China will open up. We expect better growth in the second half of the year than the first half. But Vijay, as you can imagine, it's anyone's guess how fast this comes back. We currently assume a high single-digit-ish, sort of growth for the full-year with the second half of the year being stronger than the first half. Amol, do you want to talk about the guide in FX?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, I mean, look, Vijay, the FX situation has improved versus what we said at the end of Q3 earnings call. Now, we are looking at 1% headwind on sales and about 3% headwind on EPS. The 3% headwind on EPS translates to about 50 basis points headwind on operating margin. And the reason for that is, I mean, U.S. dollar progressively strengthened throughout the course of 2022, and then it, sort of weakened towards the end of 2022. But where it is today, it is still a significant headwind for the first half of the year 2023, and that is, sort of playing through the numbers. And the reason there is an headwind on the operating margin is, we are one of the most geographically diversified companies in the sector, and we have a lot of revenue coming out of markets like Japan and China. And while we are operationally hedged in a currency like euro and pound, we still have significant profit there. So, if you have a headwind that profit shrinks, and then we don't have the level of cost structure in these other markets like China and Japan, which then creates higher FX flow-through on our operating margin versus our sales profile by a little bit. And that's why you see the headwind on FX, on operating margin.
Udit Batra: And just, Vijay, your question on pricing, it was roughly 300 basis points. For this year, we expect 200 basis points as an assumption for 2023. And you can imagine that's largely because the inflation is still not gone. Second, our new products definitely should command a higher margin as we go forward. And then, finally, the teams have built a muscle through these very, very difficult times on passing on pricing wherever it seems [reasonable] [ph].
Amol Chaubal: And [indiscernible], I mean we had 80 basis points of headwind on FX. And the business was resilient. It sort of offset pretty much all that impact and delivered a flat operating margin. So, if dollar goes back to where it started back in 2022, I mean, all the work is done in terms of margin expansion.
Udit Batra: Now going into the year, we feel very good about where our margin profile is.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful Udit. And one quick one on the acquisition, 70 million of revenue synergies. That's a big number relative to Wyatt's revenue base. Can you give us some background on how well was this asset known? What kind of due diligence was done? What Wyatt's revenue mix is coming from established biopharma versus early stage? What gives you the confidence in the revenue synergy?
Udit Batra: It's a lot of questions. I'll try to take them one after the other. 80% of the applications for Wyatt are in large molecule applications. As you know, we screen, and we were pretty clear on the Investor Day, we screen a lot of targets. And I can tell you without reservation, in bioanalytical, biophysical characterization, this is the Number 1 asset that we had in our minds. So, when we spoke with Geof and we spoke with Cliff, and we started our discussions, this was not something that's unknown to us. We've known company really well, really well for a significant period of time. And what Waters does on the chemical characterization, on the composition of characterization, Wyatt does for using light scattering for physical characterization. So with 80% of their revenues coming from large molecules, the growth is roughly 20%-ish on a three-year CAGR. Margins are accretive to our margins. And as I said before, this is not something that we see in the industry as much. 110 million in sales already. It will be accretive to our revenue growth and margin growth to our revenue and margins on day one. And to the 70 million, it comes across four dimensions. First, Wyatt is heavily concentrated in the United States, and to some extent, in Europe with less than 20% of their sales coming from APAC. And as you know, with Waters, geographically quite diversified, with APAC constituting 40% of our sales. We think there's a significant opportunity to expand and serve many more customers in fast-growing areas across the globe. Second, we want to provide customers with many more choices. If you look at light scattering instruments, especially MALS, it is sold with SEC columns, and Waters has leading SEC columns industry. The LC is used as a separator before you insert products, insert molecules into light scattering for characterization, not dissimilar to mass spec. We think the attachment rates could be significantly higher as we do the software integration across the two companies.  Number 3, it starts us on the journey of building a bioanalytical platform with a suite of products that all eventually have one compliance software that can be used across to submit data to regulators. And then, finally, there is an immediate opportunity to serve our customers a really big pain point of taking MALS into QA/QC, and who better than Waters to usher that journey through. So, that's why we think, by year five, there's a potential for [70-plus million] [ph] in synergies and even higher if the bioanalytical platform starts getting established sooner than we do Empower integration faster. So that, I think, gives you a color across the synergies, Vijay.
Operator: The next question is coming from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matt Sykes: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on the acquisition and the quarter. Maybe just, if you could help us put a, kind of a finer point on services and chemistry growth in 2023. Udit, I heard your comment about think about it, sort of at the high-end of your guide, but just given the instrument growth that you've seen in 2022 and previous to that, how should we be thinking about services and chemistry growth in 2023?
Udit Batra: Yes. So, Matt, it's a great question. Look, I mean, it's a prudent guide at this stage on services in particular, right. I mean service definitely will benefit from the incredible growth that we've seen in instruments over the last two years. In addition, we've increased our attachment rates by 250 basis points since we started our transformation journey roughly to roughly two-ish years ago. But I think at this point in time, especially given the uncertainty we see in China, we think it's a prudent starting point to assume what we've assumed for service. And for chemistry, I mean, it goes from strength-to-strength. We've seen our e-commerce platform do extremely well. We now have about 35% of our sales going through e-commerce. We intend to increase that number higher. MaxPeak premier columns and the pipeline looks extremely good, especially serving larger mole complex therapies. And now with a deeper understanding after the acquisition closes of the biologics space, we think there's a significant growth opportunity there as well. And there, too, we are a bit prudent thinking through what the rest of the year holds, especially in China. So, I think that's how I would look at it, right. So, really positive, but really thinking through how the year will emerge in China. And as the year progresses, we'll have more information.
Matt Sykes: Great. And then just one quick follow-up on Europe. Obviously, very strong growth there in Q4 and for the full-year. Obviously, a mild winter there, so things seem to be better than expected. Could you just talk about what you're assuming for Europe this year and kind of thoughts in terms of the end market demand within Europe for 2023?
Udit Batra: Yes. Look, I mean Europe has been a standout across the board, right, through the early parts of the pandemic and then, of course, this year itself. And also, on a stacked basis, it looks extremely good. The full-year numbers for Europe were in the double-digit range as you've seen. As we look ahead, I mean, our assumptions are still, sort of going back to markets [indiscernible] in Europe, which is mid-to-high single-digits for the balance of 2023. The orders look extremely good across all end markets. And I'll remind you that Europe is more heavily weighted towards pharma. And then in the mass spec space, Europe came out really, really strong, especially with applications in food testing for the Xevo TQ Absolute and environmental testing, which is where we saw the first and the fastest adoption of mass spec portfolio. So, mid- to high single digits with all the puts and takes, really excited about what we're seeing in terms of mass spec, especially in pharma and industrial in Europe.
Operator: The next question is coming from Dan Brennan of Cowen. Your line is open.
Dan Brennan: Great, thanks. Thanks for the questions. And obviously, congrats on the quarter and this deal. Maybe just one on Wyatt to start off. Just kind of a multi-part of your obvious question is the company has been growing 20%, your guidance is 10% to 12%. Is that just prudence or is there any [indiscernible] the numbers just kind of why, why that delta? And then could you just clarify like what percent of their business – you said 80% is biologics? What percent of that is actually used in manufacturing, whether on a clinical basis or on a commercial basis versus R&D today?
Udit Batra: So look, Dan, firstly, thank you for your question. You can imagine that we're just getting into the integration, and there is, of course, a little bit of prudence built in, and we want to make sure that we start off on the right foot. As the integration goes, we don't expect the business to slow down, but that's – the low double-digit guide has that in the assumptions.  And in terms of biologics, I mean, a bulk of the applications are in large pharma, in discovery and development and in QA/QC and online and at-line testing. So, I mean, I think that's where you see most of the applications and increasingly now more weighted towards cell and gene therapy applications where the small particles need to be characterized really well before they are injected into people. So, I hope that gives you more color. And we don't intend to break down the full biologics piece, but you can imagine it's mostly late stage and [PAD testing] [ph] and QA/QC, Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean not much COVID in the numbers, right? So it's pretty clean in that sense. So, I would say a bit prudence there. And then here on the second piece, I mean, light scattering is further along in terms of upstream adoption in large molecule setting. I mean, as Geof mentioned, customers are eager to take it downstream. And now with this, and with our Empower platform, we will be able to accelerate that journey.
Udit Batra: And then just one last thing. I've used light scattering myself in my Ph.D., I didn't want to let the call finish without stating this. And I was reviewing my Ph.D. thesis before this call. And you know what, of course, it's great. And for the life [indiscernible], I don’t understand all the equations that I was using to analyze it. So, we're super excited even at a personal level to get access to the technology.
Dan Brennan: Great. And then just maybe one on the instrument outlook. Listen, kudos, the growth has been outstanding. Just wondering on the 5% instrument outlook, I mean investors have become accustomed to Waters' exceeding the numbers that you put out, and there's still a lot of really positive momentum there. It looks like it's around an 8% four-year CAGR, if you want to look at that. Just kind of give us a sense what's baked in on the 5%, Udit, maybe for mass spec specifically? And is there – like that 8% CAGR, I know you’ve kind of talked about the 3% to 4% long-term trend, and you're trying to be prudent here, but just maybe give us a sense on what the mass spec contribution is? And to the extent we were to get 12 months out, and you were to be stronger than that? Like where do you think the biggest opportunity would be for that? Thank you.
Udit Batra: Dan, same thing, right? I mean we don't expect mass spec to fall off a cliff. I mean the applications are tremendous. The 5%-ish, I mean, the math is pretty simple, right? I mean, 3% to 4% long-term growth, 100 basis points of pricing in addition to the past and about 100 basis points of commercial execution and innovation in that number. And you can imagine, I mean, look, coming off such really, really strong growth over the last two years, we think the growth will start to normalize. Now that said, there's also a bit of prudence with China built in, right. I mean China is one of our fastest-growing markets. And I think, at this point in time, we feel comfortable saying, look, it's a high single-digit market by the end of the year. If the recovery goes faster, of course, there's upside and if they is more traction for new products, there is upside, right. So, I think it's a great place to start the year, and we'll keep you posted as more facts emerge.
Operator: The next question is coming from Derik De Bruin, Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi, good morning. And thank you for taking my question. Can we talk a little bit about the pharma business, please? The 6% growth in the quarter, a little bit lower than we were looking for. Can you unpack that, talk about what was the potential impact from China? What are you seeing in demand at CROs and CDMOs, I mean that's been a driver? Have they pulled back on capital spending at all? And just, sort of your major peer in LC has talked about some of the slowing of the replacement cycle in LC and pharma in the second half of the year. Just sort of wondering what you're going to bake in for that? So, just a little bit more color on your pharma business, please. Thank you.
Udit Batra: Thanks, Derik, for the question. Look, I mean pharma is a healthy end market. We see no weakness in pharma, especially as we are in the late stages of pharma, right. Discovery – sorry, late-stage development in QA/QC. From the numbers perspective, on a full-year basis, it's double-digit growth for the Q, it came in at 6%, largely because of China. If you exclude China, it's also double-digit growth. That should hopefully give you some clarity on what we're seeing in pharma. Going forward, we don't see the demand abating at all, right. We see significant demand for our products on the instrument side, especially mass spec and to some extent, LCs with the new products as well. We see very nice traction on the consumable side and service should benefit from really strong instrument growth that we've seen over the past two years. So, I see really no slowdown, especially as the portfolio now even more so goes towards large molecules, especially biologics, on mass spec, on LC with the instruments, especially like Acuity Premier for consumables, especially with MaxPeak. And with mass spec, with the BioAccord gaining increasing traction, with the G3 Qtof gaining more and more traction, we feel very good about what we see in pharma going forward. Now to your question on slowdown on LC cycles, look, I mean, we don't expect any of the instruments to be overall growing between 16% and 20% like we've seen in the last couple of years. I mean that's – we've always been very clear about it. Where the new normal occurs is something that will emerge over the next few months, but it's not going to go back to zero or negative growth, that we are 100% certain, right. So that's why we've guided 5% to 6.5%, and Dan had asked that question earlier on what is the justification for 5%. We think it's a prudent starting point for the year. Amol, anything to add on the instrument side?
Amol Chaubal: No, I think you covered it well.
Operator: The next question is coming from Rachel Vatnsdal of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. [Indiscernible] on the quarter and the deal. So, first up, I just, kind of on the follow-up on some of these China comments. You talked about China returning to high single-digit growth for the year in 2023, but I really wanted to dig into the expectations embedded into that 1Q guide for China. So, you noted that China declined low-single-digits in 4Q, and that you expect that to continue into 1Q. So, can you just give us some color on, do you expect further sequential declines in China? And then how much of a headwind do you think China will be to that 4% to 6% growth that you've guided to for 1Q?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, I mean, look, we expect some of the headwinds we saw in China in Q4 to continue into Q1. And our adjusted Q4, when you adjust for that shipping was sort of 4%, and we think sort of our Q1 in China would be similar. And then as we know, you know China bounces back very quickly. And so, we expect that trend to, sort of catch up through the remainder of the year when people are back to work.
Udit Batra: Yes. In terms of end markets – Rachel, this Udit, in terms of end markets, in terms of what we see as visibility, there is no signal that the fundamental demand for our products in China is slowing down. There is no sub signal. So, we feel very good about China and it's a good place to start at the beginning of the year to assume a high single-digit-ish growth. And as I mentioned, if the recovery is faster, of course, you expect faster growth.
Operator: The next question is coming from Josh Waldman, Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Josh Waldman: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Udit, I appreciate you were reviewing your Ph.D. thesis before the call, really covering all your bases. Just two questions for you, I think, Udit. Wondered if you could give us an update on where you think Waters is in the LC replacement opportunity? Maybe comment on what portion of the LC sold in 2022 were in the Acuity or Arc platform versus legacy alliance? And what you think that could look like in 2023? Just I guess curious your thoughts on like if we do see a slowing in the LC replacement cycle, kind of broadly, do you think Waters' push to rotate customers into the [new RLC] [ph] platforms could elongate that refresh?
Udit Batra: Yes. So Josh, thank you for your comment. Look, on the LC replacement cycle, and I guess, overall, the instrument replacement cycle, we've been pretty clear, we're almost one-third of the way through in 2022 when we started about two years, two-ish years ago. So, there's a pretty significant runway. Now, it's – these things don't go in a smooth, smooth way, right? So, they go in – given that these are large orders, they go in a lumpy cycle, be it LC, be it mass spec, be it Acuity, be it Arc. So, I think that's the first comment on what you should expect in terms of smoothness of the growth. Second, in terms of what has accelerated the growth and how the replacement cycle has happened? Undoubtedly, the introduction of Arc HPLC has given the customers a more of an [impetus] [ph] to replace the old alliance instruments. And that has helped us quite a bit. Some of them have also replaced it with the Acuity line, which is more the UPLC space. But like-for-like, there are equal number of customers who've gone from Alliance to Alliance, customers have gone from Alliance to Arc, and then fewer have gone from Alliance to Acuity. Acuity, I'll remind you, is a UPLC platform, whereas Arc HPLC was specifically designed for high volume small molecule applications in QA/QC, and it's a direct, sort of replacement for Alliance. So, I hope that gives you a bit more color. But I think the right assumption would be Alliance to Arc HPLC and Alliance to Alliance. And then Acuity, small minority of applications.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Good morning. Congrats on the Wyatt deal, had just a question on that, which is, could you tell us what is their mix today of instruments versus recurring? Do you think there's any opportunity to shift that over time? And then just one clarification, $70 million of revenue synergies, is that included in the low to mid-teens growth you talked about? Or is that being additive or...
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, let me quickly cover the second one. The load double-digit growth that we're talking about, that's the stand-alone business, the 70 million synergies that we are talking about are sort of incremental to that. And on the first question, there's roughly about 75% of the revenue is instruments, roughly a quarter today is what we traditionally call recurring revenue. But as you know with Waters, we think instruments are also recurring. And again, there is a great opportunity on that, not just on the light scattering platform, but also the HPLC and the SEC columns that go with it.
Udit Batra: Yes. I mean – and with such a significant service team around the globe, slightly shy of 2,000 people, we believe that there is a significant opportunity to increase the service attachment rates. And in addition, about 1,400 to 1,500 sales, field sales representatives should help us increase penetration of light scattering. And Geof is smiling, as I say that, light scattering is deeper into our collective customer segments. So extremely, extremely excited about the opportunity there. But as Amol said, we think of instruments as recurring just as much as we think of service and consumables. They just recur over a longer time frame. And if you're disciplined, you can make sure that they are.
Operator: The next question is coming from Patrick Donnelly of Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey guys, thank you for taking the questions. Udit, maybe one on the industrial piece, that put up pretty nice growth in the quarter, I think, in the mid-teens. Can you just talk about what you're seeing there? I mean, I know in the past quarters, you talked a little bit about PFAs testing, environmental being nice tailwinds. So, maybe just talk to what you're hearing from the customer base their expectations into 2023. Thanks.
Udit Batra: Sure. So thanks for the question, Patrick. Industrial for the year just on the fact, I mean, grew 15%. And we saw nice high teens in the U.S., mid-teens in Europe, China, high single digit to low teens despite the lockdowns. And industrial across the board, right, so applications in food testing with the Xevo TQ Absolute, with PFAs testing was excellent. The PA business with battery testing, especially with the introduction of our new [indiscernible], we see incredible opportunity there to increase penetration of our existing instruments, and that's been going extremely well. And electronics, electronic chemicals testing has also been doing extremely well in the TA business, which has been in the high teens in the Industrial segment. So industrial, across all regions, across the food and environmental segments, as well as materials segment has been doing extremely well. So, I hope that gives you color on how we explained the results so far. Going forward, with the new products, there is a lot more runway for Xevo TQ Absolute and PFAs applications. We intend, of course, to take that instrument into the pharma space. We think there's incredible opportunity. For TA, we are seeing really, really good traction of our products in the battery testing value chain, all the way from raw materials to process development, not unlike bioprocessing, to now establishing online, at-line testing with our instruments for several of our customers. So, also going forward, a really healthy outlook. And I think the only prudence that we, sort of built-in is with what we expect in China, like China is a pretty strong grower in that segment as well, and we want to make sure that we get more data before we start reaching out more.
Operator: The next question is coming from Puneet Souda, SVB Securities. Your line is open.
Puneet Souda : Yes. Hi, Udit and Geoff, congrats on this acquisition. It's great to see a light scattering outlook going into QA/QC. So, maybe my first question there is, when we look at the downstream QA/QC and late stages, when you look at the [five-year 70 million] [ph] synergies, is that sort of the time line you're thinking about moving light scattering into a number of these applications? And, Udit, could you maybe elaborate what is needed to integrate MALS into Empower? And what's the, sort of the outlook for Empower potentially becoming, sort of the backbone for biomolecules with BioAccord and light scattering? And last one, if I could squeeze in, any thoughts on the China loan stimulus benefit for 2023? Thank you.
Operator: To your first question, Puneet – thanks for the question. So, your first question on light scattering and its application in biologics, light scattering is actually further ahead than mass spec in late stages of characterization of particles. As you can imagine – and particles being biologics here. As you can imagine, proteins, when they are purified, can sometimes appear as aggregates. And this can create severe immunogenetic responses in patients. And so, light scattering is the technique of choice to ensure that the proteins that we consume as therapeutics or viral vectors for cell and gene therapy are not aggregated. This is the instrument of choice for it. So, there is a pretty significant penetration in some large accounts and key accounts for light scattering. We see a lot of opportunity in that area to expand geographically and also to take it into key accounts that Waters has had and relationships at Waters has had, especially in QA/QC.  Now, to your question on Empower, look, I would think about software in two to three steps, right. The first step is to make sure that the instruments talk to each other, and that work has been ongoing for a while as the companies have collaborated over the years. And so, there's a data bridge that would be built, rather seamless data bridge so our customers can transfer data from one instrument to the other and control one instrument from the software of the other. The final piece is, of course, on Empower and the compliance software. That is an ambition that we have for instruments across the board, not just light scattering for mass spec, as well as LC-UV and several other instruments. And that's a journey that we have started with the Waters Connect platform. The architecture is rather open. So, you can imagine, over the next one to two years, you should start to see serious progress in that direction. So, it's slightly longer term than the immediate talking of instruments to each other and transferring data from one to the other.
Amol Chaubal: And just to clarify that, on the 70 million that we talk about, there is very little – or we are assuming that is the time where it's super early days on Empower. Most of that is coming really from geographical expansion and SEC column and HPLC attachment.
Udit Batra: Yes. So, the first two synergies, geographic expansion, segment expansion, increased attachment over the next five-year period get us to close to 70 million. And the last two, the larger sort of opportunities, the more ambition with the bioanalytical platform. And taking MALS into QC with Empower is something that we expect in the latter part of the five-year period, but not a significant contribution to the 70 billion.
Amol Chaubal: And then the last piece on China, Puneet, I mean it's early days. We're still evaluating. Hard to put a number at this stage on that.
Udit Batra: So at this point, I want to thank you for your participation and all your questions. And on behalf of our entire management team, on behalf of Geof and Cliff and the Wyatt family, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in our company. Thank you very much.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s call. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Caspar Tudor, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter earnings call. Today, I'm joined by Dr. Udit Batra, Waters President and Chief Executive Officer; and Amol Chaubal, Waters Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. In this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the fourth quarter of 2022, full-year 2022 and 2023. These statements are only our present expectations and actual events or results may differ materially. For more details please see the risk factors included in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Qs and the cautionary lanaguage included in this morning’s press release. During today's call, we will be refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including in our discussions of the results of operations. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation, which are available on the company's website. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates and ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Finally, we do not intend to update our predictions all projections except as part of our regularly scheduled, quarterly earnings release or as otherwise required by law. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Udit to deliver our key messages for the quarter, then Amol will provide a more detailed look at our financial results. After we will open the phone lines up to take questions. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning, everyone. We continue to deliver excellent results in the third quarter with very strong growth across our product portfolio, our end markets and geographies. This was led by instrument growth of more than 20%. Similar to previous quarters, orders again outpaced sales. A result like this takes an exceptional effort and dedication from all our colleagues. We are very proud of what our teams continue to consistently deliver. Today, we have three key messages to share, which reflect the ongoing strength and exciting drivers of our business: first, we are consistently delivering strong commercial execution. Our transformation has become embedded in how we operate with a relentless focus on commercial excellence. You can see this in our results. Second, innovation at Waters is back. It's delivering across our portfolio and contributing meaningfully to our growth. Our refreshed product portfolio is answering our customers' unmet needs across a variety of applications. Adoption rates for new instruments have been impressive and are driving market share gains. Thirdly, our growth initiatives are gaining traction. We continue to make measurable progress on our high growth adjacencies and have proof points that are giving us confidence. Turning now to our third quarter results, our revenue grew 7% as reported and 15% on a constant currency basis. We saw broad strength across our end markets and geographies with robust demand from our customers. Growth in the quarter was led by industrial and academic and government, which both grew over 20% and pharma, which grew 9%. Each of our regions grew double digits. China grew over 20%, India grew 20%, Europe grew mid-teens and the U.S. grew 11%. Instruments grew over 20% with our LC, mass spec and TA portfolios each growing double digits. Mass spec growth was very strong at almost 40%. Recurring revenues grew 10% supported by our growth initiatives in e-commerce and service attachment. Our Q3 non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share was $2.64, this is roughly flat year-over-year despite FX headwinds of 13%. Now looking at our year-to-date performance. We're executing well throughout the organization despite a tough macroeconomic environment. Our strength has been broad-based across our geographies and end markets, each of which are up double-digits this year. Pharma is up 12%, industrial is up 15% and academic and government is up 16%. Instrument growth has been very strong throughout the year, growing 19% year-to-date, led by the U.S. at almost 30%. We expect this to drive future growth in our recurring revenues. Our transformation has allowed us to consistently deliver excellent results. Our three year CAGR underscores the momentum we've built across our business. Year-to-date, we've delivered 9% three-year stack growth overall on a constant currency basis. Moving on to our second key message, Innovation. Waters has long been known as an innovation leader. Our investments in innovation are again driving results and contributing meaningfully to our growth. Sales of Arc HPLC, ACQUITY Premier and Max Premier columns again doubled in the quarter versus the previous year. Our new products are solving problems that matter to our customers supported by our technical strength and strong commercial execution. Arc HPLC is driving customers to upgrade their LC fleets used for routine small molecule analysis. This is advancing customer lab capabilities and productivity, while accelerating the cadence of instrument replacement. Our MaxPeak Premier technology separates complex molecules like biologics. By eliminating the need for passivation, MaxPeak columns can get scientist answers up to 20 times faster than their non-premier equivalent. They also give sharper peaks with 12 times the sensitivity when separating oligonucleotides as an example. The customer benefits around Premier are very compelling. This has resulted in significant large molecule growth in recent quarters, which now accounts for over 30% of our pharma revenues versus 20% just a few years ago. Today, Biologics represents 20% of the pharmaceutical market, but account for 40% of the R&D pipeline positioning us very well for future growth. With our cyclic ion mobility separation high resolution MassSpec, cyclic IMS for short, scientists can separate molecules by shape, as well as mass due to the combination of iron mobility with time of flight. This is providing customers with amplified resolution and clarity. Demand has ramped up for cyclic within Omics research for lipids, proteins and metabolites, all exciting areas within early disease detection and discovery. As an example, the largest privately funded MassSpec troriomics facility in Canada has been using Cyclic for antibody sequencing and discovery. They're impressed with the quality of data that Cyclic has provided supporting their lab at the forefront of scientific discovery. Also within Massspec, we're seeing great traction for our recently launched Xevo TQ Absolute. It has seen strong demand in food and environmental applications led by Per and polyfluonated compound testing. The PFAs testing market has seen rapid growth in recent months, driven by increased surveillance testing and newly added compounds of interest. We see this as a multiyear growth opportunity. In June of this year, the U.S. EPA announced new drinking water health advisories for the four most notorious PFAs compounds setting measurement levels finer than parts per billion. TQ Absolute is so sensitive, it can detect PFAs at one part or quadrillion. This is less than a grain of sand in an Olympic sized swimming pool. TQ Absolute's ability to quantity lower bundles molecules is beyond anything on the market and gives us the right to win in this space. Since launching TQ Absolute, we won competitive placement for PFAs testing across every region. In one example, a large global testing organization is using it for infant food and water testing in Southeast Asia. This customer is developing a new set of methods that can be used for routine testing across workflows in their organization. Within informatics, Waters Connect is enabling exciting new analytical areas in large molecule analysis. On instruments like the G3 Qtof and BioAccord. This includes cell culture media analysis, peptide mapping and oligonucleotide characterization. There is a lot of long-term potential in these areas given demand for stability, quality and impurity analysis. The characterization of biologics and novel modalities allows these molecules to move downstream into routine QA, QC workflows. Additionally at TA, we have added new powder rheology capabilities to our portfolio. This is to support the strong growth we're seeing in battery-related applications. Powders are critical to anode and cathode manufacturing allowing battery producers to better screen electrode coatings and solvent free dry coatings helps ensures optimal performance, prevent defects and reduce cell failure rates. According to industry sources, in the next 10 years, production of lithium ion batteries is expected to grow ten-fold. Demand is expected to exceed 4,000 gigawatt hours per year by 2032, driven by electric vehicles and energy storage. As battery volume scale RTA instrument portfolio is well positioned to support an expanding set of testing demands within the battery development and safety analysis space. One of our European customers, a fast growing Scandinavian battery producer, uses our rheumators to test incoming materials for critical electrode components. This company has tripled its purchases of DA instruments this year, reflecting not only its own growth, but the confidence they have in our technology and support as they scale their operations. I would now like to share some of the recent progress we've made in our -- towards a high growth adjacencies as our third key message. Since time is limited, I will only focus on Bioprocess Characterization. BioAccord offers a compelling value proposition to Bioprocess Engineers, it provides a paradigm shift in analytical capabilities for biologics manufacturing, which while being quick and easy to use. Through our collaboration with Sartorius, we have expanded the capabilities of BioAccord in this area. We can dramatically shorten clone selection times. We are also enabling improvements in tighter and yields, which can reduce COGS. Our value proposition is resonating amongst industry leaders. At the recent Bioprocess International Conference in Boston, which I attended personally, AstraZeneca publicly highlighted the benefits of implementing online process analytical technology using the BioAccord monitoring to monitor drug substance and cell culture media. Meanwhile, Janssen and other pharmaceutical companies are already using it to monitor vital components during cell culture production and for analysis of raw materials used in Bioprocessing. By fingerprinting components in Cell Culture Media using BioAccord, they are generating insights that can help streamline the manufacturing process. These are just a few of the early proof points we can share with you today for BioAccord. We're encouraged by the long-term opportunity we have to solve unmet needs in Bioprocess Characterization. Now, I will pass the call over to Amol to continue covering our third quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for the remainder of 2022. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. We delivered another excellent quarter in Q3 with 15% constant currency growth. Waters division grew 14% and TA grew 18%. By end market, pharma grew 9%, industrial grew 22%, and academic and government grew 29%. In pharma, we saw growth in both large and small molecule with strength across segments, applications and regions. In industrial, each of our major regions grew mid-teens or above with China up almost 30%, Europe up over 20%, and U.S. growing 16%. Growth was led by LCMS instrument sales, which grew 50% with our chemical analysis, food and environmental businesses, all delivering strong growth. In academic and government, growth was also strong across all regions. Now by geography, sales in Asia grew 18%, the Americas grew 11% and Europe grew 14%. In Asia, growth was led by China where sales grew 23% as we executed well across all trade classes, despite the challenges posed by new lockdowns. In the Americas, the U.S. grew 11% with growth across applications and end markets. Europe grew 14% in the quarter, led by industrial, which grew over 20% and pharma, which grew low double-digits. By products and services, instruments grew 21% with our LCMS and TA portfolios each growing double-digits. Recurring revenues grew 10% with chemistry up 10% and service up 9%. There was no change in the number of days versus the prior year's quarter. Finally, TA had another great quarter with sales up 18%, led by strong growth in thermal analysis and rheology. Demand for TA products remained strong across all regions with sales in electronics, and batteries continuing to ramp. Gross margin for the quarter was 56.7%, compared to 58.9% in the third quarter of 2021. We had incredible growth in instrument sales this quarter with MassSpec growing nearly 40%. While this resulted in approximately 40 basis points of adverse mix impact for the quarter, it is expected to drive future margin accretive recurring revenue growth. The strong U.S. dollar resulted in 120 basis points of FX headwind on gross margin in the quarter. We have continued to offset the impact of inflation with pricing increases. Working with our customers, our teams delivered over 350 basis points of net pricing gains in the quarter. While inflation had no net impact on our gross profit dollars, it does affect margin calculation as the revenue base is also higher. This dynamics drove the remaining difference in the year-over-year gross margin for the quarter. But again, there was no net impact of inflation on gross profit dollars or earnings per share as the incremental inflationary costs were offset by pricing increases. Operating margin for the quarter was approximately 27.8%, compared to 29.7% in the third quarter of 2021, driven primarily by foreign exchange headwinds and the gross margin dynamics. Year-to-date operating margins have expanded 70 basis points before 110 basis points of foreign exchange headwind. The expansion of 70 basis points includes the investments we have been making to nurture our higher growth adjacencies and includes the impact of higher instrument mix and the inflation dynamics I just discussed. Our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 15.1%, average share count came in at 60.1 million shares, which is about 1.8 million less than the third quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the third quarter was $2.64 in comparison to $2.66 last year. The foreign exchange headwind lowered our non-GAAP EPS growth by 13%. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share was $2.60. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning and in the appendix of our earnings call presentation. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excludes special items. In the third quarter of 2022, free cash flow was $126 million after funding $32 million of capital expenditures. Since last quarter, accounts receivable have moved back in line with historical pattern relative to our sales volume. However, we continue to build inventory as a proactive measure to secure supply and build safety stock given strong instrument demand. In the third quarter, our inventory balance increased by $32 million. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and a well structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us the ability to prioritize investing in growth, including M&A and returning capital to shareholders. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will meaningfully accelerate value creation in well thought out attractive high growth adjacent markets. In Q3, we repurchased approximately 483,000 shares of our common stock for $155 million. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position was approximately $1.1 billion with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of about $1.1 billion. Now as we look ahead to the remainder of the year, I would like to provide some updated context on our thoughts for 2022. We have seen continued strong performance this year, driven by robust end market demand, excellent commercial execution across all our geographies and new product introductions, which are driving growth. As we close the year, we expect our sales momentum to remain solid and that our refreshed portfolio and growth initiatives will continue to enhance our performance. We also expect to successfully navigate supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures assuming these challenges do not worsen. In light of this continued strong performance, we are raising our full-year 2022 guidance to 11.5% to 12% constant currency sales growth, up from our prior guide of 9.5% to 10.5%. At current rates, a negative currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 6 percentage points, resulting in a full-year reported sales growth guidance of 5.5% to 6%. Gross margin for the full-year is expected to be nearly 58% and includes 100 basis points of FX headwinds versus prior year. Operating margin is expected to be 3.2%, which includes 120 basis points of underlying margin expansion offset by 120 basis points of FX headwind. We expect our full-year net interest expense to be approximately $38 million and full-year tax rate to be approximately 15.5%. Average diluted 2022 share count is expected to be approximately 60.3 million. Our share repurchase program will continue as we progress through the rest of the year and we’ll provide updates as appropriate. Rolling all these together and on a non-GAAP basis, full-year 2022 earnings per fully diluted share are now projected in the range of $11.85 to $11.95, which is 6% to 7% growth versus last year, despite a negative currency impact of approximately 11 percentage points. What is the previous guide, our updated guidance includes improved underlying business performance of $0.14 offset by $0.24 of higher FX headwind. At current FX rates, we estimate the full-year FX impact on 2023 to be a year-over-year headwind of 2% to 3% on sales and 4% to 5% on adjusted EPS. FX impact is expected to be largely concentrated in the first half of 2023 at current rates. Looking to the fourth quarter of 2022, we expect constant currency sales growth to be 6% to 8%. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 8 percentage points resulting in a fourth quarter reported sales growth guidance of minus 2% to 0%. Fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $3.66 to $3.76, which is flat to 3% higher than prior year's quarter, despite negative currency impact of approximately 15 percentage points. Now I would like to turn it [Technical Difficulty] summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. In summary, we're very pleased with our performance. Demand has continued to be robust across our resilient end markets and geographies. This together with our strong commercial execution and refreshed portfolio is allowing us to consistently deliver excellent results. Once again, we're raising our full-year sales guidance from a prior range of 9.5% to 10.%, now to 11.5% to 12%. In closing, I would like to point out that our 2022 ESG report will be released next week. At Waters, we're proud to have been widely recognized as an ESG leader. We believe that we all have a part to play in leading the world better than we found it from decreasing our environmental footprint to becoming more representative of the society we live in. This year we've made further progress towards our goals, delivering approximately 60% of our electricity from renewable or low carbon sources. We launched the Water Student Academy and are partnering with three historically black colleges and universities to provide STEM education and career opportunities. We also conducted broad stakeholder engagement in our comprehensive materiality assessment. We are proud that our new state-of-the-art chemical manufacturing facility in Taunton, Massachusetts was recognized by the U.S. Green Building Council as the only lead certified facility of its kind in the state and among the small number in the United States. While there is always more work to be done in ESG, I'm proud of the progress we've made. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Caspar.
Caspar Tudor: Thanks, Udit. That concludes our formal comments and we are now ready to open the phone lines for questions.
Operator: We are now ready to begin our formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question is coming from Vijay Kumar of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hi, guys. Congrats on a really strong print share. Udit, maybe my first one for you on this revenue outperformance in the Q, big picture when you look at the state of end markets, whether it's a pharma CapEx environment, replacement cycle or industrial, you know, perhaps macro situation. Talk about the big drivers here on what's happening and whether any of these drivers should change for ‘23?
Udit Batra: Sure. So Vijay, firstly, thank you. Look, from a demand perspective, I mean, we are operating in very resilient end markets, right? I mean, starting with pharma, which is 60% of our business. And I'll remind you that we are more levered to late stage development and QA/QC. Pharma continues to grow and even if there is a downturn, people don't stop consuming medicines, right? So I think that we believe is a very strong place to be. Second is our industrial business, which over the years has transformed and is heavily focused on our food and environmental and increasingly the TA business on battery testing and the need for safe food, clean water, especially with PFAs testing, as well as battery testing is our salient drivers. So roughly 80% of our business is levered towards, I would say, resilient end markets. Now in those rather resilient growing end markets, I think there are water specific drivers that I'd like to point out that gave us confidence in continued outperformance, right? So if you just simply start with our commercial initiatives, right? I mean, we see those continuing to add value over the next couple of years, be it instrument replacement, be it e-commerce, which is well over 30% now from a 20% starting point for our consumables revenue. But we think we're going to end up north of 55% over the next few years. CDMO footprint has increased quite nicely over the -- on a stacked basis over the last two to three years that, that portion of the business has grown double the rate of the overall business, almost 20%. So we think our commercial initiatives have run way number one in these strong markets. Second, as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, innovation is really contributing well to our growth. And that is a driver that will continue to contribute, right? I mean, starting with pharma, we of course talk about our Arc HPLC, but then what gives me even more confidence is our increased focus on biologics, right? And that is one of the most salient drivers of growth for pharma. Over 30% of our pharma business now is levered towards large molecules with now the launch of MaxPeak premier columns, now increasingly focused on the MassSpec business. I remember when I joined, folks told me what is going to do about the MassSpec business, then two years later, I mean, you see strong, strong outperformance in our MassSpec business. I mean, instruments grew this quarter 21%, MassSpec almost touched 40% with Xevo TQ Absolute really solving problems for our customers in detecting increasingly low quantities of PFAs. So the MassSpec portfolio is contributing very nicely to the growth of the business. I can go on the innovation side, but I feel very good about where we stand from an innovation standpoint. And then finally, the third specific driver for Waters is our adjacencies. I pointed out the increased traction we have for BioAccord, not just in QA/QC, but upstream in clone selection in selection of and detection of raw materials for bioprocessing and there's a lot of traction for simplified LCMS in -- from our customers. And finally, despite the, sort of, turbulent environment, be it rolling shutdowns, due to COVID in China or the geopolitical challenges in Europe, we've been able to navigate through these extremely well. So that gives me confidence that from a macro perspective in these resilient end markets, I mean, what does this commercial execution, really now supported by strong innovation and increased traction in our adjacencies gives me a lot of confidence that in the future, we'll see even more robust performance. And really, I mean, I'll end here. Look, faster instrument growth and don't ask me when this slows down, it looks really good. Orders were again higher than sales. This looks really good, but it bodes well for what we see in the future for our consumables business, especially service which we've been focusing on a lot. So I hope that gives you clarity on why we have so much confidence and we raised the full-year guidance, as well on constant currency growth.
Vijay Kumar: Really that's helpful, Udit. And maybe one quick one for you, when you look at the margin performance, inflation, FX and mix were the main three components. When you look at ‘23, should we expect any perhaps some margin expansion? I know FX is a headwind not sure how to think about the impact of inflation on the margins and in mix?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, Vijay, look, I mean, on the gross margin line that are sort of four vectors that are playing out, right? There is FX, there is a higher instrument mix, there is new product launches, and then there is the pricing inflation dynamics that I just discussed. And each of these vectors are going to be accretive in driving gross margin expansion in the times to come. I mean, on the FX side, we really feel excited about the fact that despite this headwind, the business has rallied to find ways to offset the impact of exchange rate. And when the exchange rates normalize, you will see a much more pronounced impact on the margin, because of the resilience that has already played out in our 2022 numbers. On the instrument mix, I mean, it's a great problem to have. While this instrument growth is creating somewhat of a headwind on the margin today, it is going to drive accretive recurring gross margin growth from chemistry and service in the future. We've seen also great growth from our new products and it sort of underscores that innovation matters in this space. But as you can understand, anytime when you launch new products, they haven't gone through the typical value engineering cycle that they go at Waters like we've gone through with Alliance. And we will see that play out on the gross margin of these newer products in the coming years. And then the last piece is the pricing inflation dynamics, right? And there, the pricing gains are systemic, we've built muscle in terms of systems and processes to drive pricing gains more than what we have historically driven, which was 50 basis points to 75 basis points. And on the other hand, a lot of inflation is spot buys. And as the electronic component market, sort of, normalizes, some of this spot buy pressure will go away again providing tailwind to the gross margin. So overall, I mean, we are still on track where we say, look, I mean, we will have about 100 basis points of margin expansion in the underlying business between volume leverage, mix and productivity gains. And we will reinvest 70 basis points to 80 basis points of those gains in nurturing our higher growth adjacencies in the near-term.
Operator: The next question is coming from Dan Brennan of Cowen. Your line is open.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks for Udit, thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just as a jumping off point as we kind of look ahead, you just kind of addressed a little bit of the margin drivers. I know at the Investor Day you talked about ’23, still feel good about mid single-digit plus. I'm just wondering, doesn't sound like anything has really changed, but just wondering is that still the right zip code as we sit here today, which would imply a three-year stack acceleration from what you're doing? And then kind of related to the prior question given the FX headwind that you're talking about for next year, three to four points, it would imply kind of modest top line growth. So in a modest top line growth environment, kind of, what's the ability to expand margin in ’23 if that's fair?
Udit Batra: So Dan, firstly, thank you for your question. Look, I'll start and then I'll pass over to Amol. The 5% to 7% we talked about those in a different context, right? I mean, from a constant currency -- on a constant currency basis, I mean, we’ve been clocking well ahead of that, as you know, right? So year-to-date, I mean, you see it close to 14% growth on a three-year stack basis, it's almost a double-digit growth, slightly shy of a double-digit growth. So we're really well ahead of that. And that's not just strong end markets, but also really strong execution of our commercial initiatives, which still have some legs over the next year -- next couple of years. We're seeing innovation really starting to contribute meaningfully to this growth of course, helping with the instrument replacement, but also improving our biologics footprint. And then finally, our adjacencies are also starting to contribute especially the bioanalytical characterization and the battery testing initiatives. So we feel very good about where we sit today. In terms of what we expect for 2023, there'll be ample time to discuss that in our Q4 earnings and there's a bit more data to be collected before the year-end, as you can imagine, in such a turbulent environment we want to take our time to think through what that will look like. But sitting here today, we feel very good about what we've told you in the past in terms of drivers, wherever the market is. You can assume that our commercial execution will add on top of it. Second, innovation is really meeting the unmet needs in the market. And third, our adjacencies are starting to contribute especially to Biologics and the batteries part. So feel very good about where we sit more to come in Q4. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. And then covering on the margin, right? So I think at this stage, we feel really good about where each of our initiatives are? I mean, our volume leverage is working with a strong instrument growth this year, we think that will have an accretive mix impact on the recurring revenue, bringing better gross margin profile next year. We do see, sort of, the level of spot buys slowing down and we have gained a lot of confidence and comfort in the systems and processes that we've implemented for pricing. So all of that will enable us to stay on the track that we outlined at our Investor Day, which is still roughly 100 basis points of underlying margin expansion with a 70 basis points to 80 basis points of reinvestment in higher growth adjacencies.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you. And then maybe just a follow-up on instruments. Obviously, you spent a fair amount of time already, but we'd love to sort of expand, but I mean, the 40% MassSpec growth is just very notable and the 21%, the 10% three-year stack is really strong. So maybe could you just step back, Udit, and as you look at all the adjacency opportunity, new innovation opportunity, like what's the right way as we look ahead on the durability of kind of instrument growth for Waters?
Udit Batra: It’s a fantastic question, near and dear to my heart. Look, I have made it a point to go to many of the conferences that, that many of the technical conferences like the AAPS, this is the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientist, where I went recently the Bioprocess International, the AACR just to talk to customers directly and not just drink our own Cool Aid. And I can tell you our MassSpec portfolio is solving fairly significant unmet needs across the portfolio. Now we've talked about LC in the past, Arc HPLC and ACQUITY Premier, what they do for especially ACQUITY Premier and MaxPeak Premier columns? What they do for biologics testing? On the MassSpec side, you can go across the portfolio. High res portfolio, our cyclic IMS, is the only instrument that is able to analyze molecules by shape and size, which is quite an important attribute to have as you're looking at larger molecules and that's direct feedback from our -- from some of our top customers. And Cyclic has been doing very well recently. The MRT, which we launched recently, the multi reflecting ToF is in its early innings. We've also got the license for Charge Detection MassSpec. And we feel very good about our IRS portfolio as a consequence. Second, the application of tandem quartz, this is sort of the workhorse instruments in the industry, right? I mean, I already talked about Xevo TQ Absolute and the Waters Connect Black -- Waters Connect software that we developed for our Xevo TQXS, which is the food -- which is level towards the food testing environment. This is a very deliberate effort, Dan, right? I mean, the challenges in environmental testing with increasing the sensitive, increasing amount of sensitivity required for PFAs testing is something that's known to all of us and it's an unmet need across all geographies and we are just seeing the start of that on build up. So we expect that to grow very nicely over the next couple of years. Second, on the food testing side, our customers came to us and said, look, we want to be able to do our testing faster and quantitative faster and the Waters Connect platform, especially with MASK-1, with the MASK-1 application speeds up the process by 50% again, a very deliberate focus on unmet needs for our customers. And then finally, we've talked about BioAccord, which was initially launched in the QA/QC environment. Of course, it has traction as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with several large pharmaceutical companies, but not just in QA/QC, now for clone selection with our collaboration with Sartorius, Wwe've already placed several instruments and there's a very large number of seeds out there and we think the seed conversion is going to be pretty high in this case for a clone selection, and we have seen increasingly customers use it to test raw materials against something I pointed out in my prepared remarks. And again, the pipeline of pharmaceuticals is roughly 40% towards large molecules. And the use of a simplified LCMS method with create great workflows is something that we expect to contribute to for many, many years to come. So across the portfolio and I'm really focused on elaborating on MassSpec now, we've talked about LC in the past. We feel extremely, extremely good about what it's doing in the pharma space for towards biologics, but also how it's helping us revive the growth in food and environmental and the academic segments. Thank you for the question, I could go on forever, I mean, being an engineer, I can get into a lot more details, but I think this is -- I'll stop here and I hope that gives you some flavor of why we're so confident about what we're doing.
Operator: The next question is coming from Matt Sykes, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matt Sykes: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter. Udit maybe the first question just on China, it seems that for you and others that China lockdowns have been less impactful this time around than previously. Could you maybe talk about what has changed there? Is it just where the lockdowns are occurring? Or if you change the way that you're managing that business over there to adjust to that type of environment? So should we expect maybe less volatility in China going forward?
Udit Batra: Matt, it's an excellent question. Something that we think about and talk about a lot in our team. Look, make no mistake there are rolling lockdowns across China going on even now. That said, we have as I mentioned previously, we have a very strong leadership in China that we brought in over the last couple of years. And we've managed to navigate these lockdowns really well. And I hope -- and I think that's not going to change over the next few quarters as this continues. Now just looking at the facts, I mean, year-to-date, China is going roughly 16%, I mean, this quarter was roughly 23% and the growth -- and again, I focus more on now what is specific factors. I mean, the growth is driven by our strong commercial execution, the instrument replacement driven by our Arc HPLC. And now MassSpec has contributed to the revival of the academic segment where the business has almost doubled and the industrial segment as well, right? So been very good about what we're doing across end markets, not just in pharma. Our contract manufacturing initiative has done extremely well. And we started in China with strong growth with a biologics manufacturer, biologics contract manufacturer there. The commercial execution has been going extremely well in China. Innovation is contributing like everywhere else geographically. The MassSpec tandem quad portfolio has again helped us grow the food and environmental and the electronics testing market. And then finally, as we look ahead, we feel that the fact that we've been able to navigate through these ups and downs gives us a lot of confidence as things ease up that we will continue to accelerate in China. So China remains a strong growth market for us. We feel very good with the leadership we've had and the execution we've had that we can manage the volatility that we've seen so far.
Amol Chaubal: And good to add to that, Matt, right? For Q3, China benefited with a lower baseline, because of the $12 million shipment delay last year, so that's about 10 percentage points of growth. But at the same time, they did have a headwind from some of the newer lockdowns, so one has to keep that in mind. And as Udit outlined, you know, for us, the team is executing really well and working towards a mid-teens growth profile for the year.
Matt Sykes: Great. And thanks for that, and then just one quick one for you, Amol. Just on inventory, there's obviously a lot of focus on the customer side inventories. But as you think about your own inventory, can you think about the potential visibility of demand as we go into ’23 and it still could be somewhat uncertain? How are you thinking about building your own inventories to solve for the supply chain constraints that still exist, but also for maybe a more uncertain demand environment in ‘23?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So I mean, what we've done is we've looked at sort of our product profile and we've gone through bill of materials for pretty much every product and gone through secondary and tertiary supply chains and identified hotspots where a certain component that travels through the supply chain is sort of in shortage. And there, we've gone deep to build relationships with the primary supplier and have secured quantities that will last us for longer than usual times, right? And where possible we have built alternative supplies especially for electronic components and where possible we will also build geographical diversification. So you're sort of not stuck in a lockdown in China or in a place where you have a sole source. Now that has put some pressure on inventory, because we've sort of accumulated this inventory in preparation for the demand that we are seeing on the instrument side and in preparation for potential supply disruptions that may be caused by COVID or other sort of macroeconomic events. But at this point, we feel really good where supply chain stands, right, progressively a lot of the yellows have been resolved and things are sort of between green and yellow on most of the items.
Operator: The next question is coming from Luke Sergott of Barclays. And your line is open.
Luke Sergott: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question or questions, can you dig in here what you're seeing on the CDMO side, there's been a lot of mixed signals coming from peers and also CDMOs themselves. Can you just give us a sense of how you guys are seeing that market shake out and what your -- how you're factoring that in as you start planning for next year?
Udit Batra: Luke, thanks for the question. Look, I mnea, let me just start with some context and then I'll answer your question, right? I mean, when we started our transformation process CDMOs were, I would say, less than 20% of our pharma business. And we worked -- and this is, as you know, one of the most dynamic segments for the pharma business. Over the last couple of years, we worked extremely hard to build tools, systems, processes and go after that customer segment. And the growth in that segment over the last two years has been double the dynamic growth that you see, right? So if you see our three year stacked growth number, it's almost double-digit, it's about 9%. CDMO growth has been close to 20% right? So the overall demand for us and our value proposition in that market has been recognized very widely. And the value proposition I'll remind you is not just one of pricing and giving better lease terms, it's actually a technical value proposition, meaning as more complex molecules are transferred from pharma and others into CDMO, our scientists are working hand in hand with our CDMO customers to help them transfer those processes from the Pfizer and the Merck’s and the AstraZeneca’s of the world. So the value proposition is recognized, we've done extremely well so far. And yes, we're following the volatility in the CDMO market. Now I'll give you an example, right? So global CDMOs like any other multi-national have global footprints now, right? And if there is a geopolitical driven volatility, for instance, either in China or in the United States, what we are seeing is if any of our customers, CDMO customers is starting to look at diversifying their footprint, they're coming to us and saying, hey, I'm no longer going to expand my facility, as an example, in China or no longer going to do it in the U.S., I'm going to actually diversify to Ireland or diversify to Singapore they come to us first. And so for us, the overall demand given our deep relationships with our top customers in the CDMO space, has not fluctuated, right? So we find that to be a very strong growth segment for us. It might just shift geographically given all the geopolitical challenges that are occurring. And with a lot of repatriation, our CDMO customers are diversifying. So hope that clarifies why we still remain confident that while individual geographies might suffer a little bit. We pick up the volume in other geographies. And by and large, none of our customers have come back so far and said, hey, we want to slowdown.
Luke Sergott: Okay, great. And then you talked about service a little bit. And as you guys continue to drive a lot of strong instrument growth, can you update us on how much you've expanded your installed base? And then talk about the service attach rates? And what's driving part of your strong service growth? Is it more about just placing new boxes? Or is it also driving that incremental service revenue per instrument?
Udit Batra: Yes. So let me start and then I'll hand it over to Amol. So we had started with the aspiration, Luke of increasing our service attachment rates by and it's already industry leading. We wanted to expand it by about 1,000 basis points, meaning 10 percentage points. We've already done 200 basis points so far in the last year and a half or so. We still see a long runway of increasing our attach rates and this is through many different tactics, right? So quoting at the point of sale, having automated renewal, and several other tactics that I won't discuss openly due to competitive reasons. We feel extremely good about the increasing attach rates for any installed base that we have. Now with such terrific instrument growth with LC, with MassSpec double-digit over on a stack basis, I mean 21% year-to-date, soorry 19% year-to-date, 21% for the quarter. We feel very good that we should see that flow through in the service business over the next few years. I know Amol is super enthusiastic about this and he gets very analytical with our teams and says, you've grown your base this much, your service should go up this much. I'll let him comment a little bit.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Luke, I mean, it's a great question. And the way we look at it is, let's say, when you grow instruments by 21% your installed base doesn't grow by 21%, right? Because the installed base on an average is, let's say, seven years, and so you get a 3% bump if all these instruments were new placements. But close to 70% or 80% of them are replacements. So they are sort of not adding to the installed base, the new ones are. But also on the ones that you replace, you expect higher utilization at least on chemistry. So all of these become available to what you can drive your recurring revenue on. And as we've pointed out on service, we've been very successful 200 basis points last year and this year, we said we would do 100 basis points and we already did 100 basis points in the first half of the year. And again, there one has to think not all of it is incremental revenue, because these customers are already buying spare parts from us outside of the plants. So the incremental revenue is sort of a fraction of what the attachment rate would bring. But overall, with this great instrument growth, we feel really excited how much recurring revenue we can drive both on chemistry, as well as on service in the years to come.
Udit Batra: Yes. And just to sort of summarize, Luke, the simplest way to think about it is if we replace 100 instruments, 20 to 30, closer to 30 these days are new customers and new users, right? And they will then convert into service revenue, de novo service revenue, add on top better service performance with increased attachment rates gives us confidence that the increased installed base, especially the newer ones are going to add incrementally to service growth over the coming years. And of course, consumables attachment is an added benefit.
Operator: The next question is coming from Rachel Vatnsdal of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Okay, thanks. Thanks for taking the questions. So first off here, I mean, we've had a few of your peers just talk about changing in ordering patterns from customers throughout various end markets. Just as supply chain constraints have slowed down, so you're seeing customers returning back to normalized ordering patterns. So just wondering if you've seen anything in line with that across any of your end markets, earning a no shift in those ordering patterns from your customers so far?
Udit Batra: Rachel, on the orders to sales ratio, right? So our orders have again grown more than the sales this particular quarter. So orders were higher than sales. Again we have not seen, I would say, any sort of significant change in order patterns so far this year. I mean, it's a very robust pipeline, we're very -- and again, I'll remind you, I mean, we're not dealing with volatile end markets. Close to 80% of our end markets are highly, highly resilient. Second, our products are very innovative, right? I mean, we are now meeting unmet needs for our customers, right? So we don't expect customers to stop ordering the Xevo TQ Absolute, because they need it and it's the most sensitive instrument in the space for testing PFAs. We don't expect customers to stop ordering Xevo TQ XS with Waters Connect, because it's 50% faster than any competitive instrument in terms of analysis. We don't expect them to stop ordering ACQUITY Premier or Arc HPLC given the benefits that they get. So innovative products in resilient demand segments don't seem to be impacted by what you are pointing out. So we are not seeing any of that. And I think it could be a water specific thing. I mean, as I mentioned earlier, the demand overall is good, but we also think we are doing some specific things, which are deliberately improving our traction with our customers, especially from an innovation standpoint.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then just a follow-up here on M&A, can you just talk about how the pipeline is looking? And then anecdotally, we've heard that those private valuations on the private side of things have still remained high? So what have you seen from that and kind of what's the latest timeline for when you think that you could maybe get a deal done here? And then finally, what type of leverage range would you be willing to reach for the right size deal in any of those high growth adjacent markets that you flagged?
Udit Batra: Sure, Rachel. I mean, M&A is something we're thinking about quite regularly, right? I mean, but I’ll just remind you sort of our overall capital allocation priorities, right? I mean growth is the imperative, we're seeing tremendous organic growth and that remains the number one priority. I mean, we'll invest in CapEx and OpEx as Amol mentioned earlier about 80 basis points even in this environment to support our growth ambitions. We feel extremely good about that. Second, to support the growth, we're looking at M&A opportunities and the pipeline is very robust, not just in the adjacencies, but also in the coal. In some areas they are richer than others, of course, you can imagine I can't comment more specifically on it. And if we don't find something that is financially reasonable and sensible, will of course continue to do buybacks as we've done in the past. But growth remains the priority. As far as timing is concerned, that's always better to comment in the rearview mirror. Amol, do you want to talk about the leverage ratios?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean, in general, our thinking is, first of all, we want to be absolutely financially disciplined and make sure that on a risk adjusted basis any transaction creates value for our shareholders. And then in terms of financing, we want to stay investment grade as much as possible or even lower. So that the interest rates have gone up and that can create a dilutive impact on EPS accretion. But as long as we are sort of within investment grade, we should be able to thread the needle.
Operator: The next question is coming from Derik De Bruin, Bank of America. Your line is open.
Mike Ryskin: Great. Thanks for taking the question. This is Mike Ryskin on for Derik. I want to ask one for you, Udit, I think you specifically said one asked me when this is going to slowdown, but I still kind of have to go there first. Can you maybe try to parse out some of the components of the growth? I mean, we hear you on the innovation, we hear you on, sort of, the robust markets, but still these are really impressive results quarter-after-quarter. So any additional clarity to get maybe, kind of, rank ordering, share gains versus replacement cycle versus how much is new lab construction or new end markets? You spent a lot of time talking about PFAs and how that's becoming more and more prominent? So just maybe going through and saying where you -- what are you seeing as the biggest contributors to the step up in growth? And that will hopefully give us a little more clarity and how durable this will be going forward?
Udit Batra: So Michael, I can give you the algorithm, and I'm going to disappoint you that I'm not going to give you very, very deep specifics on each of these. So just to review the drivers, right? First, I mean, the end markets that we serve are resilient and robust, as you know, right? So 80% as I've talked repeatedly are pretty robust and we feel good about the resiliency of these end markets. Now whatever that number is historically been X and now it's definitely X plus delta X, some of it driven by volume and some of it also driven by increased pricing, right? So take that as a starting point. Then from a Water specific standpoint, there are three different contributors. We had said at our Analyst Day about 100 basis points, you can expect probably a bit higher this particular year from our commercial initiatives, instrument replacement, CDMO, service, as well as e-commerce, all of those are contributing quite handsomely and so definitely north of 100 hundred basis points this year. What we're seeing very nicely now dovetailed into that is the second independent driver, which is innovation, right? And I took some time today and I’ve -- and we had a big debate internally how much we should elaborate, but I felt it was necessary given the questions that I think you guys have asked on the durability of growth. Innovation is really, really contributing already significantly, right? MaxPeak Premier fastest launch in Waters' history in terms of columns. And we've been launching columns since 1970 and some of them are still in the market and this one's done better than anything they’ve launched. Second, the MassSpec portfolio is totally revived and we're definitely in the early innings of extraction. PFAs testing is a significant need for water testing and we have the best instrument in class. So really feel good about that and we didn't talk much about TA today, right? But TA has also revitalized innovation with our powder rheology instrument that test powders that go into coating, anodes and cathodes for battery testing. So feel extremely good about it, I won't give you a number, I mean, likely in Q4, we can comment looking backwards on what the contribution has been from innovation, but innovation is contributing handsomely. The adjacencies now, again, a question that I think several of you've asked, how good is attraction? I took some time today to talk about BioAccord, I mean, the same thing we see with batteries. We're starting to see with LCMS, I was at the AACR, this is the American Association of Clinical Research in Chicago with the team and there's a strong demand from our spec for early disease detection in the clinical space. So again, the different adjacencies are starting to contribute. And remember, we said that they will more meaningfully contribute beyond 2024, but we're already starting to see them contribute. And that I think overall explains the beyond market performance. And I think, again, we took some time to give you the three-year stacked growth rate, because I mean short-term changes quarter-on-quarter can sort of dilute the outperformance. But if you look at it on a stack basis, on a two to three year basis, we're outperforming quite significantly the peer group. So I hope that gives you clarity and helps you think through how the demand is going to shape up for the coming years.
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session for today's call.
Udit Batra: Thank you.
Operator: And this will conclude our conference for today. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s call. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results of the company and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the third quarter of 2022 and full year 2022. We caution you that any and all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the risk factors included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors and in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 02, 2022 in Part 1A under the caption Risk Factors, both of which are on file with the SEC as well as the cautionary language included in this morning's press release. We further caution you that the company does not intend to update any of its predictions or projections, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts or as otherwise required by law. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation which are available on the company's website. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted non-GAAP financials included in this morning's press release and in the appendix of our presentation. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal year 2021. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dr. Udit Batra, Water's President and CEO. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar and good morning, everyone. Along with Caspar, joining me on this morning's call is Amol Chaubal, Water's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In the second quarter, we continued to deliver excellent results, led by instrument growth of 12% with continued broad-based strength across our end markets and geographies. I would like to take a moment to, again, acknowledge the unwavering efforts of our teams who have persistently worked through the challenging environment to deliver for our customers. We saw this with our China team whose dedication and agility through the lockdowns in Shanghai drove exceptional results against this quarter, which came ahead of our expectations. But importantly, we've seen this commitment across all our teams and regions, and it truly reflects the indomitable spirit we have here at Waters. Turning now to Slide 3, we have three messages; how strong commercial momentum is driving great results in markets that remain healthy. This is reflected in the broad sustained growth we are delivering across our products, geographies and end markets. Customer demand remains robust with orders that again outpacing sales as our strong momentum continued with double-digit sales growth again in the second quarter. Innovation is contributing meaningfully to our growth. Our refresh product portfolio is highly competitive and providing key benefits to our customers, which is again driving stronger option of these new products, as well as market share gains. Over time, we expect that the strong instrument placements and resulting expansion in our install base will drive growth in recurring revenue, tied to these instruments. And thirdly, we have a robust business model serving an attractive and resilient base. Waters serve end markets with sustainable growth drivers that are linked to key demographic areas, such as fill [ph] count population growth and increasing regulatory requirements around testing. With our strong business model, we have growth levers that exist throughout the market cycle, across instruments, service, chemistry and informatics. Growth in one of these areas, usually results in follow-through performance across our business model and you can see this today with our strong pull through of instrument sales into higher attachment rates, which is again driving recurring revenue growth. Now moving on to Slide 4; in the second quarter, revenue grew 5% as reported and 10% on a constant currency basis with broad strength across our end markets and geographies, as well as in both instruments and recurring revenues. Orders in the quarter exceeded sales of $714 million as we continued to see very strong demand from our customers. Our Q2 non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share was $2.75 up 6% year-over-year, despite FX headwinds. The impact of FX headwind lowered our non-GAAP earnings per share growth by 11% versus the prior quarter. Amol will cover the impact of FX in more detail later in the call. Now looking more closely at our top line results for the quarter on Slide 5 in constant currency. First by operating segment, Waters division grew 10% while DA grew 12%. By end market, our largest market category pharma grew 10%, industrial grew 8% and academic and government grew 16%. In pharma, we saw continued broad based strength across segments, geographies and applications with growth in large molecule and small applications. Growth was led by the US, which grew mid-teens with large molecule applications growing twice the rate of small molecule applications. China, which grew in mid-teens and India, which grew 12%. In industrial, growth was driven by the US up mid-teens; Europe, up high single digits and India, which grew over 50%. Our food and environmental business is performing well business is performing well with EFAS [ph] testing also positively impacting growth. In academic and government, after seeing a slower recovery than our other end markets last year, customer spending continued to be more active during the quarter with mid-teens growth for the quarter, led by strength in China, India and the Americas. Now by geography, sales in Asia grew 9%, the Americas grew 15% and Europe grew 7%. In Asia, growth was led by China, where sales grew 9% despite the presence of COVID-related lockdowns for much of the quarter. Customer demand in China remained strong and we're observing great activity levels which rapidly picked up in June relative to April and May when the lockdowns were in effect. Meanwhile, sales in India grew 24%. The Americas was again our fastest-growing region, with the U.S. growing 14%, which was led by strong instrument sales, which grew 20% along with recurring revenues, which grew 11%. In Europe, the growth was led by pharma and industrial, which both grew high single digits. By products and services, instruments grew 12%, with our LC mass spec and TA portfolios each growing double digits. Recurring revenues grew 8% with chemistry, up 9%, and service, up 8%. New products again contributed meaningfully to growth in the quarter with unit sales of Arc HPLC and ACQUITY Premier more than doubling versus the second quarter of last year. Unit sales of MaxPeak Premier columns also more than doubled and have continued to add strength and incremental growth to our chemistry business, driven by large molecule applications. In mass spec, we saw strength across our portfolio, including for our Xevo TQ-XS and cyclic IMS instruments as well as strong traction for our newly launched Xevo TQ Absolute, which sold out at launch and has already developed a backlog. Customers are seeing the value that TQ Absolute provides in application areas such as food safety and pharma development in small and large molecules -- small molecule applications given its dramatic leap in performance and efficiency compared with other instruments in its class. Here in New England, one state public health laboratory was the first to purchase and installed TQ Absolute for the express purpose of PFAS testing in water and environmental samples. That customer told us that TQ Absolute is giving them a 100 to 400-fold increase in sensitivity versus their prior instrument while being far easier to use in terms of sample prep and in quickly giving them highly accurate results. Meanwhile, at the high end, we're seeing good demand for our cyclic IM mobility technology. One example is researchers at MD Anderson Cancer Center at the University of Texas who are using it for precision molecular profiling within OMEX research. We're getting feedback that it is enabling significant progress in discovering and validating novel blood and plasma biomarkers for early disease detection in oncology. Finally, TA had another great quarter with sales up 12%, led by strong growth in thermal analysis, microcalorimetry and rheology. Demand for TA products continues to be strong across all regions, led by electronics and batteries. Now moving to Slide 6. I would like to reflect on the excellent strength and momentum we have sustained in the first half of the year driven by our commercial execution, product innovation and pricing offsetting inflation, leading to these great results. So far this year, instruments have grown almost 20%, with recurring revenue up just under 10% against strong stacked comps last year. In the U.S., instruments have grown over 35% year-to-date. All our regions have seen growth, led by Americas, which has grown 20 years -- 20% year-to-date. Meanwhile, China has grown low teens despite the COVID-related lockdowns, which we were able to successfully navigate through in both the first and second quarters of 2022. Each of our end markets have seen double-digit growth, which speaks to our broad execution across regions and segments. Meanwhile, we continue to observe strong demand from our customers and are seeing ongoing positive impacts from our market plus growth initiatives. Now turning to Slide 7; like each of these initiatives continue to progress, the 3 areas I would like to highlight this quarter are service attachment, e-commerce adoption and launch excellence. First, with service attachment, we're seeing strong pull-through of our instrument sales into service plan coverage which has driven our attachment rates over 100 basis points higher so far this year which is ahead of our expectations and builds on excellent results last year. The progress we're making with service underscores the opportunity ahead to grow our recurring revenues which layers on top of our instrument growth. Second, also part of our recurring revenues, e-commerce adoption of chemistry has continued to move higher which is having a positive effect on sales by making it easier for our customers to do business with us and driving incremental growth opportunities. 31% of our chemistry is now sold through digital channels, which is a 10-point increase compared to 2019 when the initiative began, and we see further runway to over 50% in the long term. Since we started the initiative in 2019, revenue from digital sales has more than doubled. And in the first half of this year, it grew over 30% versus the first half of 2021. Third, our revitalized portfolio is contributing to growth as demand has scaled up for Arc HPLC, for ACQUITY Premier and MaxPeak Premier columns. Our product vitality index has grown 300 basis points versus the second quarter of last year to 15% as sales of these products have quickly ramped, with launch excellence and the impact of innovation driving strong market uptake. As I've shared before, ACQUITY Premier and MaxPeak Premier were specifically designed to solve challenges that are particularly relevant for large molecules. This technology is capturing growth opportunities as pharma customers seek to expand their capacity and build capabilities for biologics and novel modalities, such as oligonucleotides, mRNA and peptides. Meanwhile, small molecule growth remains solid with customers continuing to refresh and expand their capital equipment with Arc HPLC. Now on Slide 8. In June, at ASMS, we announced our new Xevo G3 high-resolution mass spec. The G3 is our latest generation benchtop Q-top [ph] and it provides increased sensitivity and range for large molecule analysis over its predecessor, the G2, which is one of our best-selling high-res mass spec products. This instrument is described by our customers as an analytical workhorse given that it offers the power and range needed to characterize complex biotherapeutics while also providing the reliability, robustness and reproducibility needed in late-stage development. As biologics and novel modalities increasingly move into later stages, this instrument supports the associated workflows by allowing more detailed characterization of these molecules in product and process development. This occurs before they move downstream into higher volume manufacturing QA/QC where routine analysis will then be performed on instruments such as BioAccord. A further key piece of innovation is the software we've developed on waters_connect which allows the compliant workflows developed on the G3 to seamlessly transition to BioAccord with just a few mouse clicks. This ease of transfer had been unheard of before now and it allows our customers to transfer data between instruments and global locations within their enterprise network, all while remaining in an industry compliance setting. On waters_connect, our latest apps are enabling exciting new analytical areas for the G3 and BioAccord, including cell culture media analysis and peptide analysis with in-depth protein and glycan profiling. Most recently, we've added the ability to characterize oligonucleotides and conduct impurity analysis as well as perform lipid nanoparticle compositional analysis and stability testing which is highly relevant for mRNA molecules. These are all new analytical areas in large molecule characterization where there is a lot of long-term potential as the market looks for more advanced characterization capabilities for biologics and novel modalities. As we continue to innovate and expand our offering, we are increasingly well positioned to support biologics and novel modalities as they move downstream into routine analysis. Now I'd like to pass the call over to Amol to continue covering our second quarter financial performance and provide our guidance for the remainder of 2022. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. Udit already covered the breakdown of our sales growth for the quarter, so I will now cover the remaining elements of our non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 57% and compared to 58.9% in the second quarter of 2021, driven primarily by foreign exchange headwinds from the strong U.S. dollar as well as higher instrument mix. Pricing for the quarter was over 300 basis points, successfully offsetting the impact of material and freight inflation. Operating margin for the quarter was 28.4% compared to 29.2% in the second quarter of 2021. This represents 70 basis points of margin expansion in constant currency before 150 basis points of foreign exchange headwind. For the first half of the year, operating margins have expanded 120 basis points before 80 basis points of foreign exchange headwind. Our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 14.1%. Average share count came in at 60.5 million shares, which is about 1.6 million less than the second quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the second quarter increased 6% to $2.75 in comparison to $2.60 last year. The foreign exchange headwind lowered our EPS growth by 11%. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share was $2.72 compared to $2.69 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning and in the appendix of our earnings call presentation. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, and excludes special items. In the second quarter of 2022, free cash flow was $67 million after funding $39 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $11 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operations and a $38 million tax reform payment. Our free cash flow in the quarter was impacted by our proactive measures to secure supply and rebuild safety stock, resulting in a $40 million increase in inventory before exchange rates. Additionally, timing of shipments and installations, particularly in China, resulted in an 8-day increase of DSO to 81 days and an increase in accounts receivable of approximately $60 million before FX. We expect these dynamics to correct in the second half of the year as we have already observed an increase in collections in July. For the full year, we anticipate being close to our historical free cash flow conversion levels. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and a well-structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us the ability to prioritize investing in growth, including M&A and returning capital to shareholders. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will meaningfully accelerate value creation in well-thought-out, attractive, high-growth, adjacent markets. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 479,000 shares of our common stock for $152 million. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position was approximately $1.1 billion with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1.1. Now as we look ahead for the remainder of the year, I would like to provide some updated context on our thoughts for 2022 which is on Slide 10. We've seen continued strong performance this year, driven by robust end market demand and strong commercial execution across all our geographies. As we look ahead, we expect our solid momentum to continue and that our near-term growth initiatives and innovation will provide a lasting contribution to our performance. We also expect to continue to successfully address supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures, assuming these challenges do not worsen over the remainder of the year. These dynamics support increasing the full year 2022 guidance to 9.5% to 10.5% constant currency sales growth, up from our prior guide of 7.5% to 9%. At current rates, a negative currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 5 percentage points, resulting in full year reported sales growth guidance of 4.5% to 5.5%. Gross margin for the full year is expected to be about 58% and operating margin is expected to be approximately 30.5% as our resilient business momentum is able to mitigate the impact from exchange rates. We expect our full year net interest expense to be approximately $35 million and full year tax rate to be approximately 15.5%. Average diluted 2022 share count is expected to be approximately 60.4 million. Our share repurchase program will continue into the year and we'll provide quarterly updates as appropriate. Now rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2022 earnings per fully diluted share are now projected in the range of $11.95 to $12.05, which includes a negative currency impact of approximately 9 percentage points. Currency impact is $0.56 incrementally more worse than our previous guide. However, our stronger-than-expected results for Q2 and our increased full year growth outlook are expected to offset the currency headwind. Looking to the third quarter of 2022, we expect constant currency sales growth to be 8% to 10%. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 6 percentage points, resulting in third quarter reported sales growth guidance of 2% to 4%. Third quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $2.50 to $2.60. This includes a negative currency impact of approximately 10 percentage points. Now I would like to turn it back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. So in summary, we are pleased with our sustained broad strength for the quarter which was driven by our strong commercial execution and the impact of innovation in our highly competitive refreshed product portfolio. Demand has remained strong across our end markets as we've continued to capture growth opportunities in both large and small molecule applications, food and environmental testing and battery material analysis, which each have long-term durable growth opportunities that we're well positioned for. To reflect our strength, we're raising our full year constant currency sales growth from -- sales growth guidance from 7.5% to 9% to 9.5% to 10.5%. Meanwhile, we have delivered great operating results despite the challenging macroeconomic environment. And for EPS, our strong results for Q2 and our increased full year growth outlook are expected to offset the impact of foreign exchange headwinds. With that, we will now begin the Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on the quarter. Udit, maybe my first one for you. You did mention orders were about of revenues in the quarter. Can you give a little bit color on where the order strength is coming from? Which customer segment, which product class? And any comment on order growth rates, if you will. I think in the past call, there's been some debate on instrument pull forward, so color on orders would be helpful.
Udit Batra: Sure. So firstly, thank you, Vijay. Really, it's been another fantastic, fantastic quarter. And the growth has again been driven by instruments really leading the charge. Orders came in ahead of sales again, which increases our backlog. From a demand perspective, it's really very much broad-based. I mean, pharma grew 10%, industrial 8% and you also saw academia grow 16%. And for the first half of the year, all three of our end market segments are now in the double-digit range, right? So pharma is 14%, industrial and applied is at 12% and academic and government at 10%. So we see really broad-based demand across our end markets. And from a geographic perspective, again, nice momentum across the board. The U.S. and India sort of leading the chart. The U.S. at 14%, India at 24%. And very nice to see China really in the high single digits at 9%. And again, first half of the year, Americas at plus 20%; China, mid-teens; India, again, in the 20s. So really broad-based strength across customers and geography. And we see really no sign of any sort of slowdown.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Udit. And maybe one for Amol. I think FX, Amol, you said incremental $0.50 plus. So what is the total impact now? I think it's close to $1. And I think your guide implies back half gross margin step-up. Why would gross margin step up if you have this FX dynamic? And I think you're also assuming tax rate steps up in the back half. First half has been sub-15%. So any color will be helpful.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So let me take those 3 one by one. So on exchange rate, the full year guidance last time was about $0.45. Now it's 9% adverse, so $1.01. So incrementally $0.56 worse. And that plays out across our Q2, Q3 and Q4. And so if you see, we are covering that $0.55 with a better business performance. $0.33 -- $0.31 of that already came in Q2, because Q2 versus our previous guide, the exchange rates were worse off roughly by $0.18 and we delivered $0.15 higher than our guidance midpoint; so a total of $0.31. And then in Q3, when we guided last time, there was embedded assumption of $0.08 FX and now it's $0.26. So that sort of creates a $0.18 headwind on Q3 which is reflected in our guide for Q3. So that's the story on FX. Coming to gross margin, so look, I mean, typically, in the second half of the year, we have more sales and that reduces volume leverage, both in terms of our operations and absorption. And also in the first half of the year, 2 things happened, right? One, there was more activity around spot buys and that flowed through the P&L. We expect that activity to somewhat slow down. I mean the whole supply chain situation is improving but improving in baby steps. We are clearly not out of the woods, but it feels a little better than before. And the second piece is the exchange rates moved so quickly that you have transaction and translation gains and losses that also flowed through our cost of goods which is reflected in the gross margin. So net of those things, we think in the second half you will see a better impact on the gross margin side. And then the third question on the tax, yes, the tax rate for the first half of the year is lower than 15.5%, but that's driven by one-off discrete items which we don't think will repeat in the second half. And there will be some catch-up Q1 sort of how our phasing of the profit is across the year. So at this point, 15.5% is a prudent guidance for tax rate.
Udit Batra: So maybe just one sort of summary comment on really the very precise and nice description that Amol has given. I mean our top line continues to do extremely well, right? And we've just guided to a double-digit growth for the full year after printing a 6% -- 16% growth for last year and then 16% in Q1, first half of the year in the teens. So top line momentum continues. This flows very nicely through the P&L. And the EPS on an organic basis is in the high teens, right, even for the full year in the guide, right? On an organic basis, it's in the high teens, which basically sets us up really well as we go into next year, right? And in our trends, in our sort of results, there is no benefit of COVID or M&A embedded, right? So it's a very clean number that you can build off for the next year and shows the strength of our business provided we continue to deliver on the top line. And with resilient end markets with great innovation and such a good team executing, we feel very good about where we stand.
Amol Chaubal: Exactly. And just to build on that. The $0.55 sticks with us in the baseline and the $0.55 adverse effects, once the currencies recorrect, it will come back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Sergott with Barclays. Your line is open.
Luke Sergott: So I want to follow up, Udit, what you were just talking about, with the kind of the jump-off point you guys are doing like high teens right now from an instrument perspective. And then how should we think about that being able to continue to run here? You gave some backlog commentary. You're starting to build on the high-end mass spec and on from a new upgrade cycle. So just give us how -- give us a sense of how you guys think that, that continues to progress throughout the rest of the year and even early into '23 in a potential recessionary environment.
Udit Batra: Luke, firstly, thank you for the question. I mean, we're very pleased with our performance. I'll start with the back end of your question and answer your instrument question as I go through the answer. Relatively speaking, when we look at our competitive environment, I mean, we're performing extremely well, right? And instrument has been a big -- instruments have been a big part of -- a big part of the story, where in the first half, as you mentioned, instruments are growing close to 20% and overall 13% or so growth and orders again being higher than sales. So yes, we read a lot about the macro challenges. But if you look at what we've been through from an execution perspective and now less than 2 years -- I joined slightly less than 2 years ago, we've gained our leading position, that, too, during a pandemic. Innovation is starting to contribute meaningfully to growth. So I have a lot of faith in the team that has been able to pull this off. So if at all there is a downturn, which we don't see from what we have as visibility to our end markets. And across our end markets, we are extremely well positioned. Even back in 2009, Waters was one of the few companies that showed a positive EPS growth. And today, we are even better positioned, right? So if you just look at our portfolio, at that point we had 40% recurring revenues, today, it's over 55%. Our end markets where we're seeing incredible strength, especially with large molecules in pharma, our end markets, we're over 60% levered towards pharma, and that, too, in late stages of pharma which is super resilient. In applied industrial and applied, over 50% is in food and environmental. And in the TA segment, more and more levered towards higher growth segments like batteries. So I feel extremely good about how we're positioned towards the -- in the end markets as well. And with such traction, even with such heavy headwinds from FX, we're able to deliver and commit to the EPS that we signed up for before. So feel extremely good about where we are. Now to your instrument question, look, historically, instruments, if you just look at Waters' history over the last 15 years, are 3% to 4% growers. We're clocking 19%. So it's naive to think that we will continue to be at 19% or so in instrument growth. So I'm sure it will slow down. But we have a lot left in the -- from the initiatives that we started with earlier in the year. The replacement cycle is still ongoing, we expect this to continue to go for the next 2 to 3 years. We see better and better attachment rates as a consequence. We've expanded into new segments with CDMOs and CXOs. So feel very good about where we are in the implementation of our initiatives and that continues to benefit the instrument growth rate. So in summary, to your instrument question, no, don't expect 19% growth forever, but do expect our initiatives to help us continue to drive higher than the 3% to 4% that we've seen historically. I hope that gives you more color.
Luke Sergott: It does. It does. And then on China, can you talk about -- I mean, you guys are guiding to 200 to 300 basis points in the quarter, it came in at 9%. So talk about how that kind of paced out versus your expectations. And then the low to mid-teens guide is essentially there already with the first half performance, so how should we think about China in the back half?
Udit Batra: Yes. Firstly, incredibly proud of the team. I mean, if you'd asked me in April and May where we were going to land, I mean it was -- it was the headwinds that we talked about. In June, incredible, incredible performance from the teams to be able to ship the products that we did and get them to our customers. So I feel very good about what we achieved. And for the back half of the year, I mean, the full year, we think will be in the mid-teens for China. So no real slowdown. Again, strength across all end markets. And also in the TA business, right? So strength across, especially where we see our instrument replacement cycle doing very well, Arc HPLC doing very well. Increasingly the biopharmaceutical applications for our premier technology, ACQUITY Premier, doing very well. So across the board, China feels extremely good from a demand perspective. So mid-teens for the full year, barring any significant shutdowns in that geography.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Just one thing to add. Last year, we had shipment issue in Q3. And so close to $12 million of sales moved from Q3 to Q4. So the baseline for Q3 is somewhat lower. And so you will see a more pronounced growth in China in Q3 with a more subdued growth in Q4 because of last year's shipment dynamics.
Udit Batra: I mean it's a lumpy sort of environment, as you can see, quarter-to-quarter. But I mean, overall, look, 16% growth last year, mid-teens already at the middle point of this year, and we feel very good where we sit today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Brenna with Cowen. Your line is open.
Daniel Brenna: Congrats on the quarter. Maybe -- just first question, just kind of back to the answer that you just provided in terms of the macro. You guys sound very confident which is great. Just the perspective that we have is like, I guess, in '08, you guys were up 4.5%. In '09, you contracted around the same amount, so a 9-point swing. And as you mentioned, business is dramatically different plus all the commercial initiatives that you guys are executing on, so -- as well. I don't think -- hopefully, most of us don't expect another recession like we had back then. But net-net, to the extent that the economy does continue this level, presumably borders won't be immune from that, so could you just give a little more color about like the sensitivity or lack thereof across your different businesses? what might be a decent starting point to think about if in fact the economy does worsen how you would react in that in '23?
Udit Batra: I mean, firstly, Dan, thank you for the question. Look, it's similar to what I just mentioned. I mean, let's just take each of the end markets in turn and the composition in each of the end markets, right? So in pharma in particular, amongst our peer group, we probably have the highest exposure to late-stage 1pharma QA/QC, which is -- which is more proportional to pill count. And recession or no recession, people don't stop taking medicines and they don't stop -- they don't want -- the pharma companies don't stop manufacturing their medicines. If anything, the R&D funding starts to slow down, right? So being levered more to QA/QC in pharma is very helpful, both in small and in large molecules. Second, if you look at our industrial and applied segment, over half of it is now food and environmental. Again, food safety, especially in our food PFAS testing with our renewed portfolio, is a strong, strong growth driver, both in food and environmental testing. And then in the TA business, that, too, starts to look quite different, right, with the batteries testing segment becoming larger and larger. So we're looking at more secular drivers across the end markets. And the growth is broad-based. The business is geographically quite disparate, right? So we have significant presence ex U.S., I mean, which, of course, when the U.S. dollar strengthens, we have to offset quite a significant FX impact. But it's much more diversified and it's much more helpful than when you see changes across different geographies happening at different pace. So feel really good about where we stand in terms of our end market exposure. Second, this market responds to innovation. And you've seen that already, right? So back when I joined less than two years ago, people were telling me, "Hey, Waters is levered towards the small molecule QA/QC segment and this is commoditized." Well, we've just shown quite the opposite with Arc HPLC coming in, with better performance, without having our customers refile their processes and revalidate their testing and we've shown that segment grow. So this market responds to innovation, and we are in a very, very good place from an innovation standpoint. And finally and most importantly, we have a team here with us that has navigated through the pandemic, through macroeconomic challenges, while eight out of nine of us are now new in our seats, right? So I'm very, very confident that whatever the economy throws at us, we'll be able to deal with it. And we are in a very good position versus what you saw back in 2008 and 2009, even then Waters was able to navigate pretty, pretty effectively. I hope that gives you more color.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matthew Sykes: Congrats on the quarter. Maybe the first question, Udit, I know you've talked in the past about the academic government market and that was an area of focus for you going forward. Clearly, some of the initiatives that you did there have paid off with the growth that you saw this quarter. Can you just maybe talk about what was the inflection for that end market this quarter? Was it Waters-specific initiatives? Or is there something going on in that particular end market that results in that growth? And how sustainable is that in your mind?
Udit Batra: Matt, thank you for the question. We're very happy with where we are with academic and government. I mean, first half of the year, double-digit growth. This quarter, 16% or so growth. But I'll remind you that this is a lumpy market and we have a low base from last year, right? So if you look at a three-year stack growth rate, we're roughly 40-ish percent inorganic growth rate in that segment. It's very heavily levered towards instruments and instruments did extremely well this quarter and the last quarter. So still rather volatile segment because -- or lumpy segment because of the heavy instrument portfolio that we have in that segment. That said, we are -- we have initiated our focus and our turnaround in that segment but we are far from done, right? So we still have work to do on increasing our e-commerce presence and e-procurement presence. I mean, that's going well but not yet done. From a commercial standpoint, we are reinitiating and -- reinitiating our KOL contracts which help with our high-resolution mass spec portfolio. Even though the portfolio is renewed, from a commercial standpoint, we still feel we have work to do. So while we are happy with the results, I would not declare victory yet.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Josh Waldman: Just one for Udit and one for Amol. Udit, orders again outpaced sales. Can you provide more context on the backlog at this point? I guess the magnitude of the backlog and the level of visibility you think that provides into the second half and maybe even into '23. You had previously commented you didn't think orders are benefiting from pull forward. Is that still your sense?
Udit Batra: Yes. So Josh, thanks for the question. No pull forward, orders are still higher than sales. All end markets, as I said before, are doing -- doing well. So we feel good about where we stand from a demand perspective. And it's too early to talk about 2023, right? So there's a balance of the year to navigate in a turbulent environment. That said, the demand drivers are still there. Innovation is doing very well. And we feel that where -- our commercial presence is -- and our commercial execution is helping us grab opportunities and differentially so versus our competition. So thank you for the question, but no pull forward, feel very good about where we stand from a demand perspective.
Josh Waldman: Got it. And Amol, I guess, in light of that and in light of kind of the stronger-than-guided Q2, the backlog build, the second half guide, organic guide, seems a bit conservative. I guess can you comment on the considerations that went into the updated organic growth guide? Maybe where there might be opportunities for upside, maybe risk to the downside. And then the guide seems to assume a lighter Q4 is -- I mean is there a concern around budget flushing or anything like that, that's being reflected in the guide?
Amol Chaubal: Look, our Q3 guide is 8% to 10%. Adjusted for the shipment issue is like 6% to 8%. The implied Q4 guide is sort of 5% to 7%. Adjusted for the shipment is 6% to 8%. So again, I mean, at this stage, we have visibility in our pipeline for Q3, Q4. We feel good about it. But at this stage, it's good to be prudent, especially for Q4. So we feel good about where the guide is at this stage. And our teams continue to execute flawlessly and continue to beat our expectations.
Udit Batra: And then I think I didn't address your backlog question. I mean the backlog is at healthy levels, right? Waters did not have for a while, I would say, a healthy backlog. We feel more than feel at least a bit better that we have a reasonable backlog. It's not -- it's reasonable, but it's not super, super substantial, right? It's reasonable it allows us to navigate through any sort of turbulence. A lot of visibility into Q3, and we feel good again about how we will end the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Rachel Vatnsdal with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rachel Vatnsdal: So first up on pharma, drug pricing reform continues to be a headline topic. So can you just walk us through how you see that impacting Waters' portfolio especially given your unique exposure in small versus large molecule in QA/QC. And then have you started to have any conversations with your pharma customers regarding that drug pricing reform and do you expect that it could have any impact on your pricing power?
Udit Batra: Rachel, thank you for the question. Really no impact that we have seen. No discussions from a customer perspective on what they're expecting. I'll remind you, we are, again, focused more on the late-stage part of -- late-stage part of the pharma value chain, right, QA/QC. And our costs are such a small portion of pharma, it usually does not impact us, right? So we don't expect that to be a discussion. COGS is such a small portion of most pharma companies sales that it's not a place where they look for costs. So we have not seen that in the past when pricing discussions have come up. And we don't expect it -- and we don't see any signals right now and we don't expect it to be in the future given that we're in the QA/QC domain in COGS is such a small portion of their cost base. Now in the early stages of research, perhaps there could be an impact, but we -- as I said, we're very levered towards QA/QC.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: So I'm just curious, really good growth in India, 24%. But I do recall that a few years ago when the dollar appreciated strongly against the rupee that some of your customers in India didn't have enough money budgeted, so they didn't have the purchasing power as for go out and do it and it sort of delayed orders. The combination of FX and price increases, are you worried at all about some emerging economies, particularly India, to be slowing in demand because a bit on the budgets?
Udit Batra: I'll start off, Derik, and I'll let Amol comment a little bit on the FX piece as well. Really, India has been doing extremely well given the demand for small molecule production, again reviving, and some of this has to do with the government initiatives in India that were initiated last year and us being so heavily focused on that part of pharma, QA/QC for genetics, QA/QC for small molecules, in India, we've seen an outsized benefit and that's continued well into this year. So it's a fundamental demand driver that we can explain based on government policy and again driven heavily by instrument growth. Consumable is doing well but driven heavily by instrument growth. Amol, do you want to comment on the FX piece?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. No. And just to build on what Udit said, right? I mean we have a fantastic team in India. And if you go back to the second quarter of last year when India was going through a very tough COVID environment, the team executed flawlessly and had a great growth in second quarter of last year. So the baseline was already high. And then again, this year, you see 24% growth in the second quarter. So a lot of confidence in that team. And then when you couple that with how we've sort of handled pricing through inflation, we've provided excruciating detailed transparency to our customers on what's happening on the semiconductor side, on the freight side. And that's allowed us to have the customers share the burden of pricing. And I think the same processes that we build, the same systems that we build are going to start playing a role in explaining the impact of exchange rate and U.S. dollar and where our cost base lies. And I think not just India, but there are other markets that are impacted by this and our commercial teams are doing a great job of providing this transparency to the customer so that we can work this through hand in hand.
Operator: The next question comes from Puneet Souda with SVB Securities. Your line is open.
Puneet Souda: So first one for Udit, just wondering if there are any changes in the M&A approach that you talked about at the Investor Day, Udit. Just wanted to get any updated thoughts given the valuations you're seeing in the market here.
Udit Batra: Puneet, thanks for the question. Look, I mean, our capital allocation priorities remain the same. Growth is still where we are focused, right? And it starts with organic growth, right? So that's where we allocate capital first. And that is going extremely well. And we're funding internal innovation, we're funding our high-growth adjacencies, seeing really nice results. I was at AACC last week with the team on LC, MS for diagnostics, and there is a clear value proposition where as customers discover new biomarkers, mass spec has a meaningful role to play. And that reaffirmed -- we took our R&D team, we took our commercial team and we had many different workshops there with different customers. And so really feel good about what we're doing from an organic perspective and want to fund that set of adjacencies, bioseparations, analytical bioprocessing as well as batteries and LC, MS and diagnostics, so we want to fund that first. Second, from an M&A perspective, really what you should take away is, I mean, we are, of course, on the lookout for things that fit into our strategic priorities. But there's really no rush, right? I mean we've announced a few collaborations. They're going extremely well, especially the one with Sartorius on the bioanalytical characterization space, especially upstream. But really no rush. And from an M&A environment perspective, lots of discussions ongoing. We are, of course, on the lookout. But again, super financially disciplined, right? So really nothing has changed from the time we spoke. And as we have conversations, I mean, of course, people still have memories of their 52-week highs in certain areas, but look, our organic business is performing very well and the focus remains on that, on partnerships and we have a list of -- and a nice pipeline of M&A targets that we're looking at now constantly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Udit, you launched the new QTof at ASMS. It's been a long time since you refreshed that product line. Could you just talk about the importance of that introduction, whether you think it's a needle mover for the mass spec franchise overall relatively near term?
Udit Batra: No, absolutely, Brandon, thanks for following up on that. Look, it's a workhorse instrument in that segment. And now along with the instrument being upgraded, you also have the waters_connect software, which is a compliance software, that allows not only for us to introduce new applications, but allows us to transition methods from upstream more powerful tops [ph] to BioAccord directly downstream, right? So that's a significant benefit. And that product has done very well, right? It's already doing extremely well with our customers. I mean the orders are again outpacing the sales. I mean, within the first few days, significant backlog developed, right? So we feel very good about what we've done there. And as I said, it's not just the instrument being more powerful in those segments, but it's also the launch of the waters_connect software, the informatic software that allows for an easier transition into the BioAccord in late stages. So again, really consistent with our long-term strategy of doing analysis upstream and making it seamless for the customers to transfer that analytical method downstream, especially as you look at larger and larger molecules.
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Maybe just a follow-up on kind of the M&A one earlier, a different angle. Udit, you talked about the large molecule growth kind of outpacing small molecule, even double the rate. Can you just talk about, I guess, balancing inorganic versus organic investments in that piece? Again, obviously, a big growth area you guys are kind of pouring into. So can you talk about, again, the internal strategy and then also kind of the inorganic opportunities on that front.
Udit Batra: Thanks for the question, Patrick. Look, I mean, again, it starts with the organic piece, right? So let's just take the bioseparations and the bioanalytical characterization, high-growth adjacencies, right? On the bioanalytical characterization adjacency, we started with our collaboration with Sartorius, with our work with the University of Delaware, developed a deep understanding of upstream bioprocessing, downstream bioprocessing. The team has taken and learned that area really well. And I insist, I mean, before we make any meaningful moves in that area, we must organically develop that business well. And I feel very good on what we've been able to do in the last year. Again, learning a lot from what Sartorius does, learning a lot from what's happening at University of Delaware. So significant resource allocation there. We're not -- we're not sparing any expense as that business grows. We've already developed 4 workflows for the BioAccord for upstream characterization and 1 that is doing extremely well is cell culture media analysis upstream for bioreactors. I mean, there are 3 or 4 other workflows that have also been implemented that have been received very well. So the organic part of the business is doing very well. Now if you look at the M&A aspects of it, that opens up a whole bunch of M&A ideas, right? I mean for sampling, for data analytics, for other analytical characterization methods in upstream and downstream bioprocessing. And you'll hear more about that as we go along. And now double-clicking on bioseparations. There, we have world-leading capabilities in separating small molecules. We've already developed some nice applications with the MaxPeak Premier technology with our columns, right? So to separate oligonucleotides, to separate larger molecules better. We think there's a long runway here organically. The team is being built up quite substantially on that front. But it also opens up avenues inorganically as we learn more about that segment. So it would be nice to be able to work with somebody who has deep capabilities in reagents that are larger molecules, right? And I think that's the sort of thing we're looking at really carefully. So the organic piece is first, it opens up, it educates us on what is possible. It opens up many possibilities and that's the sequence of events. And we are, as I mentioned earlier, quite active in that area. We have quite a few ideas. And they're in different stages of pursuit at this stage.
Operator: Thank you. And now back to you, Caspar.
Udit Batra: Thank you very much, and thank you for all your questions. You'll agree with me that we've again had a tremendous quarter. The team continues to execute in a turbulent environment. And thank you for your participation. And on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. Thank you, and have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s call. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. Now, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results of the company and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the second quarter of 2022 and full year 2022. We caution you that any and all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the risk factors included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release, including with respect to risks related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We further caution you that the company does not intend to update any of its predictions or projections, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts or as otherwise required by law. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation which are available on the company's website. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted non-GAAP financials included in this morning's press release and in the appendix of our presentation. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dr. Udit Batra, Water's President and CEO. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar and good morning, everyone. Along with Caspar, joining me on this morning's call is Amol Chaubal, Water's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We had a record start to the year with first quarter sales led by instruments which grew over 25% with a broad-based strong performance across all our end markets and geographies. Before summarizing the quarter, let me start by saying how extremely proud I am of our teams who've worked tirelessly to manage our supply chain, delivering operational excellence and exceptional support for our customers through the ongoing challenges of the pandemic. It is a result of the indomitable spirit of all my colleagues at Waters. I will now provide a brief overview of our first quarter operating results and deliver our key messages. Amol will then review our financial results in detail and provide comments on our financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. Turning now to Slide 3. We have three key messages. First, we had a very good start to 2022 with great traction for our new instrument products, strong operational performance and sustained commercial momentum. Demand has remained robust across all our end markets. Second, we're laser focused on execution, innovation and growth. We continue to make great progress in executing against our enterprise priorities with our core initiatives positively impacting our results. We have a revitalized portfolio with innovation that is answering the needs of our customers in both large and small molecule workflows as well as our non -- as well as in our nonpharma markets such as food testing, environmental and material science. And thirdly, Waters has a firm commitment to leave the world better than we found it. We are delivering sustainable value to our shareholders and stakeholders through our ESG programs. Now moving to Slide 4. In the first quarter, our revenue grew 13% as reported and 16% on a constant currency basis, reflecting broad growth across all our end markets and geographies. Orders in the quarter exceeded our sales of $691 million, reflecting a very strong demand. Instruments grew at 26% in constant currency, with strong growth across our LC mass spec and TA portfolios. New products contributed meaningfully to growth in the quarter, with unit sales of Arc, HPLC and Acuity Premier more than tripling versus the first quarter of last year. In mass spec new instruments in our high-end tandem quad portfolio, such as our Xevo TQ-XS also saw strong growth in both industrial and pharmaceutical applications. Instrument strength is a positive indicator for future growth of our consumables and service revenues. Recurring revenues grew 9% for the quarter with chemistry up 8% and service up 9%. This quarter had one fewer day than the first quarter of 2021 which translates to a headwind of approximately 1% for our recurring revenues. Without that, recurring revenues would have also grown double digits. Our MAX peak premier columns have continued to strength and incremental growth to our chemistry business, given the benefit this technology provides for novel modality applications and our increased exposure to biologics. Meanwhile, we're seeing increased service plan attachment rates in our key regions at instrument point of sale. By geography, growth was led by the Americas, with the U.S. up 28%, driven by broad performance in each of our end markets. In China, sales grew 17% with pharma, industrial and academic and government, all up double digits. As lockdowns in certain regions persist, we're beginning to see more of an impact to our business but we're in close contact with our customers and demand remains robust. Once the lockdowns ease, we expect activity levels to catch up that normalize with limited impact to our full year growth expectations for China. However, we anticipate some sales impact in the second quarter if customer access continues to be constrained. Our Q1 non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share was $2.80, up 22% year-over-year, driven by sales growth, volume leverage and an ability to manage inflation through pricing. Given the global nature of our business, we're seeing ongoing supply constraints and inflationary pressures. Despite this, we have been successful in working through these challenges, leveraging our global manufacturing footprint and working closely with our customers and suppliers while delivering good operating results. Turning now to Slide 5. While each of our initiatives continues to progress. The two areas I would like to highlight this quarter are contract organizations and launch excellence. For contract organizations, our unique technical abilities and ability to collaborate closely with our customers are resulting in market share gains and strong revenue growth. Revenues from these customers were up over 25% for this quarter lead by over 50% growth in China. Turning now to launch excellence. Our revitalized portfolio is contributing to growth with demand, ramping for Arc HPLC, ACQUITY Premier and MAX premier columns. ACQUITY Premier and MAX Premier were specifically designed to solve challenges that are particularly relevant for large, complex molecules. Our customers are using the technology for oligonucleotide analysis as well as separation and purification of novel modalities such as mRNA, peptides and glycans, just to name a few examples. Meanwhile, small molecule growth remains solid with customers continuing to purchase new capital equipment, including Arc HPLC. Now on Slide 6. We recently launched the Xevo TQ Absolute which is up to 15x more sensitive when analyzing negatively Ionized compounds compared to other tandem quads currently on the market, while also using less sample. It is designed to help pharmaceutical, food and environmental labs, meet regulations requiring trace-level quantitative mass spec analysis for a broad set of applications. In food testing, the instrument takes detection of anionic pesticides and their metabolites to a new level of quantitation. In pharma, it can provide highly sensitive analysis for oligonucleotides and peptide bioanalysis as well as quantification of estrogens in clinical research, uses for which high-resolution mass spec have typically been required. The instrument is highly efficient, using approximately 50% less electricity and gas and also producing 50% less heat than other high-performance standard quads in the market, both of which reduce the carbon footprint of analytical labs. It is also 50% smaller than other instruments in its class which also adds value to our customers as space and analytical labs is limited and costly. Our tandem quad portfolio was stronger than ever and together with Waters Connect, we're able to make customers' workflows easier, faster and more efficient without compromising performance. Now on Slide 7. Immerse Delaware, our second innovation and Research Lab will be opening tomorrow part of a multiyear collaboration with the University of Delaware. Its purpose is to develop analytical solutions to better characterize the manufacturing process for biologicals and novel modalities which will support our path into bioprocess characterization. Researchers from both Waters and the University of Delaware will develop solutions, including sensor and instrument improvements, data analytics and process control. This partnership will help us expand our capabilities to drive improvements in quality, yield and efficiency as well as characterize critical quality attributes that will be a key step towards separating the process from the product and biologics. On Slide 8, we are delivering sustainable value to our shareholders and stakeholders through our ESG activities which continue to be recognized in a number of areas. Earlier this year, we achieved a score of 100 on the 2022 Corporate Equality Index earning Waters in designation as one of the best basis to work for LGBTQ+ equality. In addition, Barron's ranked Waters number 6 on its 100 most sustainable U.S. companies list for 2022 based on a set of 230 performance indicators and reflects our efforts of continuous improvement in social and environmental responsibility. On the list, we were the highest placed company in the health care sector and in the Life Science tools segment. Recently, within our diversity and inclusion and STEM education efforts, Waters has partnered with three historically black colleges and universities to create STEM opportunities for students through funding, instrument donations, mentoring and the awarding of scholarships to students exploring the analytical sciences. In summary, we are pleased with our strong start to the year and the results in revenue growth and operational performance which are demonstrating our continued success in our focus areas of execution, innovation and growth. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Amol for a deeper review of the first quarter financials as well as our outlook for the remainder of the year. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit and good morning, everyone. As Udit outlined, we recorded net sales of $691 million in the first quarter, an increase of 16% in constant currency and an increase of 13% as reported. Looking more closely at our top line results for the quarter on Slide 9, in constant currency, first by operating segment. Waters Division grew 16%, while TA grew by 18%. By end market, our largest market category, pharma, grew 19%. Industrial grew 17% and academic and government grew 4%. In Pharma, we saw broad-based strength across segments, geographies and applications and in both large molecule and small molecule. Growth was led by the U.S. which was up over 35%. India, up just under 30%; and China which grew mid-teens. In Industrial, our performance was also strong across all major geographies, with U.S., Europe and China all growing 20% or above. Turning to academic and government. We saw a similar trend to last quarter with mid-single-digit growth as customer spending has become more active, led by China and the U.S. Now by geography, sales in Asia were up 14%, with China up 17%. The Americas grew 26% with the U.S. up 28%. And Europe grew 9%. In China, we saw broad performance across all our end markets which grew each up double digits. In the U.S., growth towards broad-based led by Pharma which was up almost 40%; and industrial which grew over 20%. Growth was very strong in both instrument sales which grew almost 60% and recurring revenues which grew in the mid-teens. In Europe, growth was led by Industrial which grew 20% and driven by strong growth in food and environmental. Sales of LC and MS instruments to pharma customers grew high teens as strong capital purchasing patterns continued on from last year. Udit already covered our growth by products and services, where instruments grew 26% for the quarter, chemistry grew 8% and service grew 9%, driven by our commercial execution and new product contribution. Finally, TA had another great quarter with sales up 18%, led by strong growth in thermal analysis, microcalorimetry and rheology. Demand for our TA products continue to be strong in all regions, with growth driven by advanced materials and chemicals, including batteries and sustainable polymers. Now, I would like to comment on our first quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter increased by 40 basis points to 58.6% and despite higher instrument mix, inflation pressures and stronger U.S. dollar. This was driven by volume leverage and pricing. Operating margin for the quarter increased by 170 basis points to 30.3%, driven by volume leverage on operating expenses. In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was 14.8%. Our average share count came in at 61 million shares which is about 1.7 million less than the first quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the first quarter increased 22% to $2.80 in comparison to $2.29 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share increased to $2.62 compared to $2.37 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning and in the appendix of this presentation. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excludes special items. In the first quarter of 2022, free cash flow was about 25% of sales at $176 million after funding $28 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $6 million relating to investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operations. In the first quarter, accounts receivable DSO came in at 81 days, down three days compared to first quarter of last year. Given higher sales volume and our proactive measures to secure supply, including building some electronic component safety stock, Inventory increased by approximately $54 million in comparison to the prior year. We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and well-structured debt maturity profile. This strength allows us the ability to prioritize investing in growth, including M&A and returning capital to shareholders. We continue to evaluate M&A opportunities that will meaningfully accelerate value creation in well thought-out attractive, high market, high-growth adjusting opportunity. In Q1, we repurchased approximately 493,000 shares of our common stock for $160 million. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position was $941 million with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 0.9%. Now as we look ahead for the remainder of the year, I would like to provide some updated context on our thoughts for 2022 which is on Slide 10. We've had a strong start to the year, driven by robust end market demand and strong commercial execution across our geographies. As we look ahead, we expect solid momentum to continue and that our near-term growth initiatives will continue to contribute to our performance. We also expect that we will be able to continue to address supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures and these challenges do not worsen over the remainder of the year. These dynamics support increasing the full year 2022 guidance to 7.5% to 9% constant currency sales growth, up from our initial guide in February of 5% to 7%. At current rates, a negative currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 3 percentage points, resulting in full year reported sales growth guidance of 4.5% to 6%. Gross margin for the full year is expected to be approximately 58.5% and operating margin is expected to be approximately 30.5%. We expect our full year net interest expense to be approximately $35 million and full year tax rate to be approximately 15.5%. Average diluted 2022 share count is expected to be approximately 60.6 million. Our share repurchase program will continue into 2022 and we'll provide quarterly updates as appropriate. Rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, we are raising our full year 2022 earnings per fully diluted share guidance to the range of $11.90 to $12.10. This includes negative currency impact of approximately 4 percentage points or $0.45 at current rates. Looking at the second quarter of 2022, we expect constant currency sales growth to be 6% to 8%. At current rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 4 percentage points, resulting in second quarter reported sales growth guidance of 2% to 4%. Given the ongoing lockdowns in China, we anticipate a headwind of approximately 100 to 200 basis points to our growth for the second quarter, assuming lockdowns do not worsen which is factored in our second quarter guidance. Second quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.65. This includes a negative currency impact of approximately 5 percentage points or $0.13 at current rates. Now, I would like to turn it back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. So in summary, our teams continue to deliver excellent results despite the challenging environment with strong instrument growth and great traction for our new instrument products. We are laser focused on execution, innovation and growth. We continue to make progress executing against our enterprise priorities with our core initiatives delivering positively and contributing positively to our results. With that, we will now begin the Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Vijay Kumar of Evercore ISI.
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on a really strong Q1 share [ph]. Udit, maybe just diving into the performance within the Q. You noted new products in CROs. Maybe -- I guess what the market is trying to debate is there any pull forward of demand? Can you talk about your order books and when you say new products, it feels like this is incremental demand coming in and perhaps not a pull forward of demand. So if you could just talk through the drivers here in Q1 and what the -- how the order book is shaping up, that would be fantastic.
Udit Batra: So thank you, Vijay. Really, really proud of what the team has been able to accomplish in the quarter. The simple answer to your question is no. Orders keep outpacing sales and that's happened this quarter as well. So we have a healthy backlog. Now turning to the overall growth and you can just look at the overall market and us in particular. I think some of our peers have reported analytical instrument sales in their segments sometime last week. And they're in the low double digits, so we're a bit higher than that. And that delta is largely attributed to, of course, the operational excellence -- the five [ph] initiatives that I mentioned in the past and really significant traction for our new products. In fact, Arc HPLC and Acuity Premier have had really outsized performance. In fact, the number of units were 3x as what we sold in last -- in the same quarter last year. And we continue to see very good traction for our MAX premier columns, really especially designed for large molecules and biologics where, as you know, the tailwind is very good for biologics. So overall, no pull forward of demand and new products substantially -- doing substantially well, really meeting a significant need in the market.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Udit. May be one for Amol on the guidance here, Amol. Revenues, you beat the Q by 800 basis points versus your prior guidance, right, $68 million for Q1 that annualizes to 200 basis points. You look at the annual guide raise, it was raised by 200 basis points. So I'm curious -- Udit just said, order book is trending well above revenue. So is that perhaps conservatism in a China lockdown or perhaps some macro? Maybe just talk about what the guide is assuming here for the year?
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So thanks a lot, Vijay, for the question. So look, I mean, we are raising our full year guide by approximately 2% at constant currency. What is sort of dragging it down is how the U.S. dollar has moved between our last guide and this guide, right? So when we guided last in February, there was close to $25 million FX headwind on the full year revenue. Now it's at $85 million. So almost $60 million headwind coming in on top line. And likewise, on EPS, that is a $0.25 incremental headwind versus what we guided before because now the EPS headwind is at $0.45. So that's all factored into our guidance. Despite some of these challenging macroeconomic conditions, we are raising both our revenue guide and our EPS guide. What that does assume is 6% to 8% Q2 and sort of a 5% to 7% second half of the year. And again there, we are putting our guide prudently given the macroeconomic conditions and we continue to monitor that.
Udit Batra: Yes. So Vijay, I think just maybe one other comment to build on this. Look, we're super, super pleased with what's happened in Q1. I think there will be no doubt about that. It's a broadly good performance across instruments, across consumables, across all geographies and end markets. That said, I mean, there are still geopolitical issues. There are still macroeconomic concerns and there are still supply chain challenges out there. And we feel that it's prudent to guide the way we have. And I think that's really what's going on into our -- in our mindset at this point. But it's still a raise even despite all those challenges, it's still a raise from what we have said in the past.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is coming from Rachel Vatnsdal of JPMorgan.
Rachel Vatnsdal: So first, could you just walk us through your latest at rent pricing for the year. You previously flagged about 150 bps but inflation continues to be a concern. So -- can you reach me on that this year at all? And then have you faced any pushed back from your customers on price increases at all so far?
Udit Batra: Rachel, thank you for your question. Look, let's take a step back and I would just now think about pricing alone. We have -- our gross margin has gone up in the quarter by about 40 basis points and the operating margin, about 170 basis points, right? So that is the result of three things. One, of course, pricing which I'll get into in a minute but also productivity improvements and productivity due to a higher volume. And thirdly, new products, right, giving us even more leverage, right? So if I now just comment a bit more on the pricing. I mean we this quarter have seen about 200 basis points. And I'll also remind you that during this quarter, a lot of -- a fraction of the sales have come due to orders that were placed in Q3 and Q4 last year, where the pricing had not fully taken hold. So we feel very comfortable with where we are largely because we're collaborating very closely with our customers. I mean, there is a lot of conversation on pricing. Whenever we increase prices, there's a lot of discussion with our customers on why and what and where and when. So we feel reasonably comfortable that as long as our customers are aware of why we are doing, what we're doing and we're communicating transparently, we should be able to sustain the price increases.
Rachel Vatnsdal: Great. And then just another question on China here. So you flagged the 100 to 200 basis points of headwind in China during 2Q stemming from the current lockdown. So can you just talk about what you're seeing in that marketing or confidence and how quickly China can return to growth post lockdown? And then for China, you also flagged that CROs had over 50% growth year-over-year. So can you just spend a minute talking about what specifically drove that outpaced growth in the China CRO segment.
Udit Batra: Thanks, Rachel. I mean China, look, despite the rolling lockdowns has been one of the brightest stars in our overall geographic performance. Broad-based growth, again, pharma and industrial both growing, so 17% growth for the quarter for China, led by pharma and industrial both in the mid-teens, even academic and government was in the low teens this particular quarter. So -- and the underlying demand is based on a lot of what we see globally. So great execution of our initiatives, including instrument replacement, including the -- the traction of our new products Arc HPLC and Acuity Premier in particular and really great demand for our products in the CDMO segment where we grew over 50%. And I'll remind you, the value proposition we offer is not just the products. It's really training our CDMO customers on method transfer and method development for complex molecules. So overall, the quarter has been great for China despite the fact that for the last week, we saw some headwinds for our recurring revenues when the access was limited. So really pleased with what we've been able to do. Now going forward, we anticipate 100 to 200 basis points of headwind in the second quarter, largely because the lockdowns are still sporadic and they're not over. We're starting to see them ease but it's very difficult to predict how open the market is going to be and how open the access is going to be. So while we are optimistic overall on China and we think we'll end the year with low double-digit to mid-double-digit growth, our mid-teen growth for the full year and we have -- we are really optimistic about the trends that we see in China. I think it's just prudent to sort of manage Q2 with 100 to 200 sort of basis points of a headwind versus what we've already seen in Q1. So I think -- I hope that gives you enough context, again, very optimistic about the market, really happy with the execution, both on new products and customer traction and in the long-term, super optimistic but in the short-term, a little bit careful about how we think about the market.
Operator: The next question is coming from Dan Brennan of Cowen & Company.
Dan Brennan: Great. Congrats on, obviously, a very strong quarter. Maybe could you walk us through a little bit, Udit, on the instrument side, I don't know if you quantified what the new instrument impact was in the quarter. I know you spoke about year-over-year growth. But could you back up a little bit and just give us a sense of what the impact was? And also if you could remind us as we think about the new instruments and the opportunity, kind of what's baked in for 2022? And then kind of related to that, could you discuss -- I know you alluded to it earlier but can you discuss what you're seeing from an end market growth basis and a share gain basis?
Udit Batra: Okay. So I'll take it one step at a time. And if I forget any I'm sure, Dan, you'll remind me that I won't answer your question fully. So overall instrument growth at 26%. We don't usually break down the contribution of new products to that. I mean you can imagine in the way I would just back out that number or back out new products and execution by just comparing it to the overall market. I think you'll agree with me that the 26% number really reflects a very, very strong performance versus what we're seeing from our peer group. And that has two contributions. One is the operational excellence, instrument replacement increase -- and increase in the traction of new products. And our new products, it's broad-based, right? It's not just LCs, it's also mass specs now, right? So from an LC perspective, you have Arc and Acuity Premier and Acuity Premier, in particular, really targeting biologics and novel modalities applications. Now you turn to the mass spec portfolio where we, of course, launched our MRT platform, really great feedback from customers. That's a high-resolution mass spec. But then the Xevo TQ-XS Absolute -- that we've just -- the Xevo TQ Absolute that we've just launched. And that has incredible traction and not surprisingly, right? It's 15x more sensitive than the leading mass spec on the market for anionic compounds and anionic compounds are ones that are ubiquitous in mRNA and oligonucleotides but also pesticides in food and environmental testing. So really a strong introduction. And what I'm most proud of is it's not just performance but it has a lower footprint and a lower environmental footprint. So 50% less consumption of electricity, 50% less generation of heat versus the top tandem quads in the market. So super optimistic about it. And in addition, it's not just the instruments that you sell, you also sell a full system with software, right? And we had introduced our new Waters connect mass quantitation software in the last few months, that has incredible traction. So not only are our customers getting a smaller box with a lower environmental footprint, they're getting better hardware performance and 50% more sensitivity for -- with our software. So it's an incredible new product in a space where, remember, we said there were about 800 or so tandem quads that we want to replace. So we feel very good about what we see as demand there. And I don't want to leave TA out. I mean, TA again, outperformed our Waters division and we're not competitive internally with each other. But just to remind you, TA grew 18%, Waters grew 16% with broad-based demand from -- for our thermal instruments, for our rheology instruments, -- but what I'm most excited about is what the TA team is doing, of course, operationally but also attacking new segments like battery testing. We have incredible demand for our products on that front -- it's off a small base, so I won't give you a number but it's off a small base but growing very rapidly. So very excited about new products and very good feedback overall and the 26% number sees that. And one other number that we've cited in the past is our new instrument Vitality Index which is basically taking the last three to four years of sales and saying how much contribute three to four years of launches and calculating how much contribution that has to our overall sales. And that number is at an all-time high at 15%. These new products are meeting the need but we also have a new process for launching the products and you've seen how we repositioned the BioAccord. So I think that was one part of your question. The second part, I think you referred to as from an end market perspective, look, no real weakness this quarter, right? So you see pharma, again, doing extremely well with high-teens growth industrial also high-teens growth and academic and government coming in at 4%. So we really feel good about all end markets across different geographies. And I think from a geographic standpoint, I would point out that, of course, China is doing well despite difficult conditions. India is still in the mid-20s in terms of growth and we saw that all through last year. What I'm most excited about is what we see in the U.S. I mean, when was the last time you saw 29% growth from Waters in the United States? And as the U.S. goes, so does our gross margin because the pricing in the U.S. is a bit better, as you can imagine. So we feel extremely good about the quarter and I hope I have addressed your questions.
Operator: The next question is coming from Josh Waldman, Cleveland Research.
Josh Waldman: One for Amol and then one for Udit. Amol, I wondered if you could provide a bit more color on the moving pieces in the updated EPS guide, there may be a full bridge. I mean just trying to get a better sense on how variables beyond FX, like the stronger revenue, improved margin outlook were factored into the guide and maybe if there are other offsets going on beyond FX?
Amol Chaubal: Sure. Thanks, Josh. So look at it from two vantage points, right? So on a full year basis, we are raising our EPS guidance but that does include a $0.25 incremental headwind versus the guide that we provided in February. And so in a way, if you say, look, we beat consensus in Q1 by about $0.45, $0.25 of that is lost in year to go in sort in FX and the rest of it, we are increasing our guide on EPS, plus or minus a little bit of spending timing switching between Q1 to Q2. So it's largely consistent with how we are guiding full year revenue increase and most of the gap is largely driven by change in FX assumptions.
Josh Waldman: Okay. And then Udit, maybe a follow-up on Vijay's question. Can you talk a bit about pacing in the first quarter and maybe how sales track versus order intake rates? Is it fair to assume that we have the 16% organic growth, you saw some relief on the supply chain side and we're able to work down backlog or have orders remained such that your backlog continues to be at kind of an elevated level entering 2Q maybe similar to where it was as you entered the first quarter.
Udit Batra: In fact, Josh, thank you for the question. But in fact, the orders outpaced the sales yet again, right? So the backlog continues to build. So the fact we did not have to draw down the backlog to achieve the incredible results that you saw in the quarter. If anything, I would attribute, of course, it to the operational performance in the quarter and really the strong dedication of our teams. And this question keeps coming up, how did you deal with the supply chain issues? So I will not sit here and tell you that it's all over, yes. And that we are after three quarters of dealing with the supply chain challenges. We know exactly what to do. But we have an algorithm and I'm knocking on wood while I say this, that seems to work. Number one, we have really spent a lot of time studying the supply chain of key materials, including semiconductors and what additional materials that are based on this -- on the chips industry that go into our instruments. And so we have a deeper understanding of the supply chain to produce these semiconductors, the Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 suppliers. Second, we've invested a ton of time on collaboration, right? So I have personally met the Top 7 suppliers of chips that go into our instruments. We have incredible collaboration across Waters. I mean it's a -- I mean I like to call it as -- I like to call Waters as a large startup where we have deep relationships that have been built over many, many years and they help us in times that are difficult. And we have collaboration with our customers. So often, we will have a conversation with our customers if something is short on supply. We will basically try to substitute it with something else. And then finally, third piece is collaborative problem solving, right? When you build these relationships, it's easier to solve problems with folks when you get into trouble, right? So -- and it's not just true within the organization, we're sitting down with customers asking what should be replaced with what rebuilding some of the chips, moving ethernet ports from one location to the other. I won't get into more details. And all of us are on the ground floor. This is not a spectator sport, right? Amol, me and lot of our senior leaders across the board, we are on the ground floor talking to our customers. So it's really I would say, operational excellence, deep collaboration and an understanding -- and a deeper understanding of the full supply chain, really not -- didn't have to tap into the backlog to achieve these results. I hope that gives you more color.
Operator: The next question is coming from Puneet Souda, SVB Securities.
Puneet Souda: Really impressive growth here in instruments indeed. Maybe, Udit, just pulling back to a higher level, when you look at the pharma and the 29% growth number that you mentioned in U.S. What is driving this demand when you talk to the customers, modalities, specifically more importantly, are you seeing this demand come from new facilities expansion among CDMOs or versus the demand from the existing facilities because obviously, you are outpacing what the demand would -- I mean, the strength we're seeing from peers as well, the peers are growing but you guys are obviously ahead of that. So just trying to understand at a high level, what is the sort of the dynamic across pharma and given the backdrop of these macroeconomic environment right now?
Udit Batra: Thanks for the question, Puneet, it's really broad-based. But it, again, starts with operational excellence. I mean, the five initiatives that we've mentioned earlier we have a new-ish leader in the United States. Our sales has a long tenure in Waters but he was newly appointed right before I got here. And he's just been incredible with his team, right? We've put more feet on the street. We have been using our CRM system really religiously to get an understanding of where the demand is. And there was a replacement backlog built up in the U.S. for our instruments. The new products have done extremely well. E-commerce is doing better in the U.S. than anywhere else and the CMO traction is very, very good in the U.S. Turning then to new products. I mean you're well aware, these new products have been designed specifically for our biologics customers, right? And we start with the BioAccord which I know you know extremely well. We repositioned the product to go upstream into clone selection and that's gaining a ton of traction. Downstream in QA/QC, the work that we started about two years ago with several large pharma players who have significant monoclonal antibody pipelines, we're seeing them gain -- seeing the product gain traction in QA/QC and that bodes well for the future. Second, MAX peak columns and Acuity Premier as a technology was custom designed for biologics that have affinity to metal surfaces. And that product -- that set of products has gained a ton of traction. And most recently, the Xevo TQ Absolute. I mean it has terrific performance as hardware and lower environmental footprint. So all of that combined, meaning operational excellence, new products, a leader who's really sort of embraced collaboration and embraced the operational excellence is really what's behind the U.S. doing as well as it does. And that, of course, has an impact on the gross margin as well.
Puneet Souda: That's great. And then a brief follow-up on the BioAccord actually. We recognize that the field team was doing a number of demos throughout the quarter in the last couple of months for BioAccord and bioprocessing applications and you're obviously highlighting the University of Delaware work that you're doing here with the new center. Maybe just help us understand when should we start to think about meaningful contribution from some of the new bioseparations initiatives and broadly bioprocessing customers, taking on BioAccord?
Udit Batra: Puneet, I'll repeat what I've said also in the last quarter. I mean we've basically said, look, in the short-term, you should expect us to grow 5% to 7%, about a 1% impact of our five initiatives. And in the midterm 2024 onwards, you should see Waters going to the sort of range where you should start to see an impact of these new initiatives, right? And is it a bit sooner? Is it a bit later? I mean, I can't be more precise. All I can tell you is there's a ton of traction and just staying with the bioseparations area, just staying with the BioAccord in particular, there's a ton of traction for what we're doing with Sartorius, for clone selection. The BioAccord, just as it was initially designed has sort two very large applications. The first is on spent medium where we can analyze close to 200 analytes. So our customers in that category are interested in a simple instrument but they don't want to give up any of the sophistication. They don't want to look at five compounds and 15 compounds. They still want to look at 200 compounds because they are still trying to ascertain at that point which of these -- what race quantities of materials are going to impact their cell culture. So BioAccord is simple to use but a highly sophisticated instrument. And I think that's really important to keep in mind when you think about spend media. And then, the other application is on peptide mapping and the drug substance itself, the whole drug substance. And there, again, the applications are very wide. And here, where Waters has an advantage is with our ability to develop simple workflows, right? So our customers, again, are not willing to give up the sophistication. They want to know each amino acid in the sequence of the peptide, they want to know the confirmation. They want to know the size of the molecule. They don't want to give up any information. They want the instrument to be simple to use, the workflow to be simple to use and we're developing a whole bunch of workflows on that front. And again, feel extremely good about it. As I said, mid -- you should -- in the midterm, you should expect 100 basis points of sort of growth impact based on all the sort of adjacencies that I've talked about in the past. I can't be no precise on that but I can tell you there's a lot of excitement amongst our team and the customers in applications of bioseparations as well as bioprocessing.
Operator: The next question is coming from Matt Sykes of Goldman Sachs.
Matt Sykes: Congrats on the quarter. Udit, maybe just big picture first question. I mean one of the things that you did earlier in 10 year was to try to bring the R&D and commercial functions closer together? And then noticing how the new instrument demand has really picked up and pretty successful launches. How much do you attribute to the success of these new products to some of the reorganization you did within the R&D commercial teams? And how much more there to go for in bringing those two close together? Like should we look for increased momentum with the new products because of the changes that you made?
Udit Batra: It's a great question and thanks for asking a more sort of qualitative question. Look, I mean, it's a question of collaboration, right? I mean Waters is known for its technical excellence and closeness to customers. But I think by bringing the commercial team closer to our development colleagues, we're now as we think through our launch process and Jon Pratt will talk to you a bit more about it in our Investor Day in a few weeks. As we brought these two teams together, we're able to bring the commercial input much sooner into development, number one. Number two, there's a lot more ownership from our commercial teams, not just the understanding but also a lot more ownership from our commercial teams as we launch the new products. And without a doubt, that has a lot to do with the traction we've seen with the MAX peak premier columns. The sales team are super excited the Acuity Premier, the Arc HPLC which was a demand or a request from our customers through our sales team and the R&D teams responded to it. And now as they are closer together, they sit in operational reviews together. I chair and Innovation Board where we have both commercial as well as R&D input. And I can tell you that has a significant amount to do with how we are seeing new products pick up in the market and the feedback, right? So I mean, in this space, you don't expect to hit a home run in the first day that you go out to bat, right? So you basically have to get feedback from our from the customers and those -- that feedback goes back into R&D seamlessly, right? And the best example of that is our software launch, right? We launched our [indiscernible] one application for -- with Waters Connect, basically a compliant compliant-ready software. And some of the customers wanted enterprise capabilities with that software. So our development team got that feedback very early on and has developed the solution. Same is true with BioAccord. Early on, we went head first into QA/QC that was a few years ago. Now with closer collaboration between commercial and R&D sitting at the same table as the customers come back and say, "Hey, I want a simpler workflow for oligos because that's my pipeline or I want a simpler workflow for spend media. That's what the R&D team focuses on optimizing. So it's -- I could go on and on. I mean, it's incredibly exciting. And as a former researcher myself, I find the discussions very pragmatic, hugely collaborative and a learning experience for both parties, both commercial as well as R&D.
Matt Sykes: Great. And then just quickly, just to maybe on the academic end market. Just talk about trends you're seeing there. You had some pretty strong growth in China. But maybe ex-China, what you're seeing in the academic end market in this quarter? And what you're looking for, for this year?
Udit Batra: So academic and government did especially well both in the U.S. and in China. And I would separate the two things, right? I mean again, I mean, we are -- while we have performed in line with many of the peers we've already reported with academic and government, I don't want you to assume that our turnaround in academic and government is finished, right? We have just begun remapping the KOLs, we started to work much harder on the e-procurement e-commerce availability for academic institutions. So there's a lot more to go. But the U.S. and China did super well in the first quarter. And the U.S., in particular, had a lot of traction, again by putting more feet on the street by talking to customers more directly. China benefited from the VAT -- the VAT expense or the VAT regulation being relieved a little bit step by step, right, so the customers are purchasing from what they had in the past. I would not assume that we've already turned the corner there, right? While we have good results this quarter, we are still working on it. And so I expect more from that segment.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jack Meehan of Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: I wanted to ask about recurring sales. Just given the instrument upside in the first quarter, what does guidance now assume for chemistry sales for the remainder of the year? I was curious whether you think some of this bolus of upside here could have some carry through on the recurring growth expectations?
Udit Batra: Yes. So Jack, great question. I mean the instrument growth will continue to drive recurring revenue growth, both chemistry and service. At this point, our guidance sort of assumes service and chemistry would be around high single digits, low double digits for the second half of the year. But again, I mean, this thing is not just here and now, right? These instruments will continue to produce revenue for the next seven, eight years. And the way we are performing on instrument replacement, we also think our instruments are recurring revenue because we've now built muscle strength and systems and processes so that the entire organization looks at instruments as a requiring revenue.
Amol Chaubal: And then, look, I mean, there to -- historically, we've seen recurring revenues slightly higher than mid-single digits in the best years of Waters. And we've now for few quarters running in double digits or low double digits, right? So even this quarter, if you account for the one day fewer than the previous year, recurring revenues would be almost 10%, right? So we feel extremely good about it. In particular, the new product contribution and what we're seeing from our service team, right? So the new product contribution being MAX Peak Premier and a very rich pipeline that is specifically targeted towards large molecules, I mean what -- - is the world leader in separations and we are really turning our attention to complex large molecules, collaborating with our customers. And on the service side, remember we talked about increased attachment rates. That is also -- that is continuing to contribute and our attachment rates for our service. Services are increasing. So it's not just the translation of instruments to consumables and service. It's also unique contributions of new products and interesting innovation on the service side. So really excited. I mean, as I said, couldn't be prouder of the team across the board, there's been great performance.
Udit Batra: And plus e-commerce is accretive and CDMOs are high volume. So they are all adding up to recurring revenue.
Operator: And our last question is coming from Dan Arias of Stifel.
Dan Arias: Amol, just as a follow-up to the things that you've done on the supply chain, how much inventory safety stock on critical components would you say you have at this point?
Amol Chaubal: It's a great question and a tough one, Dan. I mean, we try to build safety stock wherever we can find the inventory. The situation on electronic components hasn't improved any bit versus Q4 or Q1. It's a five day in, day out. So I mean part of that is in the $54 million or so that the inventory has gone up. But there are components where we have a production plan in Q2, likely for a demand plan in Q3 where we may be missing components still and we continue to try to solve these problems either with the suppliers or with the market or through innovative engineering. So -- if you were to assume everything is solid and in inventory, we are far from a that's a story with everybody. I mean what life science tools buys from electronic component suppliers is less than probably single-digit percentage of their annual production. So in a way, everybody is in the same Q behind cellular networks and vehicles, right? So the fight is on and we continue to navigate it day in and day out.
Udit Batra: Yes. And Dan, it's an excellent question. Look, as Amol summarize, it's a deeper understanding of the supply chain, not just ours but also the chips and who else is getting them [indiscernible] in a lot of discussions across Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, many top-to-top conversations and then finally, collaboration and creative problem solving. I mean that's what's gotten us this far. And our teams are continuing to do it, the fights far from over, right? I mean we see it still out there. But I think if there is an algorithm, again, as I said earlier, knock on wood, as I said, we seem to have something in our hands and our teams are dedicated to solving these problems. Let me now thank you for your participation. And on behalf of Waters' management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and your interest. I would also like to make you aware that we are hosting our 2022 Investor Day in just over two weeks on May 19 in New York City at the New York Stock Exchange, starting at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. The main presentation from the event at 10 a.m. will be broadcast -- will be webcast live on our Investor Relations website. If you would like to join us in person for the event, please reach out to our IR team via the contact details on Slide 13. Thank you very much and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference call begin. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results of the company and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the first quarter of 2022 and full year 2022. We caution you that any and all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations see the risk factors included in our annual reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors. And in our most recent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 2, 2021 in Part 1A under the caption Risk Factors. Both of which are on file with the SEC, as well as the cautionary language included in this morning's press release, including with respect to risks related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We further caution you that the company does not intend to update any of these predictions or projections, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcast, or as otherwise required by law. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for May 3rd, 2022. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation, which are available on the company's website. And our discussions of the results of operations we may refer to non-GAAP results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled "Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted non-GAAP Financials" included in this morning's press release and in the appendix of our presentation. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results, increasing or decreasing, are in comparison to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Dr. Udit Batra, Waters President and CEO, Udit.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning, everyone. Along with Caspar joining me on this morning’s call is Amol Chaubal, Waters Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We've ended a very successful year at Waters. In end markets with sustainable growth drivers, we have revived our resilient business and are now focused on growing our portfolio. Despite higher comparables, we saw strong growth continue with an acceleration on a stacked basis as the year went on. The strength we've seen in our instrument portfolio is a positive indicator for the future, as our new products have gained traction and this all supports the sustainable future growth we expect to see in our consumables and service. Before summarizing the quarter and full year, let me start by thanking my colleagues around the globe who represented the indomitable spirit of Waters throughout 2021, remain focused on supporting our customers and delivering exciting new products despite the challenging conditions of the pandemic. Achieving these results in a normal year would have been quite an accomplishment but to do so while balancing the continued ups and downs of the pandemic with a major transformation and a new leadership team is indeed quite remarkable. Now I'm turning to Slide 3, we have three messages. We have a resilient and attractive portfolio of instruments systems, chemistry, consumables and services in end markets that are supported by sustainable growth drivers. We revitalize the score by engaging our customers progressing on a number of growth initiatives and continuing to innovate across our portfolio while launching exciting new products. And now we're focused on growth of our core business as well as accessing high-volume applications and faster-growing adjacencies. I will now provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter and full year operating results as well as commentary on our end markets, geographies and technologies. Amol will then review our financial results in detail and provide comments on our financial outlook. We will then open up the phone line to take your questions. Moving on to Slide 4. In the fourth quarter, our revenue grew 6% as reported and 8% on a constant currency basis, reflecting broad strength across our end markets and geographies with double-digit year-end demand for our instruments and continued growth in our recurring revenue products. This translates to a 7.5% two-year stacked CAGR for the quarter versus 2019 on a constant currency basis. For the full year, revenue grew 18% as reported and 16% in constant currency as we saw strong growth in 2021 across all our regions led by pharma and industrial end markets. This translates to a 7% two years stacked CAGR for the year versus 2019 in constant currency. Our Q4 non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share was $3.67 per share, up 1% year-on-year and 7% stacked. Excluding the effect of our prior year COVID cost actions and FX, EPS grew 8% versus last year. For the full year, non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share grew 24% to $11.20 and 12% on a two-year stacked basis. Now looking more closely at our top line results for the quarter on Slide 5. In constant currency first, by operating segment, the Waters division grew 7%, while TA grew 16%. The end market, our largest market category, pharma grew 8%, industrial grew 7% and academic and government grew at 5%. In pharma, we saw continued broad-based strength in sales across segments, geographies and applications. Biopharma and contract organizations grew well above 20%. In industrial, growth was led by our TA business, which saw strong global strength in thermal as well as microcalorimetry and rheology. Within the Waters division, we saw broad demand for LC instruments across our geographies as well as our customers, as well as our customer segments who continue to invest in new capital equipment. Turning to academic and government, we saw an improvement with growth across most of our geographies into the year-end. We're actively revitalizing our relationships with KOLs, which is an integral part of achieving long-term success in academic and government. While it takes some time for us to regain traction, Waters has familiarity and a fan base amongst KOLs, who have often used instruments throughout their careers. Just last week, I was talking with the head of a leading core lab at one of our – one of the top medical institutions in the United States. He has worked closely with Waters for the better part of two decades to build up proteomics capabilities at this institution and currently has over 40 Waters LCs and 20 mass spec instruments from our company. Moving now, to our sales performance by geography. On a constant currency basis, sales in Asia grew 9% with China up 13%, Americas 8%, with U.S. up 8% and Europe grew 5%. In China, we saw strong demand throughout the quarter with growth led by contractors, biopharma and a strong recovery in clinical. We also saw strong growth in food testing and chemical assays. In the U.S. growth came from ongoing strength in our pharma and industrial end markets. In pharma, sales was strong in LC and mass spec, which combined grew in the mid-teens with chemistry up low double digits. In industrial, our TA business saw strong instrument placement across applications, led by advanced materials, chemicals and battery testing. In Europe, all end markets continued to grow led by pharma and industrial with food and environmental businesses, resulting in strong demand for our Tandem Quads. Meanwhile, pharma sales remained solid with growth led by large molecule applications. By product and services, customer demand for our instruments finished the year strong, continuing the trend of instrument growth that we saw throughout the year, while demand for recurring revenue products remained strong. Overall instrument sales grew 12% for the quarter with a robust demand driven by our commercial execution and new product contribution. In LC, Arc HPLC continued to see strong global growth in our core segments as demand continues to ramp. Meanwhile, our acuity and arc premier instruments continued to see strong adoption, driven by applications in large molecule and novel modality such as mRNA. In mass spec, we saw growth in our high-end tandem quad portfolio, led by Xevo TQ-XS, Xevo TQ-XS micro. We also saw strong demand from our biopharma and CRO customers as well as for food safety applications. In our high risk mass spec portfolio, we saw the demand for cyclic with drug discovery applications. We're also encouraged by the early adoption of our new, SELECT SERIES MRT, Time-of-Fight platform, the customers using it for biopharma discovery and OMEX applications. For recurring revenues, despite the quarter having six fewer days in the fourth quarter of 2020, chemistry sales grew 5%, led by continued high utilization biopharma customers. Our new MaxPeak, Premier Columns continued to provide incremental growth for our chemistry business. This technology provides important benefits in separation and purification of mRNA, oligonucleotides, peptides and glycans, which is effectively answering the needs of our customers as they work with more complex molecules. Service grew to 2% despite a tough double-digit comparison a year ago with strong growth in both China and in India, which has been a theme throughout the year. Finally, TA had another great quarter, with sales up 16% led by strong growth in thermal analysis, microcalorimetry and rheology. Demand for TA products continues to be strong in all regions, the growth driven by advanced materials and chemicals including batteries and electronics. Looking now, at our top line results for the full year on Slide 6, in constant currency, the Waters division grew 15%, while TA grew 25%. By end market, pharma grew 19% and industrial grew 15%, while academic and government came at 5% for the year. Pharma which is our largest market has grown 10% on a two-year stack basis driven by strong demand in our instruments and recurring revenues with strength in both large and small molecule applications. We've also seen ongoing strength in our industrial and applied market, which has grown 6% on a two-year stack basis led by China as well as North America and Europe. In academic and government, which has been our slowest market to recover sales in Europe and the U.S. are close to pre-pandemic levels as China has further in its recovery as university spending continues to be constrained. By geography, Asia grew 19%, China growing 25%, Americas grew at 16% with the U.S. growing at 14% and Europe also grew 14%. For the full year on a two-year stack basis, our three largest geographies, the U.S. China and Europe was 6%, 7% and 8% respectively. What is especially pleasing is that the demand is balanced across all geographies including a robust recovery in the U.S. By products and services, instruments grew 23% for the year, chemistry 15% and service grew 9%. On a stack basis instruments grew 6%, chemistry 9% and service 6%, showing strong performance above our historical averages. The strength we've seen in our LC instrument portfolio throughout the year remains a positive indicator for sustainable future growth in consumables as well as service. Our growth in recurring revenues has also been supported by the progress we've made in ecommerce as well as delivering higher attachment rates in service. Given the global nature of our business, we're certainly not immune to the ongoing supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures. But we are proactively addressing these challenges, leveraging our global manufacturing footprint and working closely with our customers and suppliers. Now moving on to Slide #7. We covered this in our Q3 earnings call and also at the recent JPMorgan conference. Our initiatives across instrument replacement, service attachment, contract organizations, ecommerce and new product launch excellence have all been important components for us to gaining our momentum and delivering strong performance in 2021. We've continued to exceed expectations and milestones on these initiatives and believe that each has further one way not just in 2022 but in years beyond providing an average incremental growth impact of roughly 100 basis points annually across the base business in the next two to three years, as our transformation program is firmly on track. Moving now on to Slide 8. The strength of our business is being supported by instrument innovation with recent product launches that have revitalized our core. Waters continues to build on its robust base with customer relationships. And importantly, it's highly technical team of scientists and engineers with deep understanding of our customers problems to solve. For example, Arc HPLC which was launched in 2020, allows customers to increase the performance and capabilities for their high volume workhorse instruments without revalidating their existing methods. This is absolutely critical in compliant environments and helps us provide the benefits of newer technology to our customers while ensuring backwards compatibility. Meanwhile, our MaxPeak Premier technology provides important benefits and applications where sensitivity and reproducibility is key by virtually eliminating the metal binding affinity of compounds, like mRNAs, oligonucleotides, peptides and glycans. On the instrument side, acuity Premier is a UPLC that was custom designed for biologics and novel modality applications, providing 100x better detection sensitivity than non-premier instruments and a 50% reduction in peak scaling. Within our chemistry portfolio MaxPeak premier columns which also offer this high performance, surface coatings have set a record in terms of uptake for new columns as this technology continues to be well received by our final customers. Turning to a mass spec portfolio, one additional example of innovation is our Select Series MRT, which is a high resolution multi reflecting time of flight instrument that provides remarkable accuracy at high speed with outstanding clarity. This instrument is setting the benchmark and mass accuracy. It's high throughput is enabling large sample studies of proteins and metabolites which previously would have taken too much time to conduct. Additionally, you may have seen our announcement this morning of what is this acquisition of charge detection mass spec technology CDMS. CDMS overcomes limitations of conventional mass spec in characterizing, analyzing and quantifying complex large molecules. This investments will allow Waters to develop and commercialize CDMS technology to solve significant unmet needs and novel modality settings such as cell and gene therapy for drug development. For the discipline my colleagues, Jon Pratt and Jianqing Bennett have brought into launches new products meaningfully grown in their contribution this year and with our product vitality index around 150 basis points up around 150 basis points to approximately 15% in Q4. Turning now to Slide 9. A key element of our informatics strategy is to provide customers with tools that help them better manage their workflows and achieve faster, easier results with high quality compliant data. Last month, we extended our next generation informatics platform Waters Connect to our Tandem Quad mass spectrometers for core quantitation starting with food testing. As any scientist who works in mass spec will tell you current software across the industry is powerful, but designed to fit all purposes and as a result can be complicated and difficult to use. A new software is built around the purpose and end market application for which it is being used. Delivering on our key principle of providing advanced technology that is fast, robust and easy to use. It reduces review times by up to 50% compared to the current market leading platform by allowing labs to meet their compliance and data integrity requirements. The overriding benefit here is that analysts can reduce review time to a minimum which is one of the largest bottlenecks in the lab, improving workflows for quantitative LCMS and mass spec data review is critical for our customers as it helps improve the throughput and efficacy. I spent time with our launch team last week and the rollout has begun with food testing applications and the plan to extend it to other applications in the near future. Now turning to Slide 10. Let me turn to the critical problems in higher growth adjacencies that we identified this year and believe we can solve overtime. First, in Bioseparations, we see an opportunity to take our chemistry expertise from small molecule separations and apply it to novel modalities and large molecule separation. Despite the rapid growth, there are significant challenges in characterizing and confirming the quality of these large complex molecules. Take mRNA as an example. The industry has a key unmet need of sustaining analytical control when measuring molecular integrity. Current practices for newer modalities like this are not as reproducible as desired, because there is not enough precision. So by advancing a biologic capabilities, we can unleash our chemistry expertise and our engineering expertise to better characterize and separate these molecules and then identify items such as process related impurities and degradation that are critical in later stage development and high volume manufacturing. In this area specifically, we're looking at bioseparations solutions for mRNA and other nucleic acids, proteins and lipid nanoparticles, as well as viral vector gene therapies and vaccines, and adeno associated viruses. Second, in bioprocess characterization, one of the key differences in bioprocessing versus small molecule processing is that once you define the manufacturing process, you're effectively stuck with it and cannot optimize it without completely revalidating the process because it is tied to the drug master file. By providing analytical techniques that are powerful enough to characterize the product sufficiently, we believe that we can overcome this barrier and separate the process from the product. This is a significant need in the industry and has the potential to be a very attractive market. Our partnership with Sartorius is a key step in this journey and as we bring the processing power of LCMS [outlines] [ph] the biocode in a workflow that is simple, powerful and fast and can be easily used on site by bioprocess engineers. The third application is of LCMS and diagnostics, where we need a fast, unbiased detection of multiple biomarkers to enable early disease detection. We believe mass spec has a significant role to play here. They've already demonstrated a proof of concept that the U.K. government in characterizing the past CoV2 virus with excellent sensitivity and selectivity, leading to a lower false positive rate than many other techniques. In review, our strong fourth quarter results cap a very successful year for Waters with broad based across our end markets and geographies. We sustained our momentum with strong two years stack revenue growth throughout the year, without transformation now embedded in how we operate. Our core business has been revitalized with growing contributions from innovative new products and initiatives. We are laser focused on our commercial execution. The market we serve remain in a healthy state and our regions have rebounded solidly from pandemic lows. Meanwhile, we see opportunities in higher growth adjacencies that will raise our exposure to faster growing market segments as we start to solve the critical problems we've identified over time. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Amol for a deeper review of the fourth quarter and full year financials as well as our outlook for the first quarter and the full year of 2022. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. As Udit outlined, we recorded net sales of 836 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 8% in constant currency and an increase of 6% as reported. We had a record instrument sales this quarter, which increased 12% versus prior year and 8% on a two year stack basis. Despite six fewer calendar days, our recurring revenue, which represents the combination of chemistry and service revenue increased by 3% for the quarter. Chemistry revenues were up 5% and service revenues were up 2%, both of which had tough comparisons in the prior year. The six fewer calendar days in the quarter, translated to a growth headwind of approximately 6% for recurring revenue and approximately 3% for total revenue. For the full year, sales grew by about 16% in constant currency and 18% as reported, recurring revenues grew 11% with chemistry up 15% and service up 9%, while instrument sales grew 23%, driven by strong customer demand and new product introductions. Our two-year stacked constant currency sales growth was 7.5% for Q4 and 7% for the second half of 2021 versus 6.5% for the first half. This acceleration underscores our good commercial momentum heading into 2022. Looking ahead, comparing 2022 to 2021, there is one fewer day in the first quarter, no change in the second or third quarters and one additional day in the fourth quarter. Now I would like to comment on our fourth quarter and full year non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter came in as expected at 58%. On a full year basis, gross margin was 58.5% compared to 57.4% in the prior year with improvements driven primarily by volume leverage and a 30 basis points tailwind from FX. Moving down the P&L for Q4 operating expenses increased by approximately 12% on a constant currency basis and include an increase of approximately 7% due to the normalization of our prior year COVID-related cost actions. For the year, operating expenses were approximately 18% higher in constant currency and include an increase of 15% due to the normalization of prior year COVID-related cost actions. In the quarter and for the full year, our effective operating tax rate was 14.4% and 13.8%, respectively. For the full year, our effective tax rate decreased by 100 basis points due to a favorable change in our income mix by jurisdiction. Our average share count came in at 61.4 million shares, which is about 1.1 million less than the fourth quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the fourth quarter increased 1% to $3.67 in comparison to $3.65 last year, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and the normalization of prior year COVID-related cost reductions, non-GAAP EPS increased 8%. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share increased to $3.52 compared to $3.49 last year. For the full year, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share was up 24% at $11.20 versus $9.05 in the prior year. On a GAAP basis, full year earnings per share was $11.17 versus $8.36 a year ago, the increase was driven primarily by sales volume, partially offset by the normalization of our COVID-related cost action. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning and in the appendix of this presentation. Turning to free cash flow capital deployment on our balance sheet, we define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excludes special items. In the fourth quarter of 2021, free cash flow was 187 million after funding 45 million of capital expenditures, excluded from the free cash flow was 9 million related to the investments in our Taunton precision chemistry operations and 5 million in costs relating to one-time litigation settlement. For the full year, free cash flow was 675 million, with approximately $0.24 of each dollar of sales converted into free cash flow. In the fourth quarter, accounts receivable DSOs came in at 66 days, down four days compared to the fourth quarter of last year and down five days compared to the last quarter. Inventory DIO decreased by nine days, compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Given higher sales volumes and our proactive measures to secure supply, inventory increased by 52 million in comparison to the prior year. We maintain a strong balance sheet access to liquidity and a well-structured debt maturity profile. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased approximately 448,000 shares of our common stock for 156 million in Q4. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position was 945 million with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of about one. Our capital deployment priorities are investing for growth, maintaining balance sheet strength and flexibility and returning capital to shareholders along with focus on deploying capital to well thought out attractive and adjacent growth opportunities. Now as we look towards the year ahead, I would like to provide you with our thoughts for 2022 which is on Slide 11. In 2021, our momentum has progressively accelerated, driven by a robust end market demand and strong commercial execution across our geographies. As we head into 2022, we expect our momentum to continue and that we will be able to address supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures and believe that our near-term growth initiatives will continue to contribute to our performance. These dynamics support full year 2022 guidance of 5% to 7% constant currency sales growth. At current rates, a negative currency translation is expected to subtract approximately one percentage point, resulting in full year reported sales growth guidance of 4% to 6%. Gross margin for the full year is expected to be approximately 58% and operating margin is expected to be approximately 30% to 30.5%. We expect our full year net interest expense to be approximately 35 million and full year tax rate to be approximately 15.5%. Average diluted 2022 share count is expected to be approximately 61 million. Our share repurchase program will continue into 2022 and we'll provide quarterly updates as appropriate. Rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2022 earnings per fully diluted share have now projected in the range of $11.75 to $12. This includes a negative currency impact of approximately two percentage points at today's rates. Looking at the first quarter of 2022, we expect constant currency sales growth to be 6% to 8%. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately three percentage points resulting in first quarter reported sales growth guidance of 3% to 5%. First quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range $2.25 to $2.35. This includes a negative currency impact of approximately four percentage points at today's rates. Now, I would like to turn it back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. In summary, we are pleased with our performance this year. Our core business is reenergized, our transformation is on track. And we built really good commercial momentum going into 2022. And we are laser focused on our commercial execution and accelerating innovation through our portfolio while reaching higher growth, close adjacent markets. With a new leadership team in place and our transformation well underway, we're also expanding our focus on environmental, social and governance topics. We've initiated a complete materiality assessment which will allow us to look at areas where Waters can contribute and ensuring we do our part to leave the world better than we found it. I look forward to sharing an update on this later this year. With that, we will now begin the Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. At this time, we'll begin our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. I had one on the Q and one on guidance. And maybe we'll start with the Q, Udit”. If I look at the instrument growth of 5%, 12% that came in well above expectations. Was there any year-end budget flush? Or is this the continuation of the execution momentum we've seen throughout the course of ’21? Maybe talk about what happened in Q4, why instruments came in so strong?
Udit Batra: Yes. So Vijay, thank you for the question and good morning. Look, we've seen strong instrument growth momentum throughout the year and Q4 is no exception. And this is largely attributed to our commercial. Our commercial initiatives, especially the replacement initiative and the successful launch of new products, especially the Arc HPLC, the Acuity Premier, and more recently, the high res mass spec platform. The full year numbers from an instrument perspective, I would say even more interesting. I think their instruments have really led the growth with mid 20s sort of growth rate with LC coming around that range, mass spec a little bit slower and TA really endearing in the high 20s in growth rate. So instruments have really led the charge in terms of our recovery and that bodes, as you know, very well for the future for our service and recurring businesses. So to summarize, really, it's commercial momentum, new products that we've seen throughout the year and nothing sort of dramatic that was taking place at the end of the year. That was very different from what we have seen throughout the year.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Udit. And maybe one for Amol on the guidance. It looks like Q4 gross margin came in a little bit light. And I thought I heard you say it was in line with expectations. Is there anything on the gross margin line for fiscal '22? Because I look at your revenue growth -- reported revenue growth of the four to six, earnings growth of a five to seven, you do have some share repurchases going on. So that implies maybe perhaps margins were flat to down, what would cause margins to be down and is that a gross margin issue?
Amol Chaubal: Good morning, Vijay, and thanks for the question. So look, I mean, the gross margin for Q4 came in as we had guided. And if you compare it versus prior year, the gross margin is lower because of three factors. There is a 50 basis points headwind from exchange rate. But then there were also prior year COVID cost actions that normalize this year. And then, the quarter was heavier on instruments and instruments are lower margin compared to other elements of our portfolio. So when you put those three things together, it sort of reconciles with the gross margin last year. Where we are guiding for 22 at approximately 58% is in line with what we did this year. And on the operating margin side, we are saying about 30% to 30.5%. So it's sort of slightly better than 30.2% on the top end of the range. What is in there is also the tax rate, we are saying tax rate, we are expecting 15.5%. That's higher than the tax rate we had this year, primarily because the 2017 regs have a provision in place, which requires capitalization of R&D expenses, and our x-U.S. R&D expenses when capitalized will have an impact on the guilty provisions. So that has added about a little over a percentage point to the tax rate. That's included in our guidance.
Operator: Thank you so much for your question. Our next question is from Dan Brennan with Cowen. Your line is open.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thanks for the question, guys. Congrats on the quarter. Maybe just to start on -- just on the overall biopharma market. Just could you give us a sense, Udit, in terms of what the addressable market is growing at today? How Water is doing from a share perspective, particularly across your LCMS mass spec portfolios?
Udit Batra: Sure. Good morning, Dan. Look, overall, the best way to look at this is to look at stacked growth rates, right? If you just look at the stacked growth rates, we finished the year around 7% overall in the business where pharma came in higher at double-digit. And what we've seen on the pharma side is really strong uptake, not just the demand, not just the increasing demand in the market. So it's slightly higher than historical averages, but also water specific execution. First, from a commercial perspective, across our five commercial initiatives, as well as new product introduction which has had very good uptake, especially in pharma, arc HPLC has done very well, especially in China. And increasingly in the U.S. and Europe, the acuity premier with the MaxPeak technology has really hit a real sweet spot with novel modalities, which have higher affinity to metal surfaces. So new products, especially on the instrument side. And now we have introduced our next generation of informatics platform for mass spec. So we expect new products to continue to do well. So to summarize, the pharma end market has been a bit more robust than historical averages. But in that robust market, we have been executing extremely well from a commercial perspective, as well as with new product introductions. So that bodes well for what we think about in the future for this largest end market.
Dan Brennan: Great. Thank you for that. And then maybe if I can ask a two-parter, just one on China, obviously, Q4 was a really nice stack acceleration. You had some color in the prepared remarks. Just wondering what to assume for '22 in China? And then on an unrelated base, just bioproduction, you did the deal today, which is likely a very small tuck-in, you have the Sartorius deal, but how do we think about your organic and inorganic investments going forward over the next year in bioproduction? Thank you.
Udit Batra: Dan, I mean, China, thanks for the question, really excited. I mean, it all starts with leadership. We have a new leader in China who's really executing what I've talked about at a global level from a commercial perspective. Overall, I mean, as the overall business grew 16% for the year, China was in the mid-20s, driven again, by very, very strong instrument growth rates, well in excess of 30% growth where LC is doing very well. From an end market perspective in China, pharma, and/or especially our focus on CDMOS there has grown the business in excess of 40%. So excited about what we're seeing in China. New products are doing extremely well. And there's no reason to believe that that should slow down going into the New Year. If anything, we expect newer products to gain even more traction. And there's a lot more to do in China, by the way, increasing penetration across the board. And then, turning to your question on bioproduction, look, in general, the two growth initiatives that we've highlighted, that are focused on biologics and novel modalities are number one on bioseparations, and number two on bioproduction. On bioseparations, we are a world leader in separating small molecules. And with our chemistry and engineering expertise, we're simply turning that to larger molecules, like mRNA oligonucleotides proteins. And then from a bioproduction perspective, we've talked about first, the collaboration, we have Sartorius, where we first focused on characterizing the process for a high volume application called clone selection, where we took the workflow from about six weeks to less than a week. And that has a lot of traction with our customers, we are now adding on other attributes that we want to measure for the process, creating a seamless software bridge between the [indiscernible] of Sartorius as well as the biocode that we have. And then looking at other applications, be it scale up to larger bio reactors, or other modalities like again, oligonucleotides and more complex protein. So a lot of runway on the bioproduction side, and the deal that we announced a small tuck-in as you know, CDMS, thanks for asking about it. It's something that's good and dear to my heart. And I must admit, I started off as a skeptic. When I first heard about the technology, the team sent me some publications and said, hey, it's a technology. And I thought it's another hobby, but it's a really good fit, right. So basically, the CDMS technology takes mass spec to larger molecules, where we can now separate mRNA as well as viral vectors, which are larger proteins, intact proteins where mass spec reaches its limits. And what excited us the most is a demonstration we did with our customers several months ago, where we expected roughly 20 customers to come in Kendall Square, where we have our immerse lab roughly 40 showed up, I was so excited, I asked them all and our Head of Strategy. Dan Welch to join me to listen to the customers that sealed the deal, right? So we basically said, look, this is a technology that our customers really, really want. It's going to allow them to analyze more complex molecules much more carefully. And now we have the development, commercialization manufacturing rights for the technology. So super excited about what we are seeing in the bioproduction, bioseparations area.
Operator: Our next question is from Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink.
Puneet Souda: So first of all, congrats on the strong quarter here. Really strong in instrumentation growth. So have a bit of a question on the guide. First, 5% to 7% full year guide, how much are you expecting in terms of contribution from the replacement initiative here? I mean, is this still a 40 million or so replacement initiative for 2022 as you were expecting before or is it more now? And how much contribution in the full year guide from maybe new growth initiative with the separations and bioprocessing clone selection the diagnostics? Yes, contribution overall from -- in the guide from the replacement initiatives and these new initiatives that you have in place now because I mean, Udit you joined them in 2020. It's been one full year of lift that we're seeing in the replacement cycle, and just wanting to get as to sort of how should we think about this year and maybe even into next year for the replacement initiatives in these new efforts that you have underway?
Udit Batra: Puneet, the way I would think about the contribution across the five initiatives instrumental placement, service attach ecommerce, CDMO is about 100 basis points of acceleration beyond what we see in the market. So that's how I would look at that piece, sort of lump it all together and it's about 100 basis points give or take. Second, on the new growth initiatives, as I commented in the previous quarter, as well as at a recent conference. This is something that we expect to meaningfully contribute in the mid to long term. We are very excited about the traction we have on bioprocessing with our collaboration with Sartorius. We're doing very well on the early stages of adapting SCMS for specialty applications in diagnostics. And we have a very good start on bioseparations as well as some other initiatives. So you should expect that to contribute in the midterm. In the short-term, about 100 basis points from our initiatives that are already ongoing. And in the midterm, these other initiatives will start to contribute meaningfully. It’s a great start. But I would say the midterm starting '23, '24 is when you should start seeing an impact of these initiatives.
Puneet Souda: Got it. And then on the order book and overall demand. Just maybe could you update us where the backlog stands? I think that's fairly strong in the fourth quarter, even in third quarter, maybe just give us, how do you see that conversion in the first quarter and through the year? And just update us if you could on the supply chain, obviously, that's impacting number of companies. But how should we bounce that order conversion versus the supply chain and any other inflation concerns that you're seeing in the market? Thank you.
Udit Batra: Puneet, you asked two maybe three questions in one, I'll try to take them each in turn. First, in terms of the order book, it's extremely strong. We don't get specific numbers on the backlog. But it's higher than it's been in the past, you can safely assume that orders are growing faster than sales. Now in terms of challenges that we're facing on supply chain on pricing, let's take a step back. We're not immune to those challenges like anybody else. Especially on the material side, where there are material constraints, what I would say on that front, having now extreme transparency into the primary, secondary, tertiary suppliers, deep sort of discussions with those colleagues in different companies. And the fact that we have a nimble organization here our size and our simple portfolio is a huge advantage. We're able to communicate any sort of changes rapidly through the organization through supply chain into commercial and be able to deal with it. And we've dealt successfully with any sort of disruption in Q3 and Q4. I'm not saying it was easy, but we've dealt with it, given the transparency and given the communication we have internally and externally with stakeholders. And by contrast, I think Q1 is like summer vacation versus Q4. So I'm not diminishing the topic, it's still with us. But we have developed that muscle. And in terms of pricing and freight. Look, we've had about 100 basis points or so of pricing in 2021, you should expect, say 150 basis points give or take. But what I would like to emphasize here, this is not a willy-nilly transfer of pricing to our customers. We have, as I said many times very, very strong relationship with our customers, we have open discussions and wherever we see challenges, we discuss them. And there's a lot of understanding as we pass on some of the increases in pricing that we see. So I think I've addressed several of your questions. And Amol, do you to –
Amol Chaubal: I mean just to build on it, Puneet, as you know, I mean, our products are differentiated. And that's not just instruments. I mean, we have very innovative chemistry portfolio that the customers like. We have a great track record and a seamless service. And we have an informatics platform that's really valued by our customers. So that puts us in a great spot to have these discussions to with our customers walk them through what's happening in the market. And then internally, what we've done is, we're keeping a close eye on how prices are moving in the market, especially labor freight and electronic components. We are constantly training and educating our sales teams so that they are aware about what's happening on the operation side so that they can have productive dialogue with our customers. And through Q4. we've navigated that well and that gives us a lot of confidence going into 2022.
Operator: Our next question is from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: So strong end to the year on the chemistry front, was hoping you could comment more on customer ordering trends. Do you think there was any stocking benefit in the quarter or any quantifiable budget flush across the portfolio?
Udit Batra: Not really didn't see, I would say what we saw, of course, there's always a run up at the end of the year in this business. But I would say it's nothing unusual. And the way -- the reason I say that we're seeing similar trends persist into the year as well. So we're seeing really a continuation of what we saw towards the year end. And the orders, as we commented earlier, orders are outpacing the sales. So that gives us confidence that this is not sort of a big pull forward of any sort of products. And when you look at Waters are specific reasons, right, so we can, and again, I'll draw your attention to the overall stacked growth numbers. We've basically ended the year with the second half being stronger than the first half of the year, overall for the year, it's roughly 7% stacked growth. Where instruments are roughly 6% growth, which is well above our historical averages. And, again, the same thing for consumables which are close to double-digit growth. This is, again, above historical averages, but there are Waters specific reasons driving both of those. So in both cases, we have commercial initiatives that have driven that and new products that have contributed. So nothing really that one should look at as a blip. I mean, this is something that we expect to continue both the commercial as well as the new product momentum.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then just was hoping either you or Amol could comment on expectations for operating expenses in 2022. So gross margins of 58%, it'd be down something like 50 bps year-over-year, the op margin is more like flat. So just talk about the investments in R&D, and sales and marketing for 2022. What's the plan there?
Amol Chaubal: Yes, thanks. That's a great question. So as we get into 2022, our focus is to drive productivity gains through various different initiatives that are in place across service productivity, operational excellence in manufacturing, both direct and indirect procurement programs, as well as things like digitization and building capability center in India. And those will provide a great amount of space for us to fund the high growth adjacencies that we've talked about. And so net of that we think, as we've said at JPMorgan conference, allows us to deliver 20 to 30 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. And that's what is embedded in our guide. So we've guided at 30% to 30.5% versus 30.2% for 2021. So at the higher end of the guide, you do get the 20 to 30 basis points that we had –
Udit Batra: I think just to sort of conclude the formula is very simple. I mean, we drive the top line with our initiatives, there's a lot of leverage in the P&L. And with the productivity initiatives, we make a bit more room. We're not skimping on the investments. We believe that these are really necessary and helpful for us to set up the future. And hence we deliver a 20 to 30 basis points increase in margin. So the idea is very simple.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research.
Josh Waldman: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my questions. First, Amol, I wonder if you could comment on how you're thinking about growth across instruments, consumables and service for 2022 or within your 2022 guide.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Look, I mean, as we've traditionally seen, you would see service growth at the midpoint of the guide. Instrument growth is slightly lower than that and chemistry growth is slightly about that about two percentage points spread plus or minus.
Udit Batra: And Josh, not much different than what you would have seen in and how we exited 2021. So 7% stack rose with consumables being closer to double-digit, instrument being slightly lower at 6%, but well above historical averages.
Operator: Our next question is from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Mike Ryskin: This is Mike Ryskin on for Derek. I'm going to ask two quick ones. First on the academic and government markets. didn't really touch on the prepared remarks. You guys had a little bit of a bounce back to end the year. But I know that can be super volatile and 2020 was an easy comp. So could you give us an update on what you're seeing in that probably more than the mass spec portfolio. But still is that end market across geographies, starting to come back to normal, or is there still some choppiness there? And then, the quick follow is on M&A, the Megadalton deal. Most technology tuck-in, is that, something like that technology or an underlying platform deal, something we should expect going forward. Just given your leverage in the balance sheet, are you willing to look at bigger assets? Thanks.
Udit Batra: Thanks, Mike. On academic and government look, we're pleased with how we ended the year with a 5% growth. But it's still very choppy across the geographies and across the portfolio. We saw nice recovery in Europe, very much driven by our mass spec portfolio like so and there the businesses rather lumpy. So that said, what I'd rather focus on in that end market is what we're trying to do to establish a basis is reviving our KOL relationships. And recently I was with a KOL, who's been with Waters for a very long time, Head of our Proteomics Institute at one of the top medical schools in the U.S. And he basically said in no uncertain terms that have careers been sort of built together with Waters, especially on the mass spec side. So we are very optimistic on what we will be able to do in that market. But it's early days, right on the academic and government market. And then on M&A, on the Megadalton deal, this is a very good fit. So for large novel modalities to characterize them better with mass spec, and we know mass spec really, really well. You should expect us to continue to look for such technology accelerators. But also, we're open to building our portfolio, as I mentioned earlier, both on the floor as well as the faster growth adjacencies wherever we find something relevant. But I will remind you that look, our core business is performing extremely well. And that is the number one focus to continue the commercial momentum, to continue delivering new products across our base portfolio. And as you noticed, across the LC portfolio, across the mass spec portfolio now informatics, we're seeing a drumbeat of new products that are adding on to the field. So the focus is on the core. And we are very open to looking at M&A that accelerates and sentence our position. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: I just wanted to add on the previous question, so on the academics and government, China is one area of focus for us because if you look at China, we grew on a stack basis in [indiscernible] constant currency, industrial stack 16%. But what brought it down was academics and government. And we are laser focused on revitalizing growth in that business. There are two parts to the problem, part of it is our own commercial execution, which we are focused on. But there's also drag from the VAT reimbursement issue, which we think will progressively resolve over the course of 2022.
Operator: Our next question is from Patrick Donnelly with Citi.
Patrick Donnelly: Udit, maybe just a follow up on Mike's question there in terms of M&A. You've mentioned the large [mall] [ph] strategy a few times, obviously, one, where you see investment [indiscernible]? I mean, how do you think about balancing organic versus inorganic investments in that segment? I mean, is the base business, do you feel like the technology isn't a good enough place to kind of go after some of those high growth areas? Or do you feel like it really needs to be supplemented in organically with some deals just curious on the strategy on that front?
Udit Batra: Patrick, I mean, it's a great question. I mean, we don't have a dogma there. But it always starts with what we know how to do. So we know how to do analytical measurements. And we've turned that focus towards larger molecules and more complex molecules both in the bioseparations arena, where there are significant challenges. Even if you take mRNA as an example, in aggregation and separation of these molecules. Lipid nanoparticles or plasmids, and there, we are perfectly capable of making a difference with our internal focus and collaborations with reagents companies and people who know how to do sample prep for biologics. So I think that for me, is the perfect combination. And on the bioprocessing side, we started with a partnership where we wanted our organization to learn the whole bioprocessing domain. And now we -- as we get a better understanding, we will surely be looking at augmenting our capabilities in Indiana on the analytical front. So you will not see us going and buying a bioreactor or a filtration company but you will see us looking at better analytical techniques to elucidate the structure and properties of these complex molecules, but it's a mix. So it's a heavy focus on organic investments, where relevant partnerships and where we see opportunities that beat up the separations of these molecules or as was characterized bioprocessing better, we will be active in the M&A space.
Operator: That does conclude our Q&A portion of today's conference. I will now turn our call back over to Mr. Udit Batra.
Udit Batra: Thank you. Thank you all for your participation and your questions. And on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our first quarter 2022 call which is currently anticipated on May 3, 2022. Thank you and have a wonderful day.
Operator: This does concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2021 financial results conference call. All participants will be on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference call. The conference call is being recorded, and if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Manager of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results of the Company and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the fourth quarter, full-year 2021 and 2022.  We caution you that any and all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations [Indiscernible] the risk factors included in our annual reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31st, 2020, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors.  And in our most recent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2021 in Part 1A under the caption Risk Factors. Both of which are on file with the SEC, as well as the cautionary language included in this morning's press release, including with respect to the risks related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We further caution you that the Company does not intend to update any of these predictions or projections, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcast, or as otherwise required by law.  The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for February 1st, 2022. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, are attached to our earnings release issued this morning, and in the appendix of our presentation, which are available on the Company's website.  And our discussions of the results of operations we may refer to non-GAAP results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled "Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted non-GAAP Financials" included in this morning's press release and in the appendix of our presentation. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results, increasing or decreasing, are in comparison to the third quarter of fiscal year 2020.  In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Dr. Udit Batra, Waters President and CEO, Udit.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar. And good morning, everyone. Along with Caspar, joining me on this morning's call is Amol Chaubal, Waters' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We have reported another quarter of strong, broad-based momentum across our portfolio and geographies. We first thank our over 7,000 colleagues around the globe who represent the indomitable spirit of Waters.  Our teams have remained focused on supporting our customers and developing and delivering exciting new products, despite the continuing impact of the pandemic. September 1st, marked one year since I joined the Company, and what a year it has been. I'm often asked what is different. I would first like to talk about what is the same, because that is what is giving us the ability to compete more effectively.  Our brand stands for these scientific expertise, a clear understanding of our customers' challenges, and courage to invest in game-changing innovation. This remains the same. What we have injected with our new leadership team is a stronger focus on execution, a sense of urgency and accountability. We are a work in progress, but the trend is positive. Now moving to Slide 3, which summarizes where we are on our journey.  Firstly, we're sustaining our commercial momentum with another strong quarter, delivering SPAC sales growth of 6%, showing solid business performance with minimum COVID ailment. Meanwhile, our commercial initiatives and strong traction of new products by Premier Columns and instruments and Arc HPLC were Venn positioned to deliver market plus growth through 2022.  Finally, we're building on this momentum by taking decisive steps in solving key problems that are present in higher growth adjacencies, like Biologics Manufacturing. I will now provide a brief overview of our third quarter operating results, as well as commentary on our end markets geographies and technologies. Amol will then review our financial results in did you guys provide comments on our updated financial outlook, we will then open up the phone lines to take your questions.  Moving now to slide 4, in the third quarter, our revenue grew 11% as reported, and on a constant currency basis, reflects the second continued strength in our pharma and industrial end markets. That is demand for our instruments and regarding revenue products. This translates to a 6% stacked cater for the quarter versus 2019 on a constant-currency basis. Year-to-date, revenue has increased 21% with the constant currency stack CAGR versus 2019, also about 6%. Our top-line growth resulted in Q3 non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share of $2.66, growing 23% year-over-year. Year-to-date, non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share have grown 39% to $7.54.  Looking more closely at our top-line results for the quarter on Slide 5 in constant currency. First, by operating segment, the Waters division grew 9%, while TA grew by 27%. By end-market, our largest market category Pharma, grew 16%, industrial grew 9%, while academic and government declined by 11%. In Pharma, we saw a broad-based continued strength in sales across customer segments, geographies and applications.  Spend was both in small molecule and large molecule applications, which both grew in mid-teens for the quarter. industrial, growth was reasonably broad. And next our beauty business, which saw strong growth globally internal micro Calvin imagery and Realogy. Turning to academic and government, which is about 10% of our business, continued strength in Europe was offset by softer performance in China and other regions. Moving off last year's performance by geography on a constant currency basis, sales in the Americas grew 16%, with the U.S. growing 13%, sales in Europe grew 8%, sales in Asia grew 8%, with India over 40%, and China sales were down 3%.  Now to the bit of clarification on China. Demand remains very healthy, as does the execution of our initiatives. A shipment of approximately $12 million got delayed at an airport in the last few days of the quarter due to a third-party shipping issue and has been delivered in the first few days of the fourth quarter. Looking, therefore, at China orders for the quarter, this was up mid-teens, year-over-year.  So, really no challenge from a demand perspective. In the U.S., growth was led by a broad-based continued strength in our pharma and industrial-end markets. In pharma, we saw strength across our instrument and Galaxy portfolios. In Industrial, our Waters and [Indiscernible] businesses both saw strong growth. In Europe, demand remains robust across all end markets with continued strength in pharma, industrial, and academic, and government. For the quarter, India was our fastest-growing market, driven by very strong growth in instrument sales to our common customers.
Caspar Tudor: As you know, India is primarily a small molecule and generic market for export, and this is indicative of continued strength in global pharmaceutical demand for small molecule drugs. At products and services, customer demand for our instruments, remained strong, after an invested first half of the year, when recurring dividends also continued to see sustained growth.  Overall, instrument sales grew 10% for the quarter, driven by robust demand on improved commercial execution, new product contribution, and instruments replacement. In LC, the newly released Arc HPLC continued to see strong growth and uptake of our Premier instruments, both Arc and the ACQUITY, especially for applications in novel modalities like mRNA and Biologics remains solid.
Udit Batra: The strength we're seeing in our LC instrument portfolio remains a positive indicator for sustainable future growth in consumables and service. In mass spec, demand strength from pharma, customers continued with a strong demand for our single-quads, led by users for Oligo and Biologics purification, as well as strength in our Tandem-quads used in late-stage drug development.  We're also encouraged by early interest in our SELECT SERIES MRT Time-of-flight platform, which delivered highest quality resolution at fast speeds. Now for recurring revenues Chemistry sales grew 13% driven by an increase in utilization of our pharma customers, as well as strength in our industrial end markets. Demand for our new Premier Columns remain strong, while our e-commerce initiative is progressing and making it easier for our customers to do business with us.  So far this year, our chemistry consumables have grown almost double-digits when compared to the -- compared to our 2019 [Indiscernible] We're pleased that our Premier Technology is continuing to provide important benefits in separation and certification of mRNA and oligonucleotide molecules, given its unique ability to reduce selected binding of plasmids and mRNA to various surfaces. Service also grew double-digits again this quarter, even as last year's comps have become tougher. On a two-year stack basis, service grew 7% in constant currency for the quarter and 6% year-to-date.  By focusing on our value proposition and commercial execution, we have seen an increase in service fan attachment rates and revenues. Finally, DA had its -- had a great quarter with sales up almost 30% as demand has rebounded with strong growth across all regions. DA instrument sales have grown at 8% on a 2-year stack basis so far this year, driven by strong demand for our common instruments used in the analysis of advanced materials, as well as microperimetry instrument demand for our pharma and academic customers.  Moving now to slide 6, let me now focus on why we believe that we will continue to deliver market plus growth. I think you're used to seeing these initiatives, so let me use the same frame, starting from the left-hand side of the slide. In 2021, we expect our instruments investment initiatives to become over $40 million, which means an incremental 10 million over 2021. The Fusion is positively impacting our service business with land companies.  Having increased by 2% so far this year, compared to the first three quarters of 2019. In 2022, we think a further 100 basis points of expansion in service plan, adoption is available. Growth and e-commerce adoption also remains strong, with chemistry sales to our e-commerce channels approaching roughly 30% versus the 21% we saw in 2019. We expect this to continue reaching over 35% by the end of next year. So far, this year, revenue from contract organizations has grown over 40% versus the comparable period in 2019.  Next year, expect us to grow that low double-digits for the year versus 2021. And new products continue to do well. We are just taking the example of Arc HPLC and Premier to illustrate the point here. Both Arc HPLC and Premier continue to be strong drivers with over 45 million revenue expected from these sources for this year in total in separate and unseparate to the replacement initiative. 2022, we are expecting this number to be over $60 million. So in all these initiatives alone should give us approximately 1% over our base business growth for 2022, which we upon our beliefs in market fast growth rates.  Moving now to Slide 7, we operate -- we operate a strong core business in healthy and [Indiscernible] end-markets. This strong foundation provides us a platform for solving critical problems facing our industry where we can bring our scientific expertise and product portfolio capabilities. I would like to say that our 3 years of focus, which also happened to be in high-growth end markets both in the Biologics arena, on the reagent side and bio separations.  We believe there are significant problems to solve in separating and purifying these newer modalities. Having a deeper understanding of reagents, coupled with our chemistry expertise, will allow us to solve these problems. Second, in bioprocessing, the largest challenge I cited as an engineer in bioprocessing, versus small molecule processing, was that once you defined the process, you got stuck with it, because it wasn't in a drug master file. We have to decouple the process from the product. Separately, the process development timescale, our number was a small molecule, given the sheer complexity of attributes you need to measure. A simple and robust tool that can measure multiple absolutes is a potential solution.  We believe that the BioAccord is the right LC-MS tool that can begin to address this challenge. Third area is diagnostics, where we need a fast unbiased detection of multiple biomarkers to enable early disease detection. We believe, again, mass spec has a significant role to play here. Moving now onto slide 8, let me illustrate what I mean by sharing what we're doing to solve some of the key problems in bioprocessing. Last week, we announced a partnership with Cytori's, a leader in bioprocessing.  If you could combine our waters BIO4 system as a bioprocess analyzer with Cytori's and their bioreactors, giving scientist both faster and at-line direct access to our launch quantity characterization information. Scientists across Cytori's, Waters, and some of our customers have already shown that the combined offering will shorten product development timelines considerably, making what currently takes 6 weeks to analyze down to only 2 days. It also lays the foundation for using the BioAccord as a bioprocess analyzer for process control and quality testing in the future.  BioAccord is both versatile and easy-to-use, and we expect that most of engineers will be able to master its operation within 1 to 2 weeks. In fact, one of our customers had summer intern use the BioAccord and gave raving reviews on how simple it is to use. I'm also an engineer who has been out of the lab for many years, and I was able to learn quickly. Resulting configuration with our direct analysis of rough substance, not just cell-culture media while targeting over 250 cell-culture media analyzed. Separately, we also announced a multi-year collaboration with the University of Delaware to develop technology for analytical characterization of manufacturing processes for Biologics and Novel modalities.  [Indiscernible] partnerships, researchers from both Waters and the university of Delaware would identify and develop solutions. That can provide better aseptic sampling, makes center and analytical instrument improvements, and develop data analytics and process control. This partnership will help us expand our capabilities to characterize biological manufacturing processes in order to drive improvements in quality, deals, efficiency, and process control.  In summary, 2021, so far, has been a very successful year for Waters. We are laser-focused on our commercial execution. The markets we serve are in a healthy state and our geographic regions have rebounded solidly from dynamic loss. Meanwhile, I'm convinced of the great opportunity that lies ahead of us in higher growth adjacencies to impact and deliver value by extending our scientific expertise and product portfolio towards helping customers solve the most complex problems in our industry. With that, I'd like to pass the call Operator Amol for a deeper review of third quarter financials and our outlook for the remainder of 2021. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit. And good morning, everyone. As Udit outlined, we recorded net sales of $659 million in the Third Quarter, an increase of 11% in constant currency. Reported sales growth was also 11%. Looking at product line growth, our recurring revenue, which represents the combination of chemistry and service revenue, increased by 11% for the quarter. While instrument sales increased 10%. [Indiscernible] revenues were up 13% and service revenues were up 10%.  As we noted in our last earnings call, that recurring revenues were not impacted by a difference in calendar days this quarter. Looking ahead, that are 6 fewer days in fourth quarter of this year compared to 2020. Now, I would like to comment on our third quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior-year. Gross margin for the quarter was 58.9% compared to 55.8% in the third quarter of 2020. Improvement was driven primarily by one leverage and revenues. Acquired exchange benefit in the quarter was about 1%. More inbound to P&L, operating expenses increased by approximately 17% on a constant-currency basis and on a reported basis.  The increase was primarily attributable to higher labor costs due to the normalization of prior-year cost actions, as well as higher variable compensation on the higher sales volume. In the quarter on our effective operating tax rate was 11.7%, a decrease from last year due to some inevitable or specific discrete items. Excluding the impact of these discrete items, our year-to-date tax rate is consistent with the prior year.  Our average share count coming in at 61.9 million shares or about 400 thousand less than the third quarter of last year. As a result of our share repurchase program. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the third quarter increased 23% to $2.66 in comparison to $2.16 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully-diluted share increased to $2.60, compared to $2.03 last year.  A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached in the press release issued this morning and the appendix of this presentation. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, and exclude special items. In the third quarter of 2021, free cash flow was $140 million after funding $40 million of capital expenditures.  Excluded from the free cash flow was $12 million, relating to investment in our content precision chemistry operations. Year-to-date, free cash flow has increased to [Indiscernible] million and approximately $0.25 of each dollar of sales converted into free cash flow. In the third quarter, accounts receivable DSO, came in at 71 days, down 5 days compared to the third quarter of last year. And down 2 days compared to the last quarter [Indiscernible] DIO decreased by 13 days compared to the third quarter of last year. Given the higher sales volume our proactive measures to secure a supply in monthly increased by $62 million in comparison to the prior year.  We maintain a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity, and well-structured debt maturity profile. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased approximately 369,000 shares of our common stock for 151 million in Q3. At the end of the quarter, our net debt position was 958 million, with net debt to EBITDA ratio about one. Our capital deployment priority [Indiscernible] to invest in growth, maintain balance sheet strength and flexibility, return capital to shareholders, and to deploy capital to well thought out, attractive and adjacent growth opportunities.  As we look forward to the remainder of the year, I would like to provide you with some update on our parts for 2021 on slide 11. Throughout this year, we've seen good momentum driven by robust, end-market demand and strong commercial execution. We believe that this momentum will continue and expect our near-term growth initiatives to continue to contribute meaningfully to our performance. Looking at the fourth quarter, the comparison is more challenging.  As it was the first quarter in our transformation journey, and was further favorably impacted by forced lockdown, elevated year-end budget plus spending. In addition, we have six fewer calendar days in the fourth quarter of this year. These dynamics supports updated full-year 2021 guidance and 15% to 16% constant currency sales growth. At current exchange rates, the positive currency translation is expected to add approximately 1% decline, resulting in full-year reported sales growth guidance of 16% to 17%.  Gross margin for the full year is expected to be approximately 58% to 59%, and operating margin is expected to be approximately 29% to 30%. We expect our full-year net interest expense to be $34 million, and full-year net rate to be 14% to 15%. Average diluted 2021 share count is expected to be approximately $62 million. Our share [Indiscernible] purchase program will also continue into Q4 and will provide quarterly updates as appropriate [Indiscernible] August together on a non-GAAP basis [Indiscernible] 2021 earnings per fully diluted share are now projected in the range of $10.94 to $11.04.  This includes a positive currency impact of approximately 2% points at today's rate and assumes no material at worse supply impact from COVID. Looking at the fourth quarter of 2021, we expect constant currency sales growth to be 5% to 7%. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to subtract approximately 2% decline, resulting in a fourth quarter reported sales look guidance of 3% to 5%. Fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings for fully diluted shares are estimated to be in the range of $3.40 to $3.50. This includes a negative currency impact of approximately 3% points at today's rate. And assumes no material had worse supply impact from COVID. Now, I would like to turn it back to Udit for summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. Before I wrap things up, I would like to make a few comments on our ESG efforts and our core principles to fuel innovation and make a positive impact. This includes doing our part to reduce our environmental footprint and leave the world better than we found it. Being representative of a diverse society we live in and providing effective governance that enhances long-term shareholder value pack. You will see more of our progress in each of these areas in our 2021 sustainability report coming out later this month.  Turning to Slide 10. I was particularly moved recently by the new internship program we developed with team New England, designed to increase access to stem education for students of all backgrounds. Over the course of six weeks,we give high-school students, a hands-on learning experience with a mix of science, business, and soft skills. Over 70 Waters employees were involved who gave practical exposure and mentorship. We look forward to continuing these efforts in the future. In summary, we continue to be pleased with our performance this year.  We're sustaining our commercial momentum with our initiatives which continue to perform well and should provide a multi-year benefit as we continue to strengthen our core. They're continuing to crack 6% on a two-year CAGR tax 6% on a two-year CAGR for our revenue in constant currency, showing that our core is strong. Our focus on accelerating innovation to our portfolio and reaching these higher growth rate area in adjacent markets. With that, we will now begin the Q&A session. Thank you. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Dan Brennan Alan. Your line is open.
Dan Brennan Alan: Great. Thanks, guys. Thanks for the call, Thanks for the questions here. Maybe first off, Udit, just on 2022, you had provided some early look here with some of the drivers, come to how they're going to impact -- and just wondering if we think ahead, given the comp becoming off of for 2021, what's the right way to think about the in the early look for 2022 here? Consensus had you growing organically about 5%, which would imply a pretty nice acceleration on a 2-year stack basis.
Udit Batra: Thanks for the question [Indiscernible] Look for us just to -- just to this year. I mean, we're [Indiscernible] at 6% plus sort of stack growth rate. So really the base business is doing rather nicely and we would seem that the transformation is now hitting its strike. So the base business should continue to track along those lines. Now, we've always had market plus and what gives us conviction that it's going to be market [Indiscernible] the initiatives that we've outlined, including the replacement, including additional penetration in different channels, and better launch of new products.  So wherever the market is, we expect them to be market plus, given the initiatives. And in terms of what you should expect for next year, again, the same logic applies, right? As the market has four, we should be for Black diversified, we should be fighting, and at 6, we should be 6 plus. And there's no reason to believe that the market should slowdown.  All our end markets are doing super well, I mean, you saw that year-to-date both pharma and industrial are tracking close to 20% on a two-year basis. They're well ahead of what we've seen over the history of Waters. So we really good going into the next year and we have concrete initiatives that make us believe that we should be [Indiscernible]
Dan Brennan Alan: Great. And then, just maybe as a follow-up, you've been at the helm about a year plus right now. You've done, obviously, you've outlined some areas for improvement which you've executed on in terms of new product, commercial execution, customer identification, where you were lagging, how do you think about the evolution of your impact on the business? Should we expect at some point here, as we enter 2022, that there's going to be possibly a new wave of initiatives? Just thinking through what the next leg is for Waters. And related to that, just wondering how M&A fits into that? Thank you.
Udit Batra: Dan, thanks. Thanks for the question. But first, we have to make sure we do more of the same, right? I mean, and that's -- that I feel really good about, especially with the leadership of John Pratt and [Indiscernible], really executing even further on our initiatives. Second, feel very good about our ability to bring in new products to the market. They have tremendous, tremendous traction, right, especially the products that we launched recently, Arc HPLC, the Premier Columns, both adding significantly to the top line. and the MRT.  The SELECT SERIES MRT has a lot of interest from our customers across proteomics, across imaging, and across many different segments. We're feeling very good about what our pipeline is contributing and there is more to come there. And finally to your question on M&A, look, we've outlined the areas of growth we're interested in. And I think what you will see is that we're not just interested in entering these areas. Really meaning we are really thinking hard about what are the other key problems to solve.  So as an example, with bioprocessing, as an engineer and freshly [Indiscernible] after finishing my PhD days into my new job, I was actually doing manufacturing plant where we were still I manufacturing vaccines using chicken embryo eggs. So a fact with eggs, opening them up, and I will tell you the rest of the process. The process was designing many, many years ago, probably decades ago.  And the reason that you were -- that is -- and that's how MMR vaccines are [Indiscernible] manufacturer today, why we much better technology in some culture to be able to manufacture the same type of vaccine. And the reason for that sort of conservatism is that the process and the products are indistinguishable in the drug master file that you filed of to Biologics. And that's something that we really want to work on. We believe that our collaboration with the University of Delaware will help us make strides in that direction.  And I'm super excited about what we've just announced with Sartorius. I mean Sartorius is a leader in bioprocessing and they have probably the deepest penetration of small early-stage bioreactors that are used for clone selection. And that collaboration has two benefits. One we're able to take the BioAccord and improve a process that takes about six weeks to down to two days. And that's been shown by -- in collaboration with Sartorius scientists and our scientists, as well as customers, so very excited about that.  There are several 100 Amber [Indiscernible] area where we would have not otherwise entered. I mean, in this case, we want to enter with the capabilities that people feel extremely good about the initiatives. So in summary, continuing the commercial momentum, second, recharging innovation, and third, looking to enter these faster growth areas through partnerships, and increasing the open to M&A, if it makes sense. But I remind you that for M&A, we are a financially disciplined Company, so you won't see us jumping in [Indiscernible] into something that [Indiscernible]
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Udit, maybe I'll start with China. You noted the $12 million shipment delay, it doesn't sound like you're flagging any demand issues, but I'm just curious if you could elaborate a little bit on what you're seeing in that market and then any comments on supply?
Udit Batra: China year-to-date is over 30% growth. Only second to India in organic growth. From a demand perspective, for the quarter we were up mid-teens. And unfortunately, the shipment got stuck in the last few days of the quarter, which made it to our customers now. And if you included that into the Q3 numbers, it will be high single-digits to low-teens for China growth. So really, nothing to flat from a China perspective. In fact, I would say very happy with our new leader in China who's been implementing initiatives really really well, Arc HPLC has great traction.  We have built really strong commercial momentum even in our food and environmental markets [Indiscernible]. we are extremely good about where we are in China, so nothing is really to flag from a demand perspective. And on your question on supply chain, look, like everybody else in fact -- like everybody else, we are seeing constraints in shipping in different boards that appear sporadically, right? We don't think it's a systemic issue. It's a sporadic issue, and we're not unique in experiencing those challenges.  In fact, I was with a few colleagues from different industries last week, and virtually, everyone is experiencing sort of a little bit of unpredictable changes in supply chains. So we're not immune to that, and I think if somebody tells you that they are -- that's why we're not shipping as much. And then the other two pieces are of the supply chain s that are being talked a lot are are inflation; we do see inflation specifically in U.S. labor.  But nothing we haven't been able to offset by price increases with our customers. So hopefully that gives you enough color on how we feel to China. Really nothing to flag, no problem at all from a demand perspective, and from a supply chain perspective. Feeling what everybody else feels, really happy with the way our teams are working through some of these issues and starting on prices where it makes sense to our customers.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then for the follow-up, academic government is only 10%, but it was down 11%. Can you touch on what you're seeing there and do you expect that to turn this fourth quarter with the budget flush?
Udit Batra: And then Tycho, for AMG, I mean, we do year-to-date growing up 36%. And if you look at the consumables revenue, that's tracking nicely. So there's activity across our customers. So tracking in double-digits, so the recurring revenues are still growing double-digit with other end-market. So nothing to point out systemically overall, if you look at the market. Now, the performance is a bit different by region.  Europe is doing extremely well. But as China and the U.S. are bit slower, and that has to do with [Indiscernible] One, I do have pointed out, academic endowment is a small portion of our business and historically has not been a huge focus for Waters. We have, with John 's arrival, we had started to increase our focus on that segment, as well. And if you think about the instruments part of the business, that really depends on the [Indiscernible] relationships and customer relationships.  And this over time -- and pharma slowed down in many markets. And in Europe, we've come out of the gates very well. We've started to reestablish those relationships and you'll see the impact on the results year-to-date. In U.S. and China, that's work in progress and we'll give you updates as we go along. I'm optimistic with the activity I see, especially on the e-commerce and in procurement. And you see the results in our consumables business. And on the instruments side, we're improving [Indiscernible] relationships. I expect that to return, as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Vijay Kumar, Evercore?
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys, good morning and thanks for taking my question. Udit, that one for you. The $12 million shipping delay in 2Q. What segment did that impact? Was the instrument impact or government, academia. I'm curious how do you risk as Q4 from any supply chain disruption, I'm a bit curious which visibility you have.
Udit Batra: First Vijay, good morning, and similar to what I just said to Tycho, really nothing to be concerned about from a demand perspective in China, that the $12 million have made it to the customers. And it is a bit spread, that it's -- what it's basically all instruments. It's not any consumables, so it's all instruments and it's made it to the customers. A bit spread across the different customer segments online, industrial, as well as academic and government.  So nothing one segment, feeling more pain. And in terms of how we're dealing with these issues, look and, have a superb supply chain department. We have extreme transparency on the shipments and the timing of the shipments. And we started to build inventory where we see order spikes in the different regions. And so we feel that we should be able to manage through the volatility that you are seeing in different [Indiscernible].
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Udit. I did have one on gross margins. 3Q gross margin is very consistent with 2Q, but if we recall, FX has an impact on you guys, at the gross margin line. Given the 200 basis points headwind in Q4, any comments on FX impact on gross margins either in Q4 or as we look through fiscal '22?
Amol Chaubal: So we tell you -- we do expect our gross margins in Q4 to be about 58% to 59%, right? And we've seen so far in Q3, as we said, 1% tailwind onto cross margin. Looking ahead, I mean, the dollar has strengthened and we do have -- most currencies we are operationally has to accept bound and that's the currency where we are exposed. But other than that, we've sort of included that in our guide, and that's where you see BDO close to $0.10 headwind on EPS versus the last earnings call in our Q4 EPS guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. I'm wondering that -- just get a little bit more color on the shipment you flagged in China, the 12 million. So that was delivered in October. Obviously, the supply chain dynamic seems to be getting incrementally more challenging each week. So was just curious what you'd -- how things are going there, and do you think -- does your guidance contemplate any orders could slip from 4Q and 2022 as well?
Udit Batra: Morning, Jack. Look, nothing that we have visibility on that will go from Q4 to Q1. As I said, there is increased inventory in the different regions where we are seeing the demand going extremely, extremely well. And from an overall perspective, the $12 million was shipped rather promptly in Q4, right? It's just unfortunate that hinge on the days of Doug and the shipping throughout that Doug do it at the end of the quarter.  So I don't see anything that gives us visibility at this point that would tell us that they would be an impact in Q4. And in terms of what is within our hands or you heard me talk about earlier, the extreme transparency that we have on supply chain, the processes that are much, much improved over the last year, and then finally, the increased inventory is a different reason. So feel reasonably comfortable that we should be able to manage a rather ambitious end of the year.
Jack Meehan: Great. And then, was just curious about labor trends. You called out the fact that you are now above -- recovering from the pre -pandemic levels. Was just curious if you felt like there was more spend coming in 4Q and just maybe overall competition for labor, how you think your managing, in terms of retention?
Amol Chaubal: Yeah, look, U.S. labor continues to be a place where we're seeing inflationary pressures, right? I think with a strong HR function, we've put a lot of measures in place to reduce attrition and sustained talent, right? However, that doesn't play out so much in terms of cost and operating expenses into Q4. What -- as you model Q4, what you have to keep in mind is Q4 is a heavy revenue partner for us. And that results in commission payment accrued heavily in Q4, which is why it's typically seen as historically operating expenses especially as G&A on every other Q4. And that's reflected in archives.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Thanks, guys. Udit. maybe one on the '22 commentary. You said you appreciate you're expecting to continue to grow above market. When we look at 2021, it feels like one of the accelerants for you guys with the replacement cycle, I think last quarter you talked about maybe setting up as an opportunity for you guys to continue on that front or was that mainly condensed into 2021 when we think about what the growth rate could look like there?
Udit Batra: Patrick, thanks for the question. Unfortunately, I was learning baseball, like if using a baseball analogy and people have talked sense into me to start talking in revenue numbers. So that's why we put that slide together to slide 6. Brad remarks. Look [Indiscernible] off what save 1% to 1.5% extra [Indiscernible] on a stack basis. Due to the initiatives and the initiatives we're not just the instruments that basement. We saw solid attachment increase of aftermarket. We saw e-commerce adoption growth from 20-27-28%. Contact of [Indiscernible] grew, which was a new channel for us, grew roughly 40% on a two-year basis. And new product contribution also did extreme good.  So across-the-board 1% to 1.5%, sort of benefits, or what I would say the base growth and robust end markets. Next year, we think that's roughly 1% versus a base market growth of whatever the base market goes with lease. So for instrument replacement, this year, we had roughly 30 million or so of benefit. Next year to be $40 million, which is 10 million incremental, right. So that's how I would think about it, right.  So for service, 200 basis points, another 100 basis points on top. So the 200 basis points already benefits us next year. And then e-commerce goes, and anything we can read the charts. So I think that for me is how I would think about 2022 and beyond, right? And as you think about what's happening beyond, this is now part of our CRM system.  This is part of our execution that John Pratt and Jianqing are implementing, right. So we now have the full list of HPLC, UPLC, as well as the Tandem-quads in the CRM system that our reps are going through step-by-step and replacing. And this will continue next year, and will go on into the year after. Same thing is true for our service attachment rates. We know where the attachment rates are.  We're using that database to now go after it. So it has become part of the DNA of the organization, and I think that gives me confidence that we will be able to accelerate also next year. And then finally, new products, as I mentioned are doing very well. MRT has just started to pick up a lot of interest, we've talked about Arc HPLC and Premier doing very well. So we feel really good about that 1% incremental over what would be any sort of market growth.
Patrick Donnelly: That's helpful. Appreciate that. And then maybe just a quick one on the industrial market [Indiscernible] a pretty good results there. It's has been a little more mixed across the sector, you could fuse talk about what you're seeing there and expectations going forward?
Udit Batra: I mean, across all end markets, right? I mean, you look at pharma and all you'd look at Industrial. Industrial, it's roughly 6% to 6.5% stack growth, right? Historically, that's been 4% to 5%. So we're [Indiscernible] even bigger acceleration, relatively speaking in Industrial versus you seeing [Indiscernible] pharma. And I must say, we're seeing extremely, extremely good performance out of the TA business.  So it's nice performance across the different customer segments, be it in advance materials, be it batteries, where we test studies for renewable batteries. And I don't need to tell you why that's important these days. Electronics that's going in the high teens, double-digits, the Life Science part of our TA business is also growing nicely. So in TA, we're seeing really, really good momentum, and again on a stack basis, even outpacing the overall business of the 8% or so growth.  So I think industrial, we feel that our customers have found a way to work despite the pandemic. Our service engineers and our sales teams have access to many of these customers, initially virtually, but in many regions, increasingly also, physically, our service engineers both across Waters and TA are actually more welcome at our customer side. And many of our -- many of their own employees. So industrial is -- has picked up nice, strengthened. It's true across all geographies. China is doing well. U.S., Europe, the rest of Asia also doing really quite well. That's the real area of strength, and we're lucky to have a business like TA that's pointed in that direction.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America.
Michael Ryskin: Thanks for taking my question. This is my question on for Derik. I want to follow up a little bit on the instrument performance you saw in the quarter. I was wondering if you could break out anything you saw different in terms of the LC versus mass SPAC. And it's generally sort of tying it back to the academic and government question. I'm wondering if that was more on the mass SPAC side of me, sort of how do you see some of those new product introductions playing out this quarter and going forward?
Udit Batra: Actually, overall -- and again, I talked more in terms of stack growth, the estimated growth for the year is roughly 30% and mass SPAC doing extremely well as even higher than 30% mass spect psyche Shiloh's 30%. So nothing that you will between the two sort of product platforms. But I think it makes more sense to talk about it on a stack basis. And historically, Waters have seen instrument growth between 3% and 4%. We've sort of steadily now year-to-date stack fuel is steadily on 5%.  So really nice momentum. And this is through both of course, as well as mass specs and nothing really can sort of differentiate the two. Now, you asked about mass spec in particular. In mass spec, the demand is driven by across all our portfolios for us, I mean, across users in IVAS mass spec across our Tandem-quads, which are both used -- with the single quarter used for intact masks and also our Tandem-quads that are used in development, as well as food and environmental.  And then of course, as I mentioned, the bioprocessing yields momentum and a lot of interest in the bioprocessing arena. So mass spec is going from strength to strength. Coming to the second part of your question on new products, as I pointed out on the -- in the prepared remarks right on -- just focusing on HPLC for a minute.  Arc HPLC, as well as the premier technology, which includes columns, as well as the application of this unique technology to our instruments as that to roughly $45 million in sales in 2021, we expect that to go up to $60 plus million, sort of $15 million or so incremental. That's in the anticipate on March SPAC. New applications from BioAccord, I already mentioned that in the prepared remarks.  And the MRT has a lot of interest from many of our customers, especially ones who want to use it in the proteomics space and for imaging with our DESI technology, which can be used under ambient conditions which is quite unique. Again, new products, what is that? How HQ, introducing game-changing new products. I think what we're doing differently is just making sure that there is a lot of collection once we launch these products. And they're not just [Indiscernible].
Michael Ryskin: Quick follow-up on the OpEx side of [Indiscernible] both came in a little better than we expected our model. I was just wondering if there's any onetime effect there. I know that probably played a role that as well being less of a tailwind. Just wondering if you could comment on any trends there. And the 12 million shipment that got the weight of 4Q in China, how should that flow through the model? Is that about a $0.05 to $0.10 benefit to 4Q EPS?
Amol Chaubal: Yeah. So on the two questions, the first one, there's no one-time activity in R&D or SG&A. So it's pretty straightforward. On the 12 million shipment that got delayed and I mean, you could assume it's largely instruments and modeling that instrument in gross margin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink, your line is open.
Puneet Souda: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. So first one is just I wanted to clarify. Obviously, it's instrumentation was strong last quarter. And if you pull in this $12 million order back into 3Q, that would be strong this quarter as well, since -- just wanted to understand if there is sort of application-wise, what is driving the instrumentation sale?  And maybe just if you could elaborate a little bit, if there was any in terms of QA/QC of vaccines, maybe the analysis of mRNA cap structure, there were some applications, notes published by Waters teams around that. So I just wanted to understand if you're working on QA/QC side of the proteins or mRNA Vaccines, or what does the applications that are driving the instrumentation growth that we've seen here over the last few quarters?
Udit Batra: Look, the instrument growth is driven by strong, robust end markets at our commercial execution. Again, it's our initiatives, the age replacement via your products and your question is, what is increased applications. And I would break it into two parts. One, we had indeed seen increased application of our technology in oligonucleotide mRNA. So claims to sign that somebody from the leading mRNA companies, Cambridge recently and they basically said, look, huge aggregation problems with plasmics with us, help them solve these problems by using Premier and to [Indiscernible] by using LC-MS to elucidate the [Indiscernible] of the molecules themselves.  So good application there. And a lot of them being in development, in discovery. And hopefully increasingly in QA/QC. Second area that I would comment on is the wider application of the BioAccord if you'll recall, product was initially launched, really focused on LC-MS, which we still – in QA/QC, we still believe that LC-MS has a strong place in QA/QC provided, the instrument that you have is simple, robust, and fast, and give you faster results.  But, that same value proposition is equally relevant in early stage development of complex Biologics. And we're seeing really good application there. We demonstrated with Sartorius that some experiments that take 6 weeks can now be turned around within two days. And this has been replicated in Sartorius ' labs, our labs and in several customer labs. As you can imagine, there's a ton of excitement on that front. And the BioAccord is rather unique here, the results are fast. It's a simple-to-use instrument, even somebody like me can use it.  And it provides you a wide range of results, not just on cell-culture media applications, where it is much wider than any sort of application used today, but also on the drug substance. So seeing wider application of our technologies, I'm really excited about where LC-MS is going -- especially the BioAccord with its simplicity and robustness, [Indiscernible] early stage development of [Indiscernible].
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research.
Josh Waldman: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Wondering if you could provide a breakout of growth in LC and MS separately, here in the quarter? I don't think you provided those numbers. I missed them if you did. And I guess broadly, it seems like the Waters instrument business was a bit lighter than expected. I mean, any additional color you can provide on maybe what drove this would be helpful was it largely timing-related or is it more reflection of possibly a normalization in orders?
Udit Batra: The second question, on a year-to-date instrument growth is roughly 30%, quite good about that -- I don't know [Indiscernible] In Q3, we saw nice growth, double-digit again on instruments with [Indiscernible] comps in Q3 for last year already. So double-digit growth across the 2 pieces of -- 2 lines of instruments as we [Indiscernible]. As I mentioned earlier, on a year-to-date basis and the quarter is the same, LC grew an excess of 30% mass spec in the mid 20s.  So really nothing to choose between the 2 instrument backlogs, makes less sense to look at it quarter-by-quarter, given the instrument trajectory. But again, nothing to choose between the two field, that both LC and Mass Spec have significant momentum in Q3 and year-to-date. So, and also going into Q4, we're really feeling very good about where we are.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Catherine Schulte with Baird. Your line is open.
Catherine Schulte: Hey, guys, thanks for the questions. I guess just first on the instrument side of the business, revenue was down about 8% constant currency last year. Do you think you've largely recaptured that revenue at this point, or is there still some of the makeup, or do you think there's some that is just revenue that won't be recaptured. Will just be curious how you would allocate across those three buckets.
Udit Batra: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. I think on the instrument side, we really feel that we're on a very, very good track. I mean, if you just look at historical averages, right, I mean, 2020 can confound they've given all the multiple impact on a stack basis. So mostly nicely in excess of 5%, close to 6% in some cases, for our instrument business, and historically that average for Waters and across the industries between 4%.  So really nicely year of the historical averages. And in terms of how much have they floored back, when you think that -- just looking at three sort of data points, one, comparing our stacks growth rates, move instrument and consumables with the rest of the industry where they were comparable products, we feel very good that we are operating well in -- well ahead of the market, that's market plus performance on -- that's the first data point that makes us fee that we're clawing back rather nicely.  Second, we have the loss ratio that we measure internally. Those have been tracking ahead of historical averages for the last 4 quarters. And finally, there are public reports that are available which are either lot of idiosyncratic because they change the definitions [Indiscernible] also are doing pretty well as on our market share.  So we [Indiscernible] very good about how we're reversing rates [Indiscernible] our footage?. And we are a work in progress, there's a lot more to do, a lot more opportunity as well. A lot of applications for our instruments, a lot of -- lot more penetration to be [Indiscernible] but we're really good so far, better that we had.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the questions session of today's call.
Udit Batra: Thank you very much for your participation and questions and on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our fourth quarter 2021 call, which is going to be on February 1st, 2021. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. This does conclude today's call. You may disconnect your lines and thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation's Second Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question and answer session of the conference call. This call is also being recorded. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Caspar Tudor, Manager of Investor Relationships. Please go ahead, sir.
Caspar Tudor: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results of the Company and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the third quarter and full year 2021. We caution you that any and all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the risk factors included in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors and in our most recent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2021 in Part 1A under the caption Risk Factors. Both of which are on file with the SEC as well as the cautionary language included in this morning's press release including with respect to risks related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We further caution you that the Company does not intend to update any of its predictions or projections except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcast or otherwise required by law. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for November 2, 2021. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and in the appendix of our presentation, which are available on the Company's website. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release and in the appendix of our presentation. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly earnings, results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal year 2020. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Dr. Udit Batra, Waters' President and CEO. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning everyone. Along with Caspar joining me on this morning's call is Amol Chaubal, Waters' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Lynch, Waters' Vice President and Corporate Treasurer. This is Amol's first conference call as Waters' CFO. Welcome, Amol.
Amol Chaubal: Thanks, Udit.
Udit Batra: I would like to start the call on Slide 3 by paying our respects to the founder of our company, Jim Waters, who passed away on May 17. Jim was a brilliant and spirited scientist and a pioneer in liquid chromatography. I met Jim the first time in 2019, when he came to talk to me about the merits of a technology we had acquired in a previous company. We spent hours in front of a whiteboard debating how to manage innovation and in particular how the application of certain technology could deliver benefit. Jim continued reaching out to me, not just on technology, but also on our mutual love for science education and then more recently on Waters. Jim's legacy will live on with each and every one of our innovations as we continue to strive to deliver benefits. Our teams around the globe have continued to manage admittedly through the pandemic, which is still very much with us. Most of all, we've kept the working environment safer employees and have remained flexible and resourceful as we continue to support our customers. I remain grateful for the ongoing resilience, commitment and dedication that our team has shown. Moving on to Slide 4, during today's call, I will provide a brief overview of our second quarter operating results as well as some commentary on our end markets, geographies and technologies. I will also update you on the progress of our transformation plan. We continue to be focused on three primary objectives: number one, regaining our commercial momentum, number two, further strengthening our organization, and number three, building on a core – on a strong core to access even higher growth areas. Amol will then review our financial results in detail and provide comments on our updated third quarter and full year financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. As outlined on Slide 5, in the second quarter, our revenue grew 31% as reported and 27% on a constant currency basis reflecting continued strength in our pharma and industrial end markets with strong demand for both our instrument systems and recurring revenue products across our major geographies. Sales for this quarter represent a 6% compounded average yearly growth versus our 2019 results on a constant currency basis. This translates to a 7% stacked CAGR versus 2019 for the first half of the year, again on a constant currency basis. Our strong top-line growth resulted in a year on – year-over-year Q2 non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share growth of 24% to $2.60 per share. Our top and bottom line performance translated into solid free cash flow performance and allowed us to strengthen our balance sheet. Looking more closely at our top-line results in the quarter on Slide 6, first by operating segment, our Waters' division grew 27% while TA grew by 32% on a constant currency basis. By end market, our largest market category pharma grew 31% in constant currency, industrial grew 28% and academia and government grew 7%. A continued strength in sales to pharma customers was broad-based across customer segments, geographies and applications. Late stage drug development activity drove sales of our tandem quad MS instrument systems such as the Xevo TQ-XS and TQ-S micro, small molecule applications in manufacturing QA and QC grew across Asia, Europe and North America and was particularly strong in India. Industrial end market growth was also broad-based across geographies and applications, continuing its recovery so far this year. Food testing and environmental demand grew nicely in the quarter as did our thermal and geometry portfolios. Turning into academic and government, which is less than 10% of our business. Growth in the U.S. and Europe was partially offset by lumpiness in China. Year-to-date, our primary geographies have all returned to growth versus last year. Moving now to our sales performance by geography on a constant currency basis. Sales in Asia grew 28% with China up almost 40% and India up almost 60%, sales in the Americas grew 28% with the U.S. growing 26% and sales in Europe grew 25%. In the U.S. all end markets had strong year-over-year performance led by pharma and industrial. Academic and governments saw a return to growth for the quarter as the market continues to recover. Europe's growth was also broad-based across end markets and sub-regions. Overall, pharma drove growth with strong demand with small molecule and large molecule applications. Industrial and academic and government markets continued their recovery with both having strong quarters and strong starts to the first half of the year. China sales were up sharply in our pharma business, and we had solid growth in our industrial and applied end market there as well. We're encouraged by our continued strength in the contract labs business due to strong execution of our growth initiatives. In India, sales for the quarter were again very strong even as the country continued to feel the effects from the pandemic. We're really grateful for the hard work and dedication of our colleagues, who persevered through these challenging and tragic conditions. Trends in Q2 and year-to-date for our LC instrument portfolio is a positive indicator for sustainable growth in consumables and service plans. In the second quarter, LC instruments grew across all major geographies at more than 40% growth driven by our instrument replacement initiative and new products, especially Arc HPLC and a strong uptake of our PREMIER instruments both Arc and ACQUITY lines. This week, I spent time with customers at our Immerse innovation lab in Cambridge, discussing the separation and purification of mRNA and oligonucleotide molecules. While mRNA vaccines have developed at a record pace, we are far from solving key issues such as aggregation and selective binding of plasmids and mRNA molecules to various surfaces, something that our PREMIER technology addresses really well. Further strengthening our UPLC portfolio, the Arc system was launched earlier this year for customers, who need ultimate sensitivity. The Arc PREMIER delivers fivefold improvement in detector sensitivity and tenfold improvement in asset to asset precision helping labs accelerate time to market. Mass spec sales grew in excess of 30% driven by demand from pharma research and development and food and environmental applications. This included high-resolution systems used for research applications such as the Xevo QTof, tandem quad led by our Xevo TQ-XS and TQ-S Microsystems and our SQD and QDa single quad detectors utilized in high-performance LCMs applications. We introduced the Waters' SELECT SERIES MRT, a high resolution mass spectrometer that combines Multi Reflecting Time-of-Flight, MRT technology with both enhanced DESI and new MALDI imaging sources. The MRT provides scientists with a unique combination of speed, resolution and mass accuracy, especially relevant for applications in proteomics. We have been in conversations with customers to see how we can collaborate using MRT to analyze libraries of samples to create a database of proteins and metabolites to further understand the impact of therapeutics on a variety of issues. Sales of precision chemistry columns, sample prep kits and reagents grew 28% driven by increased utilization by our pharma customers and improved industrial demand. Demand for our premier columns continues to be strong. The low double-digit two years stack growth of chemistry columns revenue in Q2 when compared to our 2019 base underscores the rebound and customer activity, the strong position of our portfolio and building momentum of our e-commerce initiative. Service also showed strong double-digit growth. Our service engineers continue to have good and improved access to our customer sites and I'm grateful for the way they have served customers while continuing to navigate the challenges of the pandemic. Finally, with respect to TA demand continues to rebound and was balanced across all major geographies and product lines with particular strength in the U.S. and Europe. Let me now give you some highlights on our progress with implementation of our transformation plan on Slide 7. Starting that our first priorities are gaining our commercial momentum. We continue to see progress in our instrument replacement initiative, a released Arc HPLC has played an important role in the LC replacement initiative. It's improved mechanical specs and ability to seamlessly transfer methods from alliance HPLC or other HPLC platforms have been very well received by our customers. We're already crossing the mid-single digit stack growth versus 2019 on a year-to-date basis in LC. With our CRO and CDMO customers, our ability to develop and provide method transfer support continues to be a strong driver of growth. This segment grew 60% on a year-to-date basis versus the comparable period in 2019. Early trends that we saw in China has now been replicated in Europe, as well as in the U.S. Our e-commerce and recurring revenue attachment initiatives are also starting to boost the momentum of drug in our year-to-date two years stacked CAGR for chemistry and service revenue. Moving on to our second priority on Slide 8. We have strengthened our organization with the addition of wage to our Board of Directors. They currently serve as President of their pharmaceuticals for China and APAC. As results driven experience will further – they further expand the perspective of the Board that directly aligns with what are the strategy to accelerate growth and innovation. I'm also pleased to welcome Dr. Daniel Rush to Water as Senior Vice President of Strategy and Transformation. Dan joins us from Bristol-Myers, where he was VP of Worldwide Commercialization Strategy and Innovation. Dan joined several of our technically trained executive committee members that experience in orchestrating transformations in M&A, in relevant to customer segments like pharma and diagnostics. This things need to our third priority of building our core to drive durable growth. As you will see on Slide 9, Waters' already has a strong foundation in large and going at markets with a leading position of science and innovation and a roughly $65 billion market. A high exposure – high exposure to end markets that go around mix single digits that has deep rooted presence in regulated end markets like QA-QC. A large installed base of instruments with over 50% recurring revenues, a diversified geographic race with over 40% – almost 40% sales in Asia and industry leading margins are the strong financial flexibility. So you'll agree with me that this is a solid base to build off? Now I'm on Slide 10. To build a team of leaders who have a strong track record of execution, both Jon Pratt and Jianqing Bennett, Heads of the Waters division, and the TA division respectively are highly experienced commercial leaders and are now very focused on building capabilities to sustain our commercial momentum. What gives me most pleasure is that we have started to hit our stride with new product introductions across the portfolio. And these are contributing to our sales momentum, already. Leadership that is focused on execution and innovation is preparing us well to further build our portfolio to access even faster, growing adjacencies. They are exploring and nurturing opportunities, both organic and inorganic to increase our exposure to biologics, be it bio-processing reagents are novel modalities. They are actively shaping the promise of LCMs and diagnostics and proteomics discovery applications and advancing lab connectivity applications to our informatics portfolio. High growth areas such as sustainable polymers and renewable energy are a focus of the TA division. In summary, we've had a strong start to the year with a broad base – with broad based contributions from our end markets, product portfolio and geographies to our revenue growth. In addition to the impressive growth versus our 2020 base of comparison, our business dynamics and customer demand look healthy on a two-year runway basis. Markets we serve are in a healthy state and our geographic regions are re-bonding solidly from pandemic lows. We remain focused on the continued progress and success of our short-term initiatives in that tactically strengthening our core business. We're confident in the opportunities ahead to bring LCMS products, separations expertise, and compliant data management experience into high-growth biopharma and diagnostic applications. I look forward to continuing to share more with you as we progress on these various fronts. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Amol for a deeper review of the second quarter financials and our outlook for the remainder of 2021. Amol?
Amol Chaubal: Thank you, Udit, and good morning, everyone. As Udit outline, we recorded next sales of $682 million in the second quarter, an increase of 27% in constant currency. Currency translation increased sales growth by approximately 4%, resulting in reported sales growth of 31%. Looking at the product line growth, our recurring revenue which represents combination of chemistry and service revenue increased by 18% for the quarter, while instrument sales increased 40%. Chemistry revenues went up 28%, and servicing revenues were up 13%. As we noted in our last earnings call, recurring revenues were not impacted by a difference in calendar days this quarter. Looking ahead, there is no year-over-year difference in the number of days for the third quarter either. However, please note there are six fewer days in the fourth quarter of this year, compared to 2020. Now, I would like to comment on our second quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Before I do so, a reminder that in the second quarter of 2020 we took decisive actions to manage our costs as part of our near-term cost savings plan in light of the pandemic, while our COVID cost savings plan was successful, totaling approximately $100 million for 2020; it does have some implications in not year-over-year comparisons as we normalize from an abnormally low expense base. Gross margin for the quarter was 58.9%, down 10 basis points compared to the second quarter of 2020 driven by 80 basis points foreign exchange headwinds. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, gross margin improved by 70 basis points, despite higher instrument mix and COVID cost actions in 2020. This improvement was driven by volume leverage and productivity gains. Moving down to P&L, operating expenses increased by approximately 39% on a constant currency basis, and 42% on a reported basis. The increase was primarily attributable to higher labor costs and variable compensation, the majority of which relates to normalization of the prior year cost actions. In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was 14.8%, a decrease from last year as the comparable period including some unfavorable discrete items. Our average share count came in at 60.2 million shares, approximately flat versus a second quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the second quarter increased 24% to $2.60 in comparison to $2.10 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted shares increased to $2.69 come back to $1.98 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning and in the appendix of this presentation. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and exclude's special items. In the second quarter of 2021 free cash flow declined 12% year-over-year to $155 million after funding $37 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from the free cash flow was $14 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operation, a $38 million tax reform payment, and 3 million litigation's settlement receipt. In the second quarter this resulted in $0.23 of each $1 of sales converted into free cash flow. Year-to-date free cash flow has increased 17%, to $348 million. In the second quarter accounts receivable DSO came in at 73 days, down 14 days compared to the second quarter of last year. Inventories increased slightly by 5 million in comparison to the prior year. We maintain a strong balance sheet access to liquidity and well-structured debt maturity profile. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, repurchased approximately 535,000 shares of our common stock for $168 million in the second quarter. At the end of second quarter, our net debt position was $940 million and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1. Our capital deployment priorities remain consistent, invest for growth, maintain balance sheet strength and flexibility, and return capital to shareholders. We remain committed to deploying capital against these priorities. In addition, we will evaluate deploying capital to well taught out attractive and adjacent growth opportunities. As we look forward to the remainder of the year, I would like to provide you some update on our parts for 2021 on Slide 11. In the first half of the year, we saw good momentum in our market segments, driven by robust demand and strong commercial execution. We believe that this momentum will continue in the second half of the year, but the comparisons are more challenging. Fourth quarter of 2020 was the first quarter in our transformation journey and was further favorably impacted by higher year end budget plus spending. In addition, we have six fewer calendar days in the fourth quarter of this year. We are also keeping a watchful eye on the potential impact of newer COVID variance and the likely disruption they may cause to both supply and demand. We expect our near-term growth initiatives and commercial momentum to contribute meaningfully to our performance. These dynamics support updated full-year 2021 guidance of 13% to 15% constant currency sales growth. At current rates the positive currency translation is expected to add approximately 1 to 2 percentage points resulting in a full-year reported sales growth guidance of 14% to 17%. Gross margin for the full year is expected to be approximately 58% and operating margin is expected to be approximately 29%. We expect our full year net interest expense to be $37 million and full year tax rate to be 15%. Average diluted 2021 share count is expected to be approximately 62 million. Throughout the year we'll evaluate our share repurchase program and provide quarterly updates as appropriate. Rolling all of these together and on a non-GAAP basis full-year 2021 earnings per fully diluted share are now projected in the range $10.50 to $10.70. This includes a positive currency impact of approximately 3 percentage points at today's rates and assumes no adverse demand or supply impact from COVID. Looking at the third quarter of 2021 we expect constant currency sales growth to be 7% to 9%. At today's rates currency translation is expected to add approximately 1 percentage point resulting in third-quarter reporting sales growth guidance of 8% to 10%. Third quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range $2.25 to $2.35. This includes a positive currency impact of approximately 3 percentage point at today's rates and also assumes no worst demand or supplying back from COVID. Now, I would like to turn it back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. In summary, there is much to be pleased about the first half of the year driven by strong growth across our major end markets. Thanks to solid execution and double-digit growth in instrument sales we saw broad-based revenue growth across every region. Our transformation plan continues to progress the commercial momentum and strong leadership team in place. We now turn towards deploying our strategy in large and growing end markets. We operate through accelerating innovation to our portfolio as well as progressively aligning our portfolio with higher growth areas in adjacent markets. With that, we will now begin the Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan and your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hi, good morning. Nice quarter. Udit, I want to start with the replacement cycle. I know you talked about the Arc HPLC driving replacements on that side. I'm just wondering if you could share your latest thinking on how you're sizing that opportunity. I know last quarter you opened it up to competitive instruments. So if you could talk about the LC and MS side in terms of where we are in that replacement cycle and latest thinking on the size of that opportunity. That would be great.
Udit Batra: So, thank you, Tycho, for the question. Look the LC placement cycle, last time I said we are in the third innings using a baseball analogy. I would say we're now in the seventh inning or so in terms of having tracked down all customers that are relevant for replacement, especially our own and to some extent our competitors. I would say we have reached out to almost 80% of our own customers and 20% to 30% of the competitive replacements, both across LC as well as mass spec. And we've recently, as I told you, added that UPLC segment to it as well. So really we start with the customers really solid, solid feedback, and especially with the introduction of Arc HPLC last year and now the promise of the Arc PREMIER, as well as the ACQUITY premier columns, which are really relevant for high-end separations. We're having very good luck with and very good performance with our LC replacement initiative. So from an overall contribution perspective, I would say we should think about it in terms of the stacked growth. So if you just look at our first half of the year, our organic constant currency stacked growth versus 2019 is roughly 7%. And if you compare it to our peer group over the same period on a stacked basis, and we've seen numbers anywhere ranging from about 2.5% to 3% to closer to 5-ish percent. So that if you take a weighted average gives you a lead of let's say 2% to 3% versus the roughly defined market. And I would say part of it is explained by our initiatives and part of it is explained – there's 2% to 3% lead versus the market, part of it is explained by outperformance of our initiatives and the LC replacement initiative being a strong contributor to it and part of it is replaced by really a strong uptake of our new products. I hope that gives you a bit of color and some quantification, and the best way to compare it is to just look at the stacked growth versus the overall market. And we are now trending, I think, probably second or third quarter in a row of our market plus organic performance.
Tycho Peterson: Yes, that's very helpful. And then second question on that with the guidance increase, I am just wondering across kind of the three key end markets, pharma, industrial and academic, how you're thinking about transaction in the quarter sustainability as a moment you are seeing into the back of the year. Can you just provide some updated thoughts across each of those three groups?
Udit Batra: Sure. So again, just first the facts, Tycho. For the second half of the year, stack growth would lead us to between slightly – north of 5% to slightly north of 6%, right. So that's, I mean, a year ago who would have thought that we would be here already. So, I mean, we're very happy with the ability to provide such a guidance. Across the three end markets, pharma goes from strength to strength and our strong presence in pharma benefits us as you can see disproportionately, so we expect that to continue. And on industrial, as you know, it can be quite a lumpy market, but if you again look at the fact growth of industrial, we are slightly higher than our overall average, which is closer to 5%, so we're closer to 6% on a stock basis for industrial growth on a year-to-date basis. So that again bodes well, I mean, again if you look at it over a longer period of time, it bodes well for what we're seeing on the industrial side, barring any sort of cyclicality due to the pandemic reemerging strongly. We think that trend should continue for the balance of the year. And then finally, academic and government, which is our smallest segment has backed quite an important one to place, especially our mass spec instruments, for the first half of the year was roughly on a stack base was roughly around 17% growth versus last year. And we expect that trend to start emerging even more strongly in the second half of the year. So we feel reasonably good across all three markets. I mean in the simplest way despite the pandemic, most of our customers and our teams have figured out how to work through the difficulties. I mean that's – there's not 100% access everywhere, but I feel they figured out a way to work through the ups and downs of the pandemic. I hope that gives you some color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Kumar with Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hi, guys. Congrats on a good print this morning and thanks for taking my question. Udit and Amol maybe one on the Q in this guidance. If you at instruments, Udit, 40% growth. That is an impressive number and no doubt. But sequentially, we're just at 45% in Q1 perhaps a slight decal and I look at the segments, maybe academia a little bit soft. So I'm curious on the trends driving your instrument performance in the Q and what's implied in the back half? And Amol, on the back half, you mentioned six fewer selling days for Q4, can you quantify what the impact is?
Udit Batra: Well, let me start with the instrument piece and then I'll pass over to Amol for the second part of the question. Under instrument piece, Vijay, I mean, we are really, really pleased with what we're seeing from – for three reasons. Number one, our initiatives are working extremely well, I mean, having a 40% to 45% growth versus last year, and then more impressively trending above our long-term average and we're already at mid single digits on instrument growth on a stack basis bodes very well. Second, it's equally important as you look at the recurring revenues and the impact on the recurring revenues, and you start to see some of that impact on the recurring revenues for the first half of the year already, the more – the larger the instrument placement, the larger the recurring revenues. And then finally, the third piece is around innovation. I mean our innovation across and this is probably the most enduring aspect of the transformation now. Our innovation is starting to hit its strides across the portfolio, right? You've talked – you asked about the instruments, so let me focus on that. We introduced Arc HPLC last year and I've talked several times about its benefit in China and the rest of the world for the workhorse – HPLC segment, we launched the Arc and the ACQUITY PREMIERE, which are also doing extremely well. In fact, ironically, the launch of ACQUITY PREMIERE has led to even increased demand for I-Class and H-Class – H-Class portfolio, which is meant for separating biologics and looking at high-end separations. So the portfolio across LC is really, really revitalized. And then on the mass spec side, having introduced new platforms for the tandem quads in 2019, the latest is the MRT, the multi-reflecting Tof and we have a lot of interest from our customers on that front. It's early days on where the sales will land on that. As you know, these are big ticket items, and they're also dependent upon capital outlays, but I feel very good about where we stand with our instrument initiative, the instrument replacement initiative, but even more importantly, how innovation is helping us to stay in that placement. Going forward, I mean, Jon Pratt and [indiscernible] thing will integrate this instrument replacement approach into our commercial execution. So this would not be new starting – starting late this year or early next year. So very happy with where we are. Amol, on the guide?
Amol Chaubal: Yes, sure. And, Vijay, to follow on your question on six fewer days in Q4, I mean, that impacts our recurring revenue particularly service because service is accrued on a day-by-day basis for the annual contracts, as well as it impacts our chemistry revenue because of lesser utilization days in the quarter. And so at this point with six days it has roughly 3 percentage point impact in the sales realized in the quarter from six less days.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Amol. And, Udit, one follow-up. There's been some chatter about Alzheimer's is being a new opportunity for the entire life science tool space, but particularly for you guys in LT, historically, it hasn't been an instrument that's known for biologic area. Is there something different about this opportunity on the Alzheimer's side? That makes it different. Is this a meaningful opportunity for you guys? Thank you.
Udit Batra: So, Vijay, we're very happy that there are additional therapies, so Alzheimer's coming out to the market and that was great news for patients. Look, it's very early to quantify and start thinking about exactly the impact of this therapy on our business. And it's suffice it to say we are well specked in most of the compounds that are in the late stages, especially in the QA-QC domain of large and small molecules. So, that's where I'll – that's as much as I will comment on it. I think it's too early to comment on the specifics and the quantification of such an opportunity.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hi, good morning guys. Thank you for taking my questions. So, clearly, The Street is giving Waters a lot of credit for the solid progress made over the past few quarters under your leadership, Udit, and I know you wouldn't take full credit. It's you and the team by one way or the other. You're doing a great job and the stock reflects that. That said, it's still hard from the outside to tell how much of this is favorable multi-year comparisons versus better execution keeping in mind that the company really struggled for a few years relative to peers heading into the pandemic. It's obviously a bit of both and you tried to help to cut through this by providing stacked growth figures relative to 2019. But again, even that's noisy given how the company was performing heading into the pandemic? So cutting through all of that, what arguably matters most is how we should think about the future outlook for Waters' growth at the top line? Your stacked analysis that you talked about in your prepared remarks pointed to 6% to 7% growth at the top-line. As we sit here today, based on the progress you've made and just cutting through the comps, are you comfortable asserting that Waters has built to compound revenue growth annually at 6% to 7% moving forward?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Doug. I can't help, but laugh about the overall question, not that I'm making fun of the question, I just – it's a long – it's a serious progress in a year. But to answer your question legitimately, I would say it has to – if you look at the long-term growth, I won't give you a number. I think it's very difficult to do it. What you can safely assume is our ambition is to remain a top-tier performer, especially when you look at the organic growth, right. So we've now for the last two or three quarters on a stacked basis have been market plus and our margins remain at the high-end of the industry. So that's our ambitions, right. So, I mean, that's what I'll tell you. Is it 4%, 5%, 6%? I don't know, but if it's 4%, we have the ambition to be higher than 4%, if it's 5%, it's higher, and you can go on from there. But there are two drivers that make me confident, actually three drivers that make me confident that we can be at the higher-end of the market. Number one, we've put a very solid team together with experienced leaders, who have shown in the past that they can execute very well above market – on the above market growth and they have experience in of course conducting transformations and integrations. So I feel very good about the team we've put together. Second, we're starting to develop a rhythm in our execution and you end up seeing the results, but we see a lot of leading indicators. And I've tried to give you some color around the different initiatives. And these are initiatives should – that should help us in longer-term. The LC replacement initiative has changed the way we work at Waters or probably brought us back to where Waters started long time ago, and looking at each and every replacement initiative and diligently going after through our CRM channel. That's a long-term improvement and execution. E-commerce, last year, at the same time we were less – less than 20% of our consumables went through the e-commerce channel. Today that number is in excess of 25%, that's in less than a year. And there is a long runway ahead of us in seeing the benefit of that execution. We've started to tap into newer customer segments. And again, I mean, I was pretty open about how underweighted we were in the CRO, CDMO, food testing segments in China. And there we've just started to hit the side. And you can see on a two year stack basis that's 60% growth, on a one year stacked basis that's a 40% growth in the same channel. And we are seeing our value proposition resonate very well with our customers. Our sales teams are super excited about what we're hearing from our customers. So these – the execution platforms that we've built, and I've just gone through three of these are going to help us for many, many years to come. And the last piece is innovation, which is most endearing to me. I mean, we have really been very precise about identifying unmet needs, and this is something definitely I don't take credit for. This has been going on at Waters for a long period of time. It was just starting to rekindle it and focusing us on the right problems to solve. We've seen already the impact of the recent launches in LC, the MRC is strengthening our high-res mass spec portfolio, the PREMIERE launch for the PREMIER – the PREMIER technology for columns as – could not have come at a better timing given the need for continued separation of more complex modalities, which have a higher affinity to metal. So I feel very good that there is a team in place that has a strong execution track record both organic and inorganic execution and the pipeline is starting to hit its stride. And I think that gives me confidence that wherever the market is, we can have the ambition to be a market class. Okay, I hope that gives you color.
Doug Schenkel: Yes, that's helpful. And maybe just as a follow-up kind of along the same lines, recognizing higher instrument mix and the impact that has margin some of your comments on FX having a negative impact on margin in the quarter. I think the incremental margin was only 21%, 22%. And I think guidance for the year implies a high 20s incremental margin on really strong top-line growth. I think two of the big questions as it relates to Waters are the longer-term growth outlook at the top-line, which is why I asked the first question. The other question continues to be where margins can go from here. Recognizing mix, recognizing FX, recognizing you're investing in long-term initiatives over time, do you think the incrementals can get into the 30s over the next few years?
Udit Batra: Thanks. Thanks again, Doug. I'll let Amol comment on how we're thinking about margin progression in a second. But I mean you should also look at the impact of additional instrument placement on the recurring revenues. And then when I talk about innovation and sustainability, the recurring revenues on a two year stack basis are double digits, right? Especially – our two year stack basis – sorry, chemistry is double digits and recurring revenues are high single digits on a two year stack basis, on a one year stack basis it's a double digit performance. So instrument placement helps with consumables placement, which are, of course, higher margin part of the business. I'll let Amol comment on your – on the breakdown of the margin.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Now, let me look from a longer-term outlook point of view from our margin profile, as you know, we have one of the best margins within the industry. We have a very disciplined sort of margin management profile within the company. And then as you step back, there are so many opportunities in terms of margins, right. One, as Udit mentioned, there is a huge opportunity in increasing our recurring revenue attachment rates and recurring revenue is a higher margin product or between chemistry and service, and that helps expand margin. As you look into operations, I mean, there's a huge effort underway on operational excellence and our procurement programs, which are starting to deliver and that would help our margin profile. We have a similar program underway on our service productivity initiatives, and that will expand margin and then there is the whole area around capability centers, and we haven't really invested in capability centers so far, and that will bring margin expansion. Now at the same time, as Udit outlined we continue to explore and nurture really fantastic adjacent growth opportunities, and those opportunities will need some investment. So the general plan is to use this margin expansion in some way to fund some of these investment opportunities and yet to deliver part of a steady margin profile. And as these programs deliver growth, you will see margin expansion show up over time.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Derik De Bruin, Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin: Hello, good morning.
Udit Batra: Good morning.
Derik De Bruin: So a couple of questions. So the constant currency number in 2Q, it didn't include any acquisitions, I don't think. And I guess, can we talk a little bit about capital deployment and sort of like how you're thinking about balancing share buy backs with M&A opportunities. And it also, I know you're talking about investing in certain new initiatives and diagnostics in so many other areas, because as you put a little bit more clarity on where you sort of see some of the more likely near term opportunities for bolt-ons?
Udit Batra: Yes. So thanks Derik. I think off the bat, I mean, of course we can't be specific on where the immediate M&A opportunity or the midterm M&A opportunity is for obvious reasons. But from a capital deployment perspective, I mean, we remain flexible, right? I think that's been our – that's been our approach and disciplined, right? So this is basically something that you've heard us say many, many times. Now, in terms of the specific – in terms of the specific areas where we're interested, of course, given our very strong core, I mean we want to continue to invest in our core. If there are better technologies to perform separations that are dedicated to novel modalities to biologics, I mean we are very well placed to nurture those and capture those. And that's an area that we're looking at cheaply. We're looking at augmenting our instruments with automation. We continue to chase that space rather carefully. If I move to informatics, Empower is the leader in chromatography data that we also have the concept of creating a connected lab. And there too, we look for partnerships and expanding our portfolio, that's in the core. If you look outside the core, really where we see our technology is growing and some of the attractive data that we see our technology is going of course one of them is bioprocessing where we think step decoupling the process from the product is an imperative, and we believe technologies such as LCMS and technologies such as BioAccord in particular can help us help us achieve that objective. And we're seeing very good traction on that front, especially as we seed instruments earlier and earlier with our customers. So I feel very good about that. And then secondly, in and I've talked about LCMs in particular, and I'll let Amol comment on this as he gives you this view on capital deployment as well. On LCMs in particular we feel it's a technology that belongs in diagnostics and enhancing our ability to examine proteins in addition to – in addition to being genomics into that segment. So I feel very good about what we are doing on the LSMs front its early days, but we've done some pilots. We think we can do a fair bit organically, but we also might require partnerships. So that hopefully gives you a flavor of the areas we're thinking off. Amol, did you want to comment a bit on how we are thinking about.
Amol Chaubal: I think you've covered it well, and Derik as we outlined in our prepared remarks, right, our priority with the clear product there is growth and the team work there is well thoughtout as we look at, I guess in growth opportunities, and that's how we will look at capital deployment, right? We will pursue growth, remain flexible, but be well thought out in what we choose.
Derik De Bruin: Okay. One follow-up if I may; what was the percentage of new products – percentage of revenues from new products? I mean, do you have a vitality index and was there any COVID either you would call out COVID related sales in prior quarters, and just curious, do you have an update on that? Thanks.
Amol Chaubal: Sure. So we do track our product vitality index and we look at it as products on the instrument side launched in the last three years and products on the chemistry side launched in the last five years. On our product quality index was close to 12% in the second quarter. We had very little, over to be nothing in terms of COVID impact on our Q2 revenue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your lines are open.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks for taking my questions guys. Maybe one on China, the performance there, obviously 1Q, I think you had up over 100% growth and then the very easy comp. This is around 40% this quarter, obviously still very strong. Can you just talk about what you saw there sequentially, I mean, was 1Q kind of a bit of a catch-up on the span and this quarter a little more normalized, it seems to be we are going out what's going on in space, but we'd love your take on China here?
Udit Batra: Yes. Thanks, Patrick for the question. I'm super excited about what's happening in China. We have a new leader for the last few months, and she's been making a tremendous changes that I've lead to acceleration. In the first quarter you'll remember that, that the pandemic hit China first. So the first quarter also actually weaker than the second quarter in China until you'll see a bit of a comp effect, but fundamentally all the initiatives that we've launched at global level are on China speed in China, right? So let me explain. From a factual perspective, right, so the second quarter growth was roughly 40% versus the previous year driving that instruments, the Arc HPLC was the design for the China market, and it's done very well, especially given its better performance in any of the – any of the other instruments available in the market. Second, from a consumables perspective we've seen really good progress on in China, in – mostly in the – even in excess of the instrument growth in some cases. And then finally on the CRO, CDMO and CTO sort of initiative; remember we talked about the food market in the past and we've said we were underweight in the food market. In China we've seen very good growth there; almost doubling of the business versus the same period last year. And then sort of CRO and the CDMO piece are -- the growth that I've mentioned was a global growth meaning 60% on a full year – on a two year stack basis. This in China is – this turnaround of growth for CRO, CDMO segment started in China. So feel very good about what's happening in China. And we'll just, I would say we've just begun on looking at newer segments, like the contract testing segments, both in food and pharma. We've started to work really efficiently and effectively on our presence and placement of instruments. And I feel very good about what we're going to do on the consumer growth side as well. So I hope that gives you a bit of color on what we see in China.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink. Your line is open.
Puneet Souda: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. And Amol, welcome to the world of LCs and mass specs from amino acids. Really great to have you on board here. So first one is a bit, it is really around the instrument replacement cycle. My main question there is you pointed to arc replacement being in the seventh inning, correct me if I'm wrong about 8,000 instruments or so. So my question is absolutely first of all, it's great to see the replacements cycle, but in terms of when we think about next year, this does create tougher compares for 2022. You are replacing your own legacy LT Alliance here. So I'm just trying to understand what are some other initiatives that you have ongoing, including acuity replacement, tandem triple quads, replacements that you've talked about before. So just should we think about this level of growth continuing into next year with further replacement cycles? Because obviously, mass spec at Tandem Quads and liquidities are – there's a, maybe a smaller install base there than the Arc one. So if you could clarify that for next year, that'd be great? Thank you
Udit Batra: Just to first quantify a little bit, right, so we said there are about 8,000 or so alliance instruments that that required a placement at our own 4,000-ish which is half the number for UPLC Acuity, and about 1,000 Tandem Quads, right? So varying degrees of progress on all of those, they should continue for a little bit of time, while we work through our own portfolio and then turn our attention to the competitive portfolio as well. Which especially on the LC side, whatever is plugged into Empower with gold, our reps that any time there's a replacement there, we want to be – we want to be in competition, especially if it's a competitive instrument. So your question is more around what challenges it creates for the future. First, let me start with the opportunity; the opportunity is that as you have more instruments base, you start to see a better recording revenue. I think that is the first and the most important piece. The second is on the placement cycle. This will become modus operandi as soon as we brought to our own installed base, and as we moved to our competitors installed base are playbook, which has been honed over the last six months or so is now becoming standard operating procedure for our reps around the globe. So it will be – of course, I mean from a mathematical perspective the growth on the instrument side has been terrific. I mean, we think it's a benefit for our recurring revenues both service and consumables. But it's becoming our modus operandi as we go forward. So Waters will no longer be letting instruments and perhaps even competitors go off our install base.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Josh Waldman: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Previously you've talked about benefiting from customers investing in all go capabilities. I wondered if you could talk through the opportunity you see here, and I guess what is your, I guess current level of conviction that investments continue to serve as a growth catalyst for waters in the 2022 and beyond. And is it maybe just a one-time bolus that hits here in 2021?
Udit Batra: Yes. I think Josh, it's a very good question. And last week I was at our Immerse site, Immerse Innovation site in Cambridge Mass, and had an opportunity to talk to several customers, especially ones who are now working in the mRNA space and the SiRNA space. And I would say universally, we're far from having solved the challenges for separating oligonucleotides and mRNA molecules, right. And if you just think of the progression there, number one, large number of large – very large number of compounds in the pipeline that are now leveraging the mRNA technology. And you must've seen some recent acquisitions in this space as well. But if you break the problem down from a separation standpoint, there's the plasmid, there is the mRNA molecule, and then there's also the lipid nanoparticle. For all three of these [indiscernible] we are far from having solved the aggregation problem, the problem with affinity to metal surfaces. And as I said earlier, the introduction of the premiere technology couldn't have come at a better time. So I believe given the further investment in the pipeline of molecules in this space, basically oligo-based compounds, our technological focus especially on separations of these complex molecules. First with the premier technology and others that we're working on bodes very well for what we see in the future. And I can tell you that I mean customers, while we have delivered – while the customers and us working together have delivered vaccines in record times, they're very far from having native and efficient process. So something that is a significant opportunity for Waters from an innovation standpoint, as you go forward.
Operator: And thank you. And our last question for today comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. My question is focused on gross margins. Udit, I was curious if we could start and just give us an update on the supply chain and how you're managing through any constraints you might be seeing? And then just looking at the full year guidance at 58%, it implies that the second half gross margins are below what you did in the first half. How much of this is related to the selling days, or is there some other dynamic related to investments kind of weighing on the seasonality this year?
Udit Batra: So thanks for your question, Jack. Look from a supply chain perspective we have so far managed really rally with our suppliers and we are monitoring any dynamics in the supply chain, including ships that are stranded on the West Coast of the U.S. So we're very closely monitoring all those changes. We are in constant conversation with our suppliers so far so good. But I mean we are monitoring s things change, especially on electronic box. Let me also we're to Amol, to talk about the gross margin.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So on the gross margin, right, I mean, usually, typically in the March month, we take merit increases up. But that merit increase doesn't travel into the P&L because the inventory turns right on the gross margin side. And if you assume sort of a 3% merit increase, that will only travel into the P&L second half of the year with the inventory turns. So that sort of explains why gross margin is lower in the second half versus the first time.
Jack Meehan: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. That concludes today's conference. I'll go ahead and turn it back over to the speakers at this time.
Udit Batra: Thank you all for your participation and questions. And on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our third quarter of 2021 call, which we currently anticipate holding on November 2, 2021. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. You may disconnect your lines and thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference call. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results of the company and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the second quarter and full year 2021. We caution you that any and all such statements are only our present expectations, that actual events or results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 in Part I under the caption Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release, including with respect to risks and related to the effects of COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We further caution you that the company does not intend to update any of its predictions or projections except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts, or as otherwise required by law. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for August 3, 2021. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and available on the company's website. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled, Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted Non-GAAP Financials, included in this morning's press release. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing, are in comparison to the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Dr. Udit Batra, Waters President and CEO. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. Along with Bryan joining me on this morning's call is Mike Silveira, Water's Vice President, Corporate Controller and Interim CFO. I would like to start by expressing how grateful I am to our colleagues for their continued hard work and commitment especially to those who are continuing to experience the devastating effects of the pandemic. We have not yet seen a uniformed recovery as there are still many regions around the world that are being ravaged by the pandemic. As many of you are aware, India is facing a particularly dire situation at the moment. Our colleagues and customers there are very much on our minds and we are working closely with our team in India to ensure safety of our employees and their families and we're doing all we can to support our customers. During today's call I will provide you a brief overview of our first quarter operating results as well as an update on our three-phase transformation plan focused on number one, beginning our commercial momentum; number two, further strengthening on organization with leadership and performance management; and number three, aligning our portfolio with growth areas. Next I will provide some thoughts on how our business is positioned to drive sustainable growth. Mike will then review our financial results in detail and provide comments on our updated second quarter and full-year financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. Briefly reviewing our operating results for the first quarter, revenue grew 31% as reported, 27% on a constant currency basis and non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share grew 99% year-over-year. This strong start to the year was driven by growth across all end markets as we saw continued strength in pharma and earlier than expected recovery in non-pharma spending by our customers, new product traction and s strong commercial execution by our team. Looking more closely at our topline results, first from a customer end market perspective, all our end markets grew double-digits during the first quarter. Our largest market category Pharma grew 28% in constant currency. Industrial grew 24% and Academic and Government grew 29%. Moving now to our sales performance by geography. On a constant currency basis, sales in Asia grew 41% with China up 109%. Sales in Americas grew 14% with the U.S. growing 13% and sales in Europe grew 25%. From an operating segment perspective, our Waters division grew 26% while DA grew by 28% on a constant currency basis. Customer activity continued to improve in the first quarter with pharma leading the way, driving better than expected trends in recurring revenues and a significant growth in instrument revenue. Recurring revenue grew 15% with Services growing 14% and Chemistry Consumables revenue growing 18%, driven by combined pharma strength and improved industrial demand. LC instruments grew across all of our major geographies and market categories with more than 40% growth. It is encouraging to see both HPLC and UPLC instrument units growth double-digits driven by pent up demand, integration of the Arc HPLC and strong execution of our LC replacement initiative. The success of the launch of the Arc HPLC in the general purpose HPLC space cannot be understated and the ACQUITY Premier has been received very well by customers since its February launch. Mass spec sales were also strong in the first quarter with growth in excess of 50% as demand in the Pharma market remained robust in addition to rebounds we saw in other markets including clinical food and environmental and biomedical research. Demand was solid for our Tandem Quads in Europe and China, particularly in Pharma and in food. Finally, to TA, revenue grew 28% as demand rebounded in the core industrial business and strength continued in pharma, medical devices and semiconductors. Growth was robust across all major geographies and product lines with particular strength in thermal and electrophoresis. Looking deeper at our sales performance by geography, all major regions grew double-digits. China built further on last quarter strength more than doubling sales year-over-year. Results were strong across all end markets as China continued its recovery from last year's COVID disruptions. Pharma was particularly strong in China driven by triple digits growth in both contract labs and traditional Chinese medicine. Our food business in China also saw meaningful growth driven by significant rebound in contract testing organizations to the level that we're above those we saw in 2018 and in 2019. This is just one quarter and not indicative of a trend, but it demonstrates that the market is recovering and our execution has improved. India sales grew double-digits for the third consecutive quarter despite worsening conditions and continued pandemic challenges throughout the country. Europe experienced broad-based strength across all customer end markets including meaningful sequential improvements in both industrial and Academic and Government markets. In the U.S., both pharma and industrial markets had strong growth in the quarter, while demand in our Academic and Government market remained soft as it lagged behind other markets and reopened. In summary, we had a great start to the year with strong year-on-year growth that was broad-based than last quarter, with impressive performance across all our regions, end markets, and product categories. Pharma demand has not subsided and many of our non-pharma markets are now in the process of recovering, which gives us greater confidence as we look to the remainder of the year. Now, I would like to talk more broadly about our business and its overall direction moving forward, including the strength of the company, the effectiveness of the markets that we serve and our deep commitment to innovation as we look beyond this quarter into the longer term. Our three-phased transformation plan is; number one, beginning our commercial momentum; number two, strengthening our organization with leadership and performance management; and number three, aligning our portfolio with growth areas. Looking at our first priority of regaining our commercial momentum, let me review some initiatives I mentioned previously. First, instrument replacements initiatives, we delivered a significant acceleration in instrument revenue growth to 45%. In February, we launched the ACQUITY Premier system augmenting the already solid placement Arc HPLC launched in June of 2020 creating new opportunities for instrument replacements. Additionally, we have gained traction with customers to replace aging Tandem Quad mass spec instruments with newer instruments. Second, as part of our CRO's CDMO expansion initiative, we've seen revenue growth accelerate to strong double-digits in both these customer segments. Customers continue to perceive us as a strong technical partner as they transfer methods from originators and they see us as a strong collaborator rather than a competitor. Third, our e-commerce initiative has begun to deliver tangible results, search engine optimization and page search have led to first impressions that are up more than 40% year-on-year. While not every click translates to immediate revenue, increasing traffic is an important first step in our e-commerce efforts. Fourth, driving launch excellence, let me start with liquid chromatography. While the Arc HPLC is a leader in general purpose HPLC space, I want to focus on the ACQUITY Premier. Last year we launched the ACQUITY Premier columns and followed that up with the ACQUITY Premier system last quarter. Though we are still in the early stages of the revenue ramp up for both, the columns and the systems saved the ACQUITY Premier columns as significantly outpacing the prior successful chemistry launches, including the original ACQUITY columns. Turning to mass spec, in 2019 we launched the BioAccord Cyclic IMS, SYNAPT XS, TQ-S cronos and a next generation version of our TQ-S micro. Pairing our Tandem Quads with ACQUITY Premier creates industry leading reproducibility and sensitivity for challenging assays. With expanding applications of the BioAccord we've maintained our focus on bringing a versatile easy to use and robust LC-MS system to the QA-QC space. During Q1 we launched workflow for peptide multi-attribute method on the new Waters connect platform to enable the monitoring of quality attributes at the peptide level. This adds to already existing simple to use applications of peptide mapping, intact subunit mass analysis, released glycan profiling and oligonucleotide mass confirmation. Over the last year we established the BioAccord into the workflows for characterizing mRNA molecules that have since become vaccines. In fact, BioNTech recognized Waters for our support of its COVID-19 vaccine development and relief efforts. Lastly, Cyclic was launched in September 2019 and is targeted at the most advanced high-resolution mass spec users. Augmenting traditional LCMS with high-resolution ion mobility allows us to separate molecules with additional, but identical molecular weight, based on their different shapes. This is now especially relevant for monitoring structural changes in the sugar pattern of the spike protein of the SARS-CoV-2 virus. We do recognize that we still have a bit of work to do on our mass spec informatics applications and we're addressing this through the development and rollout of our Waters connect software platform across our full mass spec portfolio. Today, Waters connect support biopharma characterization and monitoring blood flows with a range of capabilities on the BioAccord Xevo QTof and [indiscernible]. And with the launch of our RDa Benchtop -- Benchtop Tof in Q1 Waters Connect also enabled small molecular flows. We are grateful to have earned the trust and partnership with our customers as we develop further applications and beta test upcoming products and software. Next on our TA Instruments division, last year we launched the X3 DSC which offers unique advantages for routine high throughput labs and R&D especially in pharma, electronics and advanced materials. The ability of the X3 DSC to deliver high sensitivity measurements of physical properties more quickly than comparable products is enabling these measurements to be more broadly deployed in manufacturing processes, where scientists can evaluate multiple combinations in parallel reducing time to market. The more time I spend with my R&D colleagues together with our customers, the more impressed I am with the strength of our deeply technical culture. Moving on to our second priority. You've already seen the planned leadership transitions we announced last month. Amol Chaubal will join us as CFO on May 12. Amol has deep experience in pharma and diagnostics and has led many transformations in his prior roles, through both organic and inorganic growth. I would like to sincerely thank Michael Silveira for his four months of service as Interim CFO. Mike will continue to serve as our corporate controller and I am pleased to add that Mike will also assume the role of chief accounting officer. Secondly, we've established a dedicated Innovation Board which I will share, that includes leaders from R&D, business development and marketing. The Innovation Board will review unmet needs in markets we serve, assess technology proof-of-concept and monitor the execution of top R&D programs. Thirdly, I'd like to thank Mike Harrington and Ian King, our SVPs of Global Markets and Global Products respectively for their decades of dedication to Waters. Though their retirements are effective July 2, they have graciously offered to serve as consultants for a period of time to ensure a smooth transition. Finally, we welcome our own Jon Pratt as the leader of the Waters division, while Jianqing Bennett will succeed Jon at the DA Division. Both Jon and Jianqing have brief commercial and transformation experience and global leadership roles in fast growing markets such as molecular diagnostics and bioprocessing. I am really pleased with our new team and I look forward to introducing them to you in the coming months. That brings us to our third priority, aligning our portfolio with high growth areas. While we won't take our IR commercial execution which remains our top priority we have recently started our strategic planning process. Now I'd like to share with you some high level thoughts on where we are today. Our number one priority is to continue strengthening the core, meaning LC-MS and materials characterization instruments, informatics, service and consumables. Second, we're starting into faster growing adjacencies where we can bring our strength of managing compliant data without competing directly with our customers. These adjacencies include opportunities to increase our exposure to biologics, be it in reagents, other instrument technologies, or bioprocessing, all in accelerating LC-MS into diagnostics or other high growth markets. Lastly, we will maintain our long-standing disciplined approach to financial management, capital structure, and capital deployment as we are focused on maintaining a top tier ROIC. Over the coming year, I look forward to sharing more with you on our strategy as well as the data points that give us confidence that we have the foundation in place to sustainability grow in this attractive market. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Mike Silveira for a deeper review of the first quarter financials and our outlook for the remainder of 2021. Mike?
Michael Silveira: Thank you, Udit. Good morning everyone. In the first quarter, we recorded net sales of $609 million, an increase of approximately 27% in constant currency. Currency translation increased sales growth by approximately 4% resulting in sales growth of 31% as reported. Looking at product line growth, our revenue -- our recurring revenue which represents a combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue, increased by 15% for the quarter, while instrument sales increased 45%. Chemistry revenues were up 18% for the quarter driven by strong pharma market growth and improving industrial demand. On the service side of our business revenues were up 14%. As customers continued to reopen labs and catch up on performance maintenance professional services and repair visits. As we noted on our last earnings call, reoccurring sales are impacted by five additional calendar days in the quarter, which primarily impacted service revenues. Looking ahead, compared to 2020, there is no year-over-year difference in the number of calendar days for this year's second or third quarter. However, there are six fewer calendar days in the fourth quarter of this year. Breaking first quarter operating segment sales down further, sales related to Waters Division sales grew 26%, while TA Instrument sales grew 28%. Combined LC and LC-MS instrument sales were up 47%, while TA system sales grew 34%. Now I'd like to comment on our first quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 58.2%, a 350 basis point increase compared to 54.7% in the first quarter of 2020, primarily due to an increase in sales volume and favorable FX. Moving down, the first quarter P&L, operating expenses increased by approximately 9% on a constant currency basis and 11% on a reported basis. The increase was primarily attributed to higher labor incentive compensation cost and higher depreciation from IT investments we made over the last few years. In the first quarter our effective operating tax rate was 14%, an increase from last year as compared to the comparable period included some favorable discreet items in the prior year. Net interest expense was $7 million for the quarter, a decrease of about $3 million as anticipated on lower average outstanding debt balances. Our average share count came in at 62.6 million shares, flat with the first quarter of last year. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the first quarter increased 99% to $2.29 in comparison to the $1.15 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share increased to $2.37 compared to $0.86 last year. The reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment in our balance sheet, I would like to summarize our first quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash flow from operations, less capital expenditures and excluding certain special items. In the first quarter of 2021 free cash flow grew 60% year-over-year to a $193 million after funding $40 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $14 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operation. In the first quarter this resulted in $0.32 of each dollar of sales converted into free cash flow. Our increased free cash flow was primarily a result of sales growth and bettered operating margins compared to the prior year. In the quarter accounts receivable days sale outstanding came in at 84 days, down 15 days compared to the first quarter of last year. Inventory decreased by $16 million in comparison to the prior year quarter on higher sales volumes. Waters maintained a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity, and a well structured debt maturity profile. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased approximately 600,000 shares of common stock for $173 million in the first quarter. These capital allocation activities along with our free cash flow results in cash and short-term investments of $810 million and debt of $1.7 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. This resulted in a net debt position of $893 million and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about one time at the end of the first quarter. Our capital deployment priorities remain consistent; investor growth, maintain balance sheet strength and flexibility, and return capital to shareholders. We remain committed to deploying capital against these priorities and as Udit commented earlier, we have begun a new strategic planning process. As we continue to execute against our priorities, we will evaluate deploying capital to open up attractive and adjacent markets. As we look forward to the remainder of the year ahead, I would like to provide some updated context on our thoughts for 2021. One, while the business environment remains subject to volatility, we are seeing good momentum in our market segment which will help us exceed the 2019 levels. Two, we believe this momentum will continue until the second quarter, but that a strong double-digit growth will mostly occur in the first half of the year due to more challenging comparisons in the second half of the year and the six fewer calendar days that we will have in the fourth quarter. Three, we continue to expect that all major geographies will perform better this year than they did in 2020, led by growth in China. Four, our near-term growth initiatives are expected to continue to ramp, led by our LC replacement initiative, which we expect to contribute increasingly through our performance. These dynamics support updated full-year 2021 guidance for cost and currency sales growth of 8% to 11%. At current rates, the positive currency translation to 2021 sales growth is expected to be approximately 1 to 2 percentage points. Gross margin for the full year is expected to be between 57.5% and 58%. Every year we look to balance growth, investment and profitability. Accordingly, we expect 2021 operating margins of between 28% to 29%, based on a combination of investments, the normalization of COVID related cost and disciplined expense controls. Moving now, below the operating income line, other key assumptions for the full year guidance are as follows. Net interest expense of $35 million to $38 million, a full-year tax rate in the range of 14.5% to 15.5%, the net impact of our share repurchase program 2021 that will result in an average diluted 2021 share count of 61.5 million to 62 million shares outstanding. Over the course of the year, we will evaluate our share repurchase program and provide quarterly update as appropriate. Drilling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full-year 2021 earnings per fully diluted share are now projected in the range of $9.85 to $10.05 which assumes a positive currency impact on full-year earnings per share growth of approximately 3 percentage points. Looking at the second quarter of 2021, we expect constant currency sales growth to be 14% to 16%. At today's rates currency translation is expected to increase second quarter sales growth by approximately 3 percentage points. Second quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $2.15 to $2.25 as the significant prior year COVID cost savings actions start to normalize. At current rates the positive currency impact on second quarter earnings per share growth is expected to be approximately 1 percentage point. Now I'd like to turn it back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Mike. In summary, there is much to be pleased about with our first quarter results driven by strong growth across each of the major end markets with Pharma leading the way. Thanks to solid execution and double-digit growth in instrument sales, we saw broad-based revenue growth across every region, with China sales more than doubling. Our transformation plan is well underway with commercial momentum and a strong leadership team in place. We now turn towards developing a new strategy as we work more closely to align our portfolio with higher growth areas of the market. With that, we will now begin the Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: And our first question comes from Dan Brennan, UBS. Sir, your line is open, you may go ahead.
Daniel Brennan: Great, thank you, thanks for the question and congrats obviously on the strong start to the year. Maybe just looking at the guidance, Udit, if you don't mind, I know you talked about six less days in the fourth quarter and tough comps, but nonetheless you had strong start and the good second quarter guidance, your full-year guidance does imply something on the order of 1% growth in the back half of the year. So maybe could you just tease out a little bit, like what's going on with the back half, like how much are you still assuming to obtain that with us, just any further color there, because I would expect that will be a question that we’re going to be getting?
Udit Batra: Firstly, thanks Dan and good morning. Look, we are very pleased with the first quarter, and as we look at the rest of the year, I mean as Mike also mentioned, the pandemic is still ongoing, that's the first consideration. Second we saw pent up demand we released in Q1 which had five extra days, so that grew our base quite nicely. And the second half has a higher comp which makes us prudent as we guide towards the full year. Now of course, if our initiatives continue to do what they're doing and we see good execution there, and the other end markets continue to improve, we would be on the higher end of that guidance. So I think to me it's a prudent or to use another word, wise guidance, which basically takes these factors into account.
Daniel Brennan: Okay, and then you talked a lot about new product launches, particularly on LC side, is it possible to see that a little bit in terms of what impact these are actually having? Again really strong 27% organic growth, but could you give us a flavor for kind of the impact from these new product launches in the quarter, and kind of what you're assuming for the full year? And then if you could also make any comments on what you are seeing from the relative market share trends across LC and LC-MS?
Udit Batra: Sure. I think first on new products. I'm very excited about our whole portfolio across LC, across mass spec, across informatics. In terms of overall quantitation, I mean I think as we look at the contribution, it's probably 2% to 3%, is it a bit higher or bit lower, I think you would have to do very sophisticated math, but it's 2% to 3% contribution. And that's quite impressive, especially on the LC side given the launch has just took place, right? So for Arc HPLC, it was launched only in June of last year, smack in the middle of the pandemic and that has had great uptake especially in China for general purpose HPLC. And then that ACQUITY Premier, the columns were launched last year and we saw, I would say absolutely terrific uptake, in fact better than the ACQUITY launched originally. And then finally, as I look at the mass spec growth, I mean our replacement initiative is doing well, especially with the launch of our renewed Tandem Quad portfolio. So, really lot to be excited about on the new products side.
Daniel Brennan: And if I could just one more and this is China obviously you are up against an easy countdown 45 or thereabouts, about 120% growth is certainly significant. Just how do we think about, you know, you were facing some unique challenges in China over the past couple of years in Food and Pharma, how do we think about the door [ph] like what's kind of expected from here as you think about this full 2021 guide for China?
UditBatra: Yes, absolutely, I mean super happy with China, especially given the pandemic is still not over and our colleagues have really done a great job of implementing our initiatives, and some of that is contributing to the growth. I mean it's terrific growth across all segments, especially Pharma which doubled and then you saw Industrial also grew very nicely. And Academic and Government was in the mid 70%. Right? So, with that said, what I would argue is Pharma is continuing to show strength. Industrial is also starting to get stronger especially in the TA business. Academic and Government on a stack basis still has some work to do. Right? So, we still want to make sure that we focus on it as the market recovers. And then I look at the portfolio side, Instruments grew very nicely, as you again saw from the prepared remarks. And the consumables portion of the business was in the mid-40s in terms of percentage growth. Look, as I look at our -- the implementation of our initiatives that I mentioned earlier, they are contributing nicely. We singled out the Food market in the past for commentary when we talked about transformations, so let me just comment on that. We saw incredible growth in the contract testing market for Food both in the Government segment and with new customers. Right? Remember I spoke about that when we talked about the transformation plan. And with the CDMO segment some of our best performance is in China. And then finally I have a lot to thank in terms of our leadership in China. We have a new leader in China and really has renewed focus on growth. That said, I would caution against taking two data points of recovery and saying that we have completely turned the business. We still remained focused, but I'm very happy with the start.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thanks a lot.
Michael Silveira: Thank you for your questions.
UditBatra: I didn't answer your question for the full year, full year I think no reason to expect anything less than high-teens in China and that would be a very good stacked growth as well versus last year.
Daniel Brennan: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Tycho Peterson, JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey thanks. I want to follow-up on the Instrument growth. You know 45% on a 90% comp is just pretty impressive. I'm just curious how much in your view was market pent up demand versus some of the stuff you are intentionally driving out your replacement cycle initiatives. You mentioned 2% to 3% from the products, so I get that. But how much came from new customer penetration, CROs, CDMOs? You know the main question we are going to get is kind of the sustainability of what you are seeing right now?
UditBatra: Yes, yes, so Tycho, excellent point. I mean and then I think there are many things to be happy about on the Instrument side, right? I mean if we place more Instruments, we get more consumables and more service down the line and we saw a very nice recovery. It is a mix of everything. Right? So, we saw a recovery front, seeing continued strength in Pharma, but we also saw a nice recovery in Industrials and also in Academia. In terms of the contribution, our initiatives have been doing extremely well. Our LC replacement initiative and now we have added the mass spec initiative as well, is doing super well. And that is now being helped by the launch of Arc HPLC and ACQUITY Premier which are allowing us to focus both on the general purpose segment, but also on the UPLC segment. So, it's very difficult to extract how much is coming from -- going and finding only replacement and then how much is coming from the new products that are actually helping that conversation. So, really added together it's a very good performance. And then also from a stacked comp basis it's looking very good as you've already commented. I mean LC is doing very nicely on a -- from a 29 basis -- from a 2019 basis and mass spec is almost double digits on that front. So, really very happy with what we've been able to do on -- do with our initiatives. And then finally on the CRO, CDMO area, I mean we have had incredible impact. Last Friday I was with -- incredible conversations with CDMOs, especially last Friday I was with the CEO of one of the leading CDMOs and they perceive us as very strong partners to help them transfer methods for complex molecules. And this is something that has come more and more to the front and center globally as we talk to many of these customers. Of course, I mean they are focused on cost, but even more importantly they are focused on transferring these methods from originators. So, I think the initiatives are doing well, but there's a lot more to do there. We've just, I mean I would say in terms of penetration of our Instrument space, we are 30% along the way on mass spec. I would say we are about slightly more than that on the LC side. So we still have fertile ground there to see more growth.
Tycho Peterson: That's helpful. And then you mentioned the Innovation Board, I am just curious, there are implications here in terms of how you are approaching R&D and what you want to spend in R&D, should we assume kind of 6%-6.5% you know if sales are still the bogey or how you think about that?
UditBatra: Yes, I think Tycho that question came up last time as well. We don’t think of R&D in percentage terms and being an engineer myself and now surrounded by people in the Innovation Board we really look at the quality of the ideas. And if the quality of the ideas are good and we see a market opportunity, we will invest behind it. So, let me give you an example. As LC-MS or Diagnostics, right, so we work very closely with the UK Government on the COVID Moonshot program and we were able to develop LC-MS for as a diagnostic tool for detecting pathogens. This is now going to be submitted as an RUO later, mid this year or later this year for research is only, at least initially, but we see incredible traction in that area and we are investing behind it. So, those are the kinds of examples that come to the Innovation Board and if we see room to invest, we will. Second type of ideas where we invest our platforms, right? So, I already mentioned from a commercial perspective e-Commerce, but also taking the disparate data that exists in the organization and putting them into a data lake. Right? So, I would be loathed to tell you hey, you know, this is the ratio that we're trying to manage. Of course it's a cost conscious organization as you know from the past. We will not do silly things. At the same time if we see good ideas that have good basis, we will invest behind them. So, I hope that's satisfactory.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then just lastly on the model, I am curious, the five extra days could you quantify was that added in the quarter, was that around 300 basis points? And then as we look ahead to the second quarter, given the tragedy unfolding in India, just curious how you are thinking about your exposure there in the second quarter?
UditBatra: Let me comment on India and then I let Mike comment on the contribution of the extra days. Look, I mean our heart goes out to everybody who is going through the pandemic in India. We have still seen our customers as you can imagine continue to produce small molecules and large molecules to address the challenges of the pandemic. And so our sales are tracking that and we are very heavily focused on the LC market in India, which is still the method of choice to release small molecules that India continues to produce. So, we're seeing very good growth, very good access for our service engineers despite the pandemic. I do expect it to be bumpy, but the underlying demand as we look at the full year I would expect to continue to rise. Mike, on the extra days?
Michael Silveira: Yes, on the five additional days, it added about 3% of growth to our recurring revenues in the quarter.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Kumar, Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys. Congrats on a really strong fin this morning. I proved from the, and may be on the first one. I look at the guidance to 2Q, 14% to 16% constant currency. I mean, your comps actually get easier for 2Q. If I look at the 27% you guys did in Q1, x days it was about 24. So, can you maybe just walk us through the 24 to perhaps 15, 16 for 2Q? Was there any timing element which pulled forward from Q2 or is this perhaps like you said prudent guidance?
UditBatra: Yes, I think Vijay you answered your own question. It's actually prudent guidance. I mean given that the pandemic is still not over, there was a bit of pent up demand that came also from last year into Q1, not a pull forward from Q2. And then finally, I mean our initiatives are ongoing. They have shown incredible traction. We're very happy with what's happening. However, I think they still are getting traction. Right? I mean despite the pandemic we have seen good traction for our LC initiative. We are seeing good traction for e-Commerce where the page views have increased quite dramatically. We have seen good traction in reaching out to new customers. But two data points don’t make a full trend. So, we're just being wise to use another word. I think that would be the answer.
Vijay Kumar: I understood. And then another guidance question. I guess simplistically you guys beat Q1 EPS by about $0.70 and the annual guidance raised by about $0.50. Is there I guess from an expense standpoint, is this also perhaps prudence from an OpEx perspective or is there something else going on, on the spend perspective? And Mike on the Q1, 300 basis points contribution from extra days should be a zero, a 300 basis headwind in Q4, given the fewer selling days? Thank you.
UditBatra: Mike, go ahead on the EPS.
Michael Silveira: So from an EPS perspective, one thing to remember here is, last year with the pandemic we put in place many cost actions. For example, salaries were reduced, furloughs were put in place, spending was reduced significantly throughout the corporation. We are going to experience a huge normalization for rest of this year that will mitigate the growth of the EPS. I guess, said it another way, the kind of normalization that needs to happen this year. As far as the gross margins, this margin there was so much volume that lead to a kind of operating leverage. So that will mitigate itself the rest of the year because of that normalization that I mentioned. So, I would expect for the full year, we're going to get back for the 57.5% to 58%, but I don't expect it to be inconsistent with the past.
Vijay Kumar: Go it, yes, sorry on the days, is that a 300 basis point headwind in Q4?
Michael Silveira: Headwinds, that would be about a 3%. 
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey thanks. This is Mark Ruskin on for Derik, first he is taking a question. I want to follow up on some of your comments earlier on sort of the Instrument growth you saw in the quarter and you gave a lot of prepared remarks on. Have you been able to drive some of the upgrades and replacements? I am just wondering if you could comment, how many of those were competitive or you are replacing existing product, and you know you are having to discount to drive upgrades there, is there any bundling across the portfolio, sort of what are the puts and takes in that program that's helping you make those gains besides the comps.
UditBatra: Sure. I think look it's virtually all of the above, but that said, but let's start with especially for LC, I mean we have the focus on solutions for our customers, and as we go in the new products definitely helps. Arc HPLC and ACQUITY Premiere, especially help in having the conversation. Anything when we started the program first with our own installed base, then looking at the competitor installed base and the third step would be to look at everybody and anybody who is using Empower. Right? So, it's a pretty large pool and we have just, I would say one-third of the way with our own instruments in terms of getting that replacement cycle done. So, there's a lot of room there. That said, the conversation is more straightforward if you have new products, especially the Arc HPLC, as well the ACQUITY Premier. And then finally, given our reputation as a solid service company and our service engineers absolutely help. So, I think the answer is and your question, it's all of the above. For mass spec also, we've also launched a similar program and there the success rates are absolutely terrific. We're going after our own installed base from a Tandem Quad perspective and replacing the older instruments with the newer generation of Tandem Quads that were introduced in 2019. So nice progress. Some of it is the market, but I think a significant amount is renewed focus on the replacement cycle of older instruments and finding [ph] products and a broader value proposition. As far as pricing and bundling, except the pricing is concerned, we have not had to use heck of a lot of pricing to make this happen. People trust the quality that Waters brings and the innovation that we're bringing to them to solve these problems.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. I appreciate all that color. And then a followup on the on the -- you mentioned the strategic review process one of the areas you are thinking about, some of these faster growth adjacencies, are there any opportunities here that you see organically or is this sort of part of the strategic review that the following can be handled through M&A, obviously recognizing again the really good leverage position here?
UditBatra: All of the above. Right? So, we will have organic initiatives. We will have partnership opportunities and we will look at inorganic options as well. Right? so, all of the above. From an organic standpoint, I can give you examples. We think the electrodiagnostics space is interesting and LC-MS is ripe to get into that space. We have made really serious progress in working closely with many academics in the UK and the NHS, to take LC-MS into their diagnostics space for pathogens with COVID-19. We also worked with folks in Sweden on the same topic and we will introduce LC-MS as a research use only technique rather in the near future. So, organically we see tremendous opportunity as well. And another example would be entering bioprocessing. We are looking at partnerships with the leading academic institutions and many of our partners to take LC-MS into the bioprocessing suite and not just leave it in the QA-QC space where we still have room to grow. And then finally on inorganic, inorganic areas we are looking at that very, very carefully and they'll be more to say about it as time progresses, so all of the above.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open.
Douglas Schenkel: Hey, good morning everybody and thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to ask one end market question and then one guidance question. The end markets, specifically industrial, cyclical, recognizing all end markets were pretty solid, I'd love to hear more about what you're seeing in terms of the pickup and cyclical demand? And how did that evolve over the course of Q1 and are there signs that demand is picking up in a sustainable way that you know meaning just as in the catch up, it is actually a function of global economic improvement? And if you are seeing signs of that as exemplified for things, I think like backlog? Are there certain geographies where this is more or less notable? So that’s the first topic. The second topic is just, again sorry to go back to guidance, but specifically below the topline as we think about operating spend, when I look at our model for Q1, R&D and SG&A together were about $10 million below our forecast. And I think we were the high on the Street for revenue and you came in $50 million above our forecast, so that was really nice leverage in the model. I'm just wondering was there any hold back on investment in the early part of the year, just given all the uncertainty because it doesn't seem like you're looking at this as any normal. I say that because it seems like guidance assumes there's going to be an increase in operating investment moving forward over the balance of the year, which I think makes sense given the strength in your business and some of the initiatives you've talked about in your prepared remarks Udit. So, I guess, I'm just hoping you could provide some clarity there. It seems like Q1 operating leverage is the new normal just because you want to invest, I just want to make sure we got that right, thank you.
Udit Batra: Excellent question Doug. Look first on the other two end markets, Industrial and Academic and Government, I think you rightly note that it is one quarter and we are seeing a nice rebound. And I’m cautious here. Right? So we’re seeing good conversations with our customers about the industrial end markets are disconnect. Right? I mean, they go from polymers to semiconductors and other areas which inherently are cyclical. They are seeing good demand for hardware, especially on the TA side, but that I would say is one quarter, we’re seeing good conversations, I would not start to immediately extrapolate and this is why we are a little cautious on or prudent on the guidance. On the stack growth basis, when you look at specific regions, I mean China is almost 20%, Europe is in the mid-teens in Industrial and the U.S. is mid-single-digits. So even on a stack basis this is a good performance on the Industrial end market, but largely driven by a lot of hardware spend. Now on Academic and Government, which is also the cyclical, I know you were not asking in particular, but I will take the opportunity to comment on this. Already, we saw very good growth, I mean, 29% growth overall largely driven by what we saw in China and Europe continued its strength, also 70% growth. The U.S. is still spotting and recovering. On a stacked basis, there’s still work to do on China and the U.S. I mean both are still not positive versus 2019, Europe is. So I think Industrial, a little bit more confidence in the overall trend, but Academic and Government we're seeing slow return back into the different labs, more so in Europe, definitely in China but still a bit of hill to climb and Europe is 40 up and U.S. is 40 across the country. If I move to your guidance question, I will firstly give a qualitative remark and then Mike can comment on the numbers as well. We’re not holding back any investment Doug. I mean, in fact, if you look at how much we have approved in terms of operating investment it’s fairly significant in Q1 to start, to support our initiatives that we already mentioned. So expanding our field force in contract testing, having more informatics folks to build up Waters, Waters Connect even further and to invest behind our R&D programs, I mentioned LC-MS already and there are several others. It’s just a question of the recruiting cycle taking a bit of time and people finding the right people and getting them into the system. So, really not holding back there at all. Mike, do you want to comment on the numbers?
Michael Silveira: Sure, I will just add, with the strong customer demand that we’re actually seeing, we have started to make the investment into the P&L, but all of our expenses haven’t hit Q1 P&L. So you are going to see some increase in expense as we move to the rest of the year that catches up with these initiatives that Udit was referring to. This is a gated process and we do look at projects, one on, we do look at each of the products initiatives and spending on what it is and we navigated processes and we'll make sure it makes sense before we actually start the process. So it's - it is a gated process and we will expect not the leverage to be not as good as it was in Q1 the rest of this year.
Udit Batra: And then I think one closing remark on that Doug, just reminding you how we talked about the transformations and we said look we want to get our top line growth back first. This is such a gate business and such a good install based, there’s tons of leverage in the P&L that allows us to invest without any dilution. And you’re seeing the sustainability of the business as we recover our topline, and it’s not just towards this last year Q1, it’s also on a stack basis across many different segments and geographies.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brandon Couillard: Hi, thanks, good morning. In terms of some of your e-commerce initiatives, are you starting to see any incremental pull-through in terms of consumables, revenue that, did you quantify and kind of what’s next in terms of the e-commerce strategy and some of those initiatives over the balance of the year?
Udit Batra: Brandon, thank you. From an e-commerce, basically just search engine optimization and paid search we saw a 45% increase according to our own numbers and I know you look at it independently as well on the number eye balls coming on to our site. It's very difficult to translate that, as you know, into the exact impact on revenues, so I won't attempt that, but you can imagine the largest impact is on the consumable side. And especially, with newer products it’s worked out extremely well having the ability to drive more people onto the channel and find out more information, leading to purchase and a great uptake for our ACQUITY Premier launch. Now, in terms of the overall plan for e-commerce, I mean this is just a start. Right? So, remember I had said early on that we want to take the hand we have and do the best we can with it at the beginning as we make our plans to revitalize our platforms and I mentioned a couple of those investments in the previous question as well. So we do believe that investing in a data lake that takes all unstructured and structured data from different parts of the organization and putting that into an easily accessible middle layer will help us service our e-commerce customers better. We do believe investing in content even more is going to lead to better conversion on the e-commerce channel. We do believe investing in mobile is going to lead to a better conversion. So, you can see that there are some infrastructural investments that we have started to look at and as the organization becomes stronger and stronger, you’ll start to see us invest in those. So the e-commerce plan as of few phases is the first one was just to get the quick wins and we’re not done with that yet that’s just the start. And there is a long term plan that will build a world class e-commerce platform for Waters. Hope that helped.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Patrick Donnelly with Citi. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Great, thanks. I just wanted to follow up on one of the earlier questions on the capital deployment side, you know, it seems you’re a bit more open about pursuing some inorganic opportunities. Can you just talk about the size that we should be thinking about how large you guys would go and then again what verticals make the most sense for you guys to pursue inorganically versus the organic investments you reckon?
Udit Batra: Patrick, you know that I won’t take that, I won’t talk too much about the size and the exact ideas and the exact domains. I mean in general, you can assume that the part of the market we’re in is a good mid-single-digit grower. I mean we have a bit of catch up to do, so you’ll see us doing better than that in the short to midterm given the initiatives we've put in place, and the market share we’ve had to, we want to climb back and gain. Right? So, I think that will be the first lift. As you look at the adjacencies there are ones that fundamentally go faster like molecular diagnostics, like bioprocessing and bioreagents and we are looking at each of those categories to see how we can organically enter those, how we can do partnerships and also looking at inorganic ideas. I mean, the process has begun and you’ll hear more about it as we progress further with concrete ideas.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Josh Waldman with Cleveland Research.
Joshua Waldman: Hi guys, I wondered if you could provide more color on the replacement initiative. I guess, what inning do you think we are in here? And I think I remember you previously saying there were about 8000 systems that you are targeting. Is this still how you’re thinking about the opportunity or has that number gone up? And then I guess lastly, do you think it is driving replacement of only your systems or at this point are you seeing it replace maybe competitor systems, just thinks like growth of 40% from the LC businesses, it’s probably representing share gains?
Udit Batra: Yes, thanks. I'm sure of picking it up Josh. Look, LC, the 8000 number was HPLC and UPLC only and especially on the Waters Instrument. And when you talk about innings, if you're talking about baseball, probably we are in the third inning. There’s a lot more work to do and lot more to pick up there. And we haven't done that in past. We haven’t replaced our own instruments. So, I mean we are going in and it’s working out super well, especially with the new products being available as well and both on the HPLC side and the UPLC side. So, we’re very happy with where we are there. To your question on competitor instruments, definitely that’s the second step and then there’s a third step everybody and anybody who is using Empower, that probably also hits the competitor set. So there is a large installed base and anytime somebody is trying to replace an HPLC or UPLC, you should expect Waters to be in that conversation, especially and then this is especially important given that Empower is installed as the most ubiquitous CDS system. So, we are going to leverage the strength of Empower to try and make sure that we have a seat at the table virtually everywhere. The second thing that I wanted to add is from an instrument perspective. I mean, don't forget mass spec. Mass spec also has an older army of instruments that we've sold over many years, and there too, we completely renewed our Tandem Quad portfolio in 2019 and we're using that to get in and have conversations with our customers. So, that also – that probably is in your baseball analogy in the first innings and that's also started off very well. So, expect to hear more as the year progresses and we do intend to make sure that that continues and gets tracked very carefully. And the last piece on that that I'll add, this is also to a previous question on the areas we are investing in, we've been invested in basically collecting all the data that we have on the installed base, be it Empower based, be it Instrument based, and of course to automate it and to make it readily usable you have to invest in technology and that's what we're doing. I hope that gives you more color. 
Operator: And thank you. And our last question today comes from Catherine Schulte with Baird. Your line is open.
Catherine Schulte: Hey guys, congrats on the quarter and thanks for the questions. I guess first you made a comment in your prepared remarks on the CRO and CDMO side that your customers view you as a collaborator rather than a competitor. And just given some of the M&A we've seen in this space do you think that’s a concern among customers that some of the analytical instrument providers are increasingly becoming customers, and do you see this as a competitive advantage that you can take advantage of?
UditBatra: Yes, I mean we are definitely hearing that. I mentioned the conversations I've had with heads of CDMO organizations, this is front and center. I mean, they view us as a collaborator who they can trust with their methods, with their ideas and I think this is something that we are definitely hearing and we intend to take, we intend to service our customers accordingly. So I think you've heard right. And I mean especially, I would even argue, especially given Waters, its technical strength and unique focus on science and technology, I mean they view us as people who can help them transfer methods, get deeper into them -- deeper with them into technical conversations and are not worried about us competing or using their technology for our own purposes. So, I would say quite a benefit, but two drivers, one might be what's happening in the competitor's universe, but the other is our own reputation as a strong scientifically based organization. At this point I want to thank you for your participation and questions and on behalf of our full management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q2 2021 call, which we currently anticipate to hold on August 3, 2021.Thank you all.
Operator: And thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines and thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session _____ the conference call beginning. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone objects, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results of the company and commentary on potential market and business conditions that may impact Waters Corporation over the first quarter and full year 2021. We caution you that all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 in Part I under the caption Risk Factors, and our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26, 2020 in Part I under the caption Risk Factors, both of which are on file with the SEC, as well as cautionary language included in this morning's press release, including with respect to risks related to the effects of COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We further caution you that the company does not intend to update any of its predictions or projections except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts, or as otherwise required by law. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for May 5, 2021. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and available on the company's website. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled, Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted Non-GAAP Financials, included in this morning's press release. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results, increasing or decreasing, are in comparison to the third quarter of fiscal year 2019. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Dr. Udit Batra, Waters President and CEO. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. Along with Bryan joining me on this morning's call is Mike Silveira, Water's Vice President, Controller and Interim CFO. Some of you may already know Mike who has been a part of the Waters finance organization for 16 years and I am happy to have him joining me on this morning's call. I would like to start by thanking our employees around the globe for their hard work and dedication through what has been an extraordinarily difficult year. It is one that has brought significant change and sacrifice. From navigating the pandemic and resulting short-term cost saving initiatives earlier this year to changes in leadership, the Waters team has responded with drive, determination and an indomitable spirit. I am impressed by and grateful for our team's resilience and commitment to our customers and to each other. During today's call I will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter and full-year operating results, as well as an update on the stabilization that we have seen in the LC market and a few factors influencing our thinking for 2021. Mike will then review our financial results in detail and provide comments on our first quarter and full-year financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. Briefly reviewing our operating results for the fourth quarter, revenue grew 10% as reported, 7% on a constant currency basis and adjusted earnings per share grew 14%. For the full year revenue declined 2% and adjusted earnings per share was up 1%. This strong finish to the end of a challenging year was driven by the pharmaceutical market improvement, capital spending recovery in the second half of the year, strong execution and early contributions from our near-term growth initiatives. Looking more closely at our topline results, first from a customer perspective, our largest market category Pharma was the primary growth in the quarter with 15% growth. Our Industrial market grew 5% while Academia and Government declined 15%. Now, to geography. On a constant currency basis sales in Asia were up 12% with China up 19%. Meanwhile sales in the Americas grew 3% with the U.S. growing 4% and European sales grew at 6%. From a product perspective, our Waters branded products and services grew approximately 8% while TA declined by around 1% on a constant currency basis. While still navigating the global pandemic we are seeing clear signs of improving customer activity, positive growth trends in our recurring revenues and an evidence of stabilization in LC instrument demand. Services grew 10% while consumables business grew approximately 14% driven largely by global pharma strength, including sales of our recently launched premier columns which performed exceedingly well in the first quarter on the market. LC instruments grew across most of our major geographies with high single-digit growth. This improvement in capital equipment purchasing reflects the combination of the return of some of the planned capital spending that was delayed from the first half of the year, a normal Pharma year and budget flush and early contributions from our LC replacement initiative. Following large students release of the Arc HVAC system in the core HPLC market with a particular focus on the small molecule development and QA/QC space, we look forward to the continued expansion of our liquid chromatography portfolio. On February 10, we will launch ACQUITY Premier, our next-generation UPLC system that offers customers an extraordinary breakthrough in efficiency, sensitivity and overall capability. This new system will benefit both large and small molecule discovery and development as well as biomedical research. This new system has even more profound benefits when paired with our ACQUITY Premier columns which I mentioned earlier and were launched in the fourth quarter. The combined solution will alleviate nonspecific binding absorption losses and provide a significant leap forward with enhanced reproducibility, reduced passivation and an increased confidence in analytical results. After a very strong third quarter mass spec sales are about flat in Q4. As you know, the mass spec business can be lumpy which we saw with biomedical research. There was also a general softness at clinical diagnostics as budgets were diverted to COVID-19 testing. Notably, however, mass spec sales to pharma customers grew double-digits driven by the strong double-digit growth of both BioAccord and ACQUITY A. Finally, to TA, revenues declined low single digits, which was much improved from earlier in the year. We saw the core thermal business start to pick up, driven by market improvement in Asia. In particular, life sciences including pharma and medical devices grew double-digits. Combined these comprised approximately 10% to 15% of TA's total revenues. However, this was not enough to offset declines from TA's industrial customers. Looking now at our geographies, all major regions grew. The Americas grew low single digits, Europe grew mid-single digits, and Asia grew double-digits. In the U.S. the growth was driven by Pharma which was partially offset by declines in material science, environmental and academic and government. While Latin America continued to decline, it grew meaningfully relative to earlier in the year. Europe also experienced strong pharma performance partially offset by material science, food and academic and government. In both U.S. and Europe, pharma growth was broad-based including strengthen in Big Pharma, large molecule customers, genetics and contract labs. China had an impressive quarter with strong double-digit growth driven by continuing acceleration in Pharma as well as strong environmental growth. The pharma growth was driven by both small and large molecule customers including particularly strong growth at contact labs. India also continued to grow double-digits. In summary, overall in the fourth quarter we saw further relative strength in the market and benefited from strong year end spending trends. Now for the year, our pharmaceutical market category achieved 1% growth with the U.S., Europe and India, all seeing positive growth. Industrial declined 3% for the full-year and academic and government declined 16%. Notably our pharma market category grew 10% in the second half compared to the first half decline of 8% owed in part to strength in small molecules the industry recovered from lockdowns. Industrial also grew in the second half at 4% while academic and government declined 12% compared to the first half declines of 10% and 22% respectively. Geographically for the year Asia sales were down 4% with China sales down 8% sales in Americas were down 4% with the U.S. down 2%. Europe sales were up 2%. Notably all our major geographies grew in the second half of the year with the U.S. up 4% and Europe up 6% following first half declines of 9% and 3% respectively. Our China market grew in the second half up 11% reversing much of its sharp 31% decline in the first half of the year. Now I would like to share some of the progress we've made in our transformation program as several of the initiatives we are putting into action are starting to contribute to growth. First, I will talk about our instrument replacement initiatives, then our progress in contract lab expansion, followed by e-commerce and lastly I will give you a BioAccord update. First, as it relates to our instrument replacement initiative, which is the most advanced initiative underway, we delivered our first quarterly LC instrument revenue growth in two years, and our LC instrument win-loss was the highest it has been in three years. Initial customer feedback has been very positive on the ARC HPLC as well. Second, as part of our contract lab expansion initiative, we have made important progress in targeting this high growth customer group. We have contacted a number of customers globally, particularly in China and have strengthened our value proposition with expanded alternative revenue and service offerings which have been well received by this segment. It is still early days, but we're pleased with the progress we are making. Third, our e-commerce initiative is still in the early stages, but waters.com graphic is up double-digits driven by search engine optimization and paid search. While there isn’t a one-to-one relationship between traffic and revenue, increased traffic is an important first step in driving revenue growth through the e-commerce channel. In tandem with our e-commerce actions we've also announced our e-procurement platform on which we have expanded our coverage of customers leveraging this channel. This supported strong e-procurement growth indicating that it's now easier to work with Waters. Fourth, driving launch excellence, BioAccord sales exceeded expectations in the quarter as our development efforts and our specialty sales model has started to take effect, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. Many customers are increasingly adopting BioAccord for manufacturing and several have placed follow-on orders. Once we get BioAccord applications on an enterprise software platform, we believe we will be seeing more follow-on orders. More importantly, customer activity continues to be encouraging, which makes us optimistic about 2021. Lastly, I'd like to highlight our efforts to help mitigate the public health crisis. In addition to the significant efforts by our innovation response team we are encouraged to see Waters consumables expecting [ph] on QA/QC methods for COVID vaccines and therapeutics. We are also seeing an uptick in COVID driven demand for our instruments and consumables. This peaked in the first quarter where COVID revenues contributed an estimated 1 to 2 percentage points to the growth driven by those pharmaceutical customers developing COVID vaccines and therapeutics. We saw meaningfully higher growth than manufacturers that don't have COVID related programs. In summary, as I wrap up with 2020 we've done a great job at keeping our employees safe and our operations running. Our teams have focused not only on getting products out the door, but we have also assisted our customers engaged in COVID related efforts. Meanwhile our base business is showing signs of recovery and our transformation is well underway. Turning to 2021, while the business environment remains uncertain, we look forward to building on the fourth quarter momentum. Mike will provide further details on our outlook for 2021 which is based on three key factors. One, we are assuming a gradual improvement in customer activity led by the pharma market. Two, we expect all major geographies to perform better than they did in 2020 led by growth in China. Lastly, our near-term growth initiatives are expected to continue to ramp up led by our LC replacement initiative which we expect to increasingly contribute through performance. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Silveira for a deeper review of the fourth quarter and 2020 financials and our outlook for 2021. Mike?
Michael Silveira: Thank you, Udit and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter we recorded net sales of $787 million, an increase of approximately 7% in constant currency. Currency translation increased sales growth by approximately 3%, resulting in sales growth of 10% as reported. For the full year, sales declined about 2% in constant currency and as reported. Looking at product line growth, our recurring revenue, which represents a combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue, increased by 11% in the quarter, while instrument sales increased 4%. For the full year recurring revenue grew 3%, while instrument sales declined 9%. Chemistry revenues were up 14% in the quarter, driven by strong pharma growth. On the service side of our business, revenues were up 10%, as customers continued to reopen labs, catch-up on performance maintenance, see professional services in the paid visits. As we noted last quarter, recurring sales were impacted by 2 additional calendar days in the quarter, which resulted in a slight increase in service revenue sales. Looking ahead, there are 5 additional calendar days in the first quarter and 6 fewer calendar days in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to 2020. Breaking fourth quarter product sales down further, sales were weighted to Waters branded products and services grew 8% while sales of TA branded products and services declined 1%. Combined LC and LC-MS instrument sales were up 5% while TA system sales declined 4%. Now I'd like to comment on our fourth quarter and full-year non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 59.2% an increase compared to the 58.2% in the fourth quarter of 2019, primarily due to higher sales volume and FX. On a full-year basis, gross margin was 57.4% compared to 58% in the prior year on lower overall sales volumes in 2020. Moving down the fourth quarter P&L operating expenses increased by approximately 6% on a constant currency basis and 8% on a reported basis. The increase was primarily attributed to variable expenses related to the strong sales performance. For the year operating expenses were 1% lower before currency translation and flat after. In the quarter and for the full year our effective operating tax rate was 14.9% and 14.8% respectively, an increase from last year as the comparable period included some favorable discrete items. Net interest expense was $7 million for the quarter, a decrease of about $3 million as anticipated on lower outstanding debt balances. Our average share count came in at 62.5 million shares, a reduction of approximately 3% or about 2 million shares lower than in the fourth quarter of last year. This is the result of shares repurchased through the end of the first quarter of 2020 subsequent to which we paused our share repurchase program. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the fourth quarter increased 40% to $3.65 in comparison to the $3.20 last year. On a GAAP basis our earnings per fully diluted share increased to $3.49, compared to $3.12 last year. For the full year, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were up 1% at $9.05 per share versus $8.99 last year. On a GAAP basis full year earnings per share were $8.36 versus $8.69 in 2019. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning. Turning to free cash flow capital deployment in our balance sheet, I would like to summarize our fourth quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the fourth quarter of 2020 free cash flow grew 52% year-over-year to $240 million after funding $47 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $19 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operation. In the fourth quarter this resulted in $0.30 of each dollar of sales converted into free cash flow. For the full year in 2020 free cash flow generation was $726 million after funding $172 million of capital expenditures. This represents a 26% increase and $0.31 per dollar of sales converted into free cash flow. Excluded from free cash flow was $70 million related to our investment in our Taunton chemistry operations and a $38 million transition tax payment related to the 2017 U.S. tax reform. Our increased free cash flow is primarily a result of our cost saving actions and improvements in our cash conversion cycle. In the fourth quarter, accounts receivable, day sales outstanding came in at 70 days, down 7 days compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Inventories decreased by $16 million in sales into the prior year quarter, reflecting stronger revenue growth and revised production schedules. Waters maintains a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity through a well structured debt maturity profile. We ended the quarter with cash and short term investments of $443 million and gap of $1.4 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. This resulted in a net debt position of $913 million and a net debt-to-EBITA ratio of about 1.1 times at the end of the fourth quarter. Our capital deployment priorities remained consistent; invest for growth, balance sheet strength and flexibility and return of capital to shareholders. We remain committed to deploying capital against these priorities. As such, our Board of Directors has approved a two-year extension of our January 2019 share repurchase authorization that was set to expire last month. As of today, we have $1.5 billion remains available under the program for share repurchases. As we look forward to the year ahead, I'd like to provide some broader context on our thoughts for 2021. The business environment remains uncertain, and we are assuming a gradual improvement in customer activity led by the pharma market. We expect all major geographies to perform better than they did in 2020, led by growth in China. Our outlook does not anticipate a return of lockdowns seen in 2020. We had a 1% tailwind from COVID related revenue in 2020, three quarters of which was in the second half of the year. We expect a similar revenue impact in 2021 including a 1% to 2% growth tailwind in Q1. We anticipate the first half growth tailwind will moderate through the remainder of the year. Improved execution on our near term growth initiatives contributed to our fourth quarter growth. But the quarter also benefited from capital spending that was delayed from the first half into the second half of the year, which we don't expect to continue in 2021. The second half of 2021 will have to contend with the challenging comp resulting from a revenue shift that took place in 2020. These dynamics support full year 2021 guidance for constant currency sales growth of 5% to 8%. At current rates the positive currency translations to 2021 sales growth is expected to be 1 to 2 percentage points. Gross margin for the full year is expected to be in the range of 57.5% to 58.5%. Every year we look to balance growth, investment and profitability. Accordingly, we expect 2021 operating margins of 28% to 29%, based on a combination of growth investments, normalization of COVID related cost actions, and disciplined expense controls. Moving now below the operating income line. Other key assumptions from a full year guidance are net interest expense of $35 million to $38 million, a full year tax rate of between 15% and 16%, which includes our new five-year tax agreement with Singapore that will expire in March 2026, a restart of our share repurchase program in 2021, that will result in an average diluted 2021 share count of 61 million to 61.5 million shares outstanding. Over the course of the year, we will evaluate share repurchase programs and provide quarterly updates as appropriate. Moving all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2021 earnings per fully diluted share are projected in the range of $9.32 to $9.57, which assumes a positive currency impact on full year earnings per share growth of approximately 3 percentage points. Looking at the first quarter of 2021, we expect constant currency sales growth to be 7% to 10%. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to increase first quarter sales growth by approximately 3 percentage points. First quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $1.50 to $1.60. At current rates the positive currency impact on first quarter earnings per share growth is expected to be approximately 15 percentage points. Now I would like to turn it back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Mike. In summary, we're pleased with our resilience in the second half of 2020 and the strong finish to the year, which is a true testament to the determination of this team. Though the environment remains variable, pharma markets have shown resilience and our transformation program is already demonstrating results and contributing to growth. Despite the challenging environment, the progress we've made as an organization over the last five months is nothing short of extraordinary. I remain ever more confident in the team, our portfolio and our market position. There remains a lot of work to do, but we have a tremendous opportunity in front of us to turn the business around. With that, we will begin the Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey congrats on a good [indiscernible] year Udit. I guess when you look at the revenue guidance here, which shed the color on COVID [indiscernible]. I guess on a go forward basis when you think about some of the growth initiatives you guys were making, is Waters now 5% or 7% maybe perhaps you can talk about what the medium term outlook for the company?
Udit Batra: Thank you. Thank you, Vijay. And first let me say I'm super pleased with how we've finished the year. Looking ahead, I think we've guided I think more prudently than not. I think we have, I would say, we expect - the basis of the guidance for the full year which is about 5% to 8% is continuing strength in pharma. And there are three factors, if they go better would tend towards the higher end of the guidance, both in short and the mid-term; first, recovery of the other markets beyond pharma. Second, continuing tailwind from COVID-19 programs where we've seen our par expecting. And third, even more stronger contribution from our turnaround program. So I think I would simply say the guidance is prudent and we see several triggers that should allow us to get on the higher end, if they turn in the right direction.
Vijay Kumar: Got you and one last quick follow up on margins, I know there's been some debate if you will on the margin reset for the company. I guess when you look at the, and correct me if I'm wrong, I think I heard 28% to 29% margins for fiscal 2021, is that's the new base and should Waters be expanding margins off of the new base?
Udit Batra: So Vijay I think, I think you've been looking at it probably much too closely. It's actually rather simple. The cost actions that we have taken in 2020 come back into the base and then that should allow us to go from there further on. But Mike, did you want to provide more color on that?
Michael Silveira: Sure, I could. So definitely our operating margins are being impacted by the normalization of those cost options that were put in place in the second quarter. As a result of that, the COVID-19 pandemic these costs were temporary, and they included furloughs and salary reductions, but they have been restored already and we're already seeing that benefit in the sales growth. So, it will put a drag on our 2021 operating margins, but as we return to growth and we return to more of a historical, geographic and product mix in future, we believe that our margins will get back to those historical levels and maybe we will expand if we can get a higher level of our guidance.
Vijay Kumar: Fantastic guys. Thanks again on a nice print [ph] year.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Vijay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America, your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hey, good morning, couple of questions. I guess the first one, could you talk a little bit more about the LC cycle, and some of the benefits of premier? And specifically, I'm also just curious about what if your pharma and installed base is Alliance versus your various ACQUITY generations, and what's actually, potentially amenable to upgrade? I just maybe just trying to get some sense about where you are in the process of a potential replacement cycle in the scheme of things here?
Udit Batra: Sure, some, in fact look, the LC replacement initiative, the one that I introduced in the call earlier, is off to a wonderful start. If you look at the HPLC to UPLC mix of our installed bases, I would say roughly 53% to 47% HPLC to UPLC. And in terms of dimensionalizing it, remember we talked about Alliance in particular instruments that are now on limited service, assuming there are about 8000 or so of them we expect 10% to 15% of those to be replaced. The initiative in itself is off to an excellent start. I mean, we've contacted over 60% of those customers already, received rather positive feedback. And I would say a couple of facts; one, Arc HPLC is of course helping quite a bit in the replacement, but what we've seen in Q4 is the highest win loss ratio that we've seen in over three years for our LC instruments. So this bodes well for the initiative and we're seeing rather positive uptake. Second, you asked a question on premier, we launched our premier columns in Q4. These are especially designed for molecules that have affinity for metals, and we've designed a non-absorptive surface which increases the efficiency of the separation. And if you'd say, well what is the application, the application is actually squarely targeted towards larger molecules and oligonucleotides, and the uptake has been excellent. And I would say it's even, it will get even more interesting when we take the technology and implement it across our UPLC instruments such as ACQUITY premiere, and that's set to launch on February 10. The pre-market works have been very, very good and I expect that to do just as well. So, I hope that gives you more clarity on LC, and also on premier.
Derik De Bruin: Yes, no, I appreciate the detail and I mean it is very helpful. And just how should we think about the tax rate sort of beyond 2021?
Udit Batra: Mike?
Michael Silveira: Regarding to the 15% to 16%, we've obviously -- I mentioned that we actually have a new agreement in force so that will help maintain our current tax profile between 15% and 16%, but obviously with all the new tax legislations that could possibly come down the pike it would maybe a different story. We are looking at it. Obviously there's a rate increase from 21% in the U.S. to 27%. We estimate that the impact would be about a 1% increase in the future to our tax rate overall worldwide if that were to happen with that legislation in place.
Derik De Bruin: Great, thank you very much. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Udit, I think, one of the questions we're all going to get is just on the sustainability of the instrument strength, in particular the LC strength, especially after last quarter you expected a moderation in the fourth quarter because you had talked about CapEx spending in 3Q. It sounds like you mentioned normal budget plus for kind of planned spending and the LC replacement initiative is a big driver. So why should we expect a moderation going forward on the instrument side if you're in early innings of the LC replacement cycle?
Udit Batra: Yes look Tyscho, we are being prudent with what we are guiding at this stage, right? I mean, so if you just look at the, or let me start with the overall commentary and then I'll comment more on LC and the instrument replacement and the other initiatives in particular. Look, if you just look at how we've guided, we say look towards the end of the year we should and Waters has as you know underperformed in the last few years, we would want to reach market growth of above in the next 12 to 18 months and these initiatives will help us. Right? So if I just now break it down, if our initiatives do better than planned, if other end markets recover and we continue to see COVID tailwind, we believe that we will be on the higher end of the guide, and that should set us up very nicely for the future. As far as the LC instrument replacement cycle is concerned, we're in the early stages of the innings. I mean it's a good start, but it's a start all the same. I don't want us to get overconfident with one data point. I believe the execution is very good. We have a good feedback from our customers. I do believe, especially with Arc HPLC the launch of premier we will continue to see strength in LC, but I would still want to remain prudent. So as I said, it's one data point, it's a good data point, but I would not want to extrapolate just based on one data point at this stage.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then one other question we've gotten is a lot of the turnaround plan is on kind of a refocused selling effort, whether it's penetrating CLOs or pushing more of an attach rate or trying to drive the replacement cycles you alluded to. The feedback in the market over the last couple of years is your competitors are selling better products cheaper. Now you highlighted the ACQUITY premier, Arc and BioAccord. I'm just curious if you still think there's an innovation gap in the market or how you feel about the current suite of instruments as it stands today versus competition?
Udit Batra: Yes, I think let's take it across the portfolio. Right? So I've had a chance to examine the portfolio. I would say again, if you remember the turnaround plan was the first focus is on the short term commercial momentum. I think you would agree that that gives us freedom to act. Then we get our processes and systems right and then we focus on the portfolio. So there will be more to say about the portfolio in the future, but the current assessment suggests the following. First, if you just look at the instrument portfolio, our mass spec portfolio has been completely refreshed with five new launches in 2019 alone, and we've talked a lot about BioAccord, but also our Tandem Quad portfolio with the Xevo line has done quite well, especially if you look at the uptake for traditional Chinese medicine in China and small molecule organic testing with that portfolio. So the mass spec portfolio, both on tandem quad and high res I feel good about. Of course there's always more to do, but it's a very, very good start. And if I move to LC, we talked a bit about HPLC and premier, both are significant steps forward for our portfolio. And as I mentioned earlier, we are thinking of how to re-imagine the LC instrument, especially in the QA/QC space and there'll be more to say about that in the next few years, that programs went under okay. If I move on to the consumer goods side, both for small and large molecule pharma, our portfolio is very well set. I won't speak much about the small molecule. I think that is well understood. But on the large molecule side our ACQUITY columns in particular have been designed for large molecules and these were for proteins, for peptides, for oligos, and now with the launch of premier that even strengthens the position further. So across the portfolio on the instrument side, on the consumable side, and with service we continue to look for better options. I believe we're doing, we've done a lot. We're doing a fair bit to continue to refresh the portfolio. And going forward, I mean there are of course, there are of course things to do to enhance the portfolio, but I don't feel for a second that we are disadvantaged versus competition in the market. So, I think for the short term, I believe with the hand that we have we can fight pretty well.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, that's helpful. One quick one before I hop off, just on the share repurchase, I'm curious as to the kind of the thought process there Waters has been criticized in the past for buying back a lot of stock, especially as revenues are going along the way, I don't think you'd be penalized for reinvesting more. So just talk about that trade-off between people interested in maybe investing more. So just talk about that tradeoff between, big purchases and maybe investing more in business.
Udit Batra: Yes, look, I mean, we and I would let my comment a bit more in a minute. But at the height at the high level, we've we don't feel that there is any limitation for us to invest. Look, I mean, we just want to take it one step at a time. I mean, Waters has industry leading margins, have superb cash flow. So there is incredible flexibility to invest. We simply want to make sure that we do it in the right way and in the right areas. Right? And again, coming back to the transformation program, the first focus is to get the sales momentum back which were off to a good start. I mean, one or two data points don't make a trend, so we'll keep at it. We'll focus on the processes and the systems. And then there'll be enough time to think about enhancing the portfolio, both organically and in organically. So there is no limitation on that front. As far as the share repurchase program is concerned, it's part of our overall capital allocation philosophy. It is a lever, but don't assume that, that's the only lever we have. Mike, do you want to comment on the priorities for a minute?
Michael Silveira: Sure, I would just add that we do have a strong flexible balance sheet, but we also generate a ton of free cash flow. Certainly, we generate about 25% of each sales dollar that gets converted into free cash flow. But we can use that and obviously our debt capacity to both invest in growth, both organically and inorganically, but we can also return value to shareholders. We have -- our share repurchase program over the course of the years has been very beneficial to our shareholders. We bought back -- it's been in place for about 18 years now and we bought back close to $9 billion. So as we move forward through this year, certainly, we're still in a pandemic here and we'll evaluate how much and when we actually will buy during the course of the year. But again, it's about being flexible and we believe we do have that flexibility and strength to do a couple of different things with respect to capital.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Douglas Schenkel: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Udit, in recent discussions you acknowledged that Waters, over the last several quarters has in certain instances been losing market share. And we've talked about this being a function of strong competitors really targeting Waters for a long time and finally make some, making some progress, especially in disrupting typical replacement cycles, where you would kind of have the home field advantage in placing a replacement box. I'm just wondering, where do you think you are in the process of taking steps to reverse these trends? How much investment and time is required pursuant to the reversal? And then keeping in mind that it was a pretty strong quarter, should we put much weight on Q4 results in the context of assessing your progress with these efforts?.
Udit Batra: Thanks. Thanks, Doug. Look, it's a good quarter. It's a strong start to our initiatives, and especially the LC initiative, which we've talked about a fair bit. The basic assumption is and as you mentioned, is that there is a replacement cycle and replacement cycle of our instruments in the past as I mean, we knew about it, and we've been at it for a while. But I think the focus that we have now and you'd say well, what are you doing differently? I think what we're doing differently from the past, which starts to show, starts to pay dividends is that we're using we know exactly where these instruments are. We've taken a look at the database. We've targeted our reps to those exact channels, to those exact customers and in addition, armed with Arc, Arc HPLC has a new product in addition to our value proposition with Premier, we feel our full portfolio with the LC, with Premier, with our service offering, is off to a good start in this replacement cycle. I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves and I won't speculate too much on the future, but this data point looks good and leading indicators in terms of orders also look rather good. Now in terms of how you should think about it, in the future, I think I'd rather share the fact after we're done rather than speculating, but all I can say is the data points we have at this point in time look positive, both in terms of how the customers are receiving our value proposition and how they're targeting the customer. So I mean, in general I will remind you that Waters is an LC company, right? Any time we do something on LC, our whole team, our sales team, our service team gets super enthusiastic and we're seeing some of that in the results. So I’ll stop there and of course happy to answer any follow ups.
Douglas Schenkel: Okay, that was super helpful Udit, thank you for that. And then I guess this has kind of been touched on in some of the earlier questions, but I still think it's worth revisiting. If we just think about what we've heard, in terms of some of the early updates from some of the other larger tools companies, they are significantly accelerating investment in the current environment, essentially taking the COVID-19 related windfalls and reinvesting a lot of that cash flow into growth initiatives. In response to that, do you see the need to increase investment to essentially help maintain your competitive position kind of building off of the last question? Or, do you think that's not necessary and not something that drove you to kind of be reactionary in terms of how you looked at your investment plan for 2021?
Udit Batra: Thanks Doug. Again, a very perceptive question and look at from your view, you somehow answered your question in the last comment. I mean, we will not be reactionary to anything. I think, R&D and having been a researcher myself for a good part of my career, I mean, we want to focus on fundamentals. We want to focus on technology development and Waters is a technology oriented company, so we will stay true to the problem solving that we have to do. Now to some facts. If you look at the R&D productivity in recent times, the mass spec portfolio has been completely renewed, both on the high res side as well as on the tandem quad side. And to provide you more color on the tandem quads we're seeing very good uptake of those. In particular, as I mentioned earlier, in China we wanted to continue to work on our software on those tandem quads to even increase the uptake in Pharma DMPK sort of areas as well. So I feel we have done a good job in refreshing the mass spec portfolio and we also know what we need to get done specifically, and we are funding those programs very well, especially on the informatics side for mass spec. BioAccord is another case in point. I mean, as you know, QA/QC -- LC-MS and QA/QC is somehow the holy grail in the industry to be able to take large molecules to the same place where small molecules are in release testing. And we have a robust and reliable instrument in BioAccord, which is starting to see very good uptake. And we have a really clear roadmap in increasing applications and improving the software on that front as well and that's very well funded. If I now turn to the LC side, I mean we've redoubled that effort on that front, both on the commercial side, but also on the R&D side and it's a question of turning our dollars to the right programs, and there on the consumables, in particular, with the launch of Premier has been received very well in the market. We're expanding that technology into our full instrument space and that should be, that is something that the market is I think looking forward to have a non-absorptive surface for full instruments. And there again, there is a strong effort on the software side as well to take Empower into the cloud and expand the applications there. And then finally, if I turn to the service side, there we are always looking at better value propositions. And here, it's not necessarily a product based innovation, but it's a service based innovation. Many of our customers are asking us for more flexible value propositions especially when it comes to, I would say almost on a la carte cart service, if based on the utilization, and we are offering those value propositions as well. So I've gone on long, but just to give you a flavor that the R&D programs are based on specifics and not what appears to be popular and we will not be shy in increasing that funding and you'll hear more about that as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dan Arias from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Daniel Arias: Good morning guys, thank you. Udit on the specialty selling efforts that you've kind of honed in on as a need? Can you just sort of share some thoughts on how we should think about the scale and the magnitude of that push? I mean is there a percentage of reps or users who from now that we might be thinking about is as focused on either a particular product or a particular application?
Udit Batra: Sure. I use that as an example, as an example Dan when we were talking about BioAccord in particular. Right? I mean, products that require a deeper explanation, products that could benefit from our customers, our customers being coached on how to use it, how to develop methods on them. And for BioAccord in particular, and I'll just use that as an example, that's off to an excellent start. Right? So we have done specialty reps and we've created a specialty reps team and turned them towards specific customers, especially ones with large molecule and oligonucleotide applications. And they've gone in and developed methods for these customers. And in many cases, we have follow on orders as well. And to just come back to the facts, I mean, for BioAccord Q4 was the best quarter since its launch by several fold. So we think this approach is working. Now in terms of what fraction of the total field force is specialty versus generalist, look most of our reps have a technical training. And the reasons Waters has been successful in the market for so long is because of our because of our technical capabilities and how we are able to partner with our customers. And now, we basically trained a few of them on specific methods. I would say we will continue to expand it. If it works more, we'll continue to expand that specialty field force for more complex applications and BioAccord is just a start. I hope that gives you a bit more clarity. I don't want to quantify the fraction of field force that have done specialty. We will basically it's a pilot that seems to be showing results and will continue to expand as there are larger number of customers and targets.
Daniel Arias: Yep. Okay, that's helpful. Okay and then maybe just one on margins as it relates to product mix. When you look at the collective gross margin profile for this last tranche of new products that's been developed, BioAccord, Cyclic IMS, SYNAPT XS, Arc HPLC, is there a different profile attached to that in aggregate relative to the rest of the portfolio, such that if you guys are successful, and we do see some new product acceleration there, we should think of that as a mix factor that works in your favor. And then along those lines, you have mentioned that there are some other new things that you have in the hopper, is there a conscious effort to design and add things to the portfolio that are at a higher level of profitability than, say the credit sensor platforms? Thanks.
Udit Batra: Excellent, excellent questions. I mean, I'll give you a general answer to your second question and then let Mike give you a bit of specifics on how we're seeing the margin evolution. In general, look a simple way to think about it is, consumables and recurring revenues have a bit of a higher margin than instruments. And over time instruments as the demand rises, you can see more leverage in the P&L and you have higher units. So hence you start to see better and better margins over time. So you start-off with a slightly lower margin with instruments and that goes up over time. And with consumables informatics, you already see a nice starting point. And so launch of Premier, more informatics solutions, better service, definitely gave a lift and instruments at the beginning might start off at a lower starting point, but then would go up rather rapidly as the demand goes up and we're seeing that already in many of our platforms. So Mike, do you want to comment a bit more on the margins and the evolution, especially on the gross margins?
Michael Silveira: Sure. Well, what I will add is that obviously, when the new product gets introduced, we don't have the advantage of taking costs out. So over time, over the next couple of years after a product is introduced, we're typically able to lower the cost to produce the product, which will help the margin significantly. Also, obviously, the more units that, we did alluded to that we push through the plant will also help margins. So the combination of those two generally improves, especially on the instrument side, as we move out from one to two years after we launch.
Udit Batra: But in general, I mean, just to expound on your question earlier and give you something specific, in general, it's a good assumption that we are introducing products that have a higher margin profile than we have in the past. I think that's a reasonable assumption.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Stephen Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Stephen Willoughby: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a couple, maybe just one or two starting for Mike. Mike, I just want to double check that we heard you correctly as it relates to some of the guidance for the first quarter. Did you say that you expect a 15% benefit to EPS from FX in the first quarter?
Michael Silveira: 15%.
Stephen Willoughby: Wow, okay. And then I guess…
Michael Silveira: Sorry, so to expand upon that, the number is very small, so power to dominate a little bit, so that's the - pressure to be impacted.
Stephen Willoughby: Okay, very good, thank you. Just Udit, two questions for you, then as it relates to sort of looking forward. One, how are you thinking about instrument growth versus, recurring growth in 2021? And maybe if you, if there's any comments on the strong 14% chemicals growth you saw in the fourth quarter, if that was, how sustainable that sort of growth is? And then the second question is just, you previously have made some comments about yourself seeing some of the largest orders in company history here recently. I was just wondering if you could provide any more color on, if that was something you think is a change or sustainable or it just happened to be kind of a one off here in the most recent couple of months?
Udit Batra: Stephen, good afternoon. Thank you for both of those questions. First, on instrument growth versus recurring, you saw in the fourth quarter that recurring revenues were double digits, instruments were mid single digits. And I think, going forward also, I mean, if you just think through what we are thinking, what we are hoping to see in the future, I mean, we expect that pharma continues, and you should see a similar sort of mix going forward as well. If Pharma continues its trend and as other end markets recover, we expect a bit of upside to it. And if you just turn a bit towards, I think, rather than giving you ratios, let me give you a bit of specifics on how one could think about it. If you just take off, I think of applications in pharma for both small and large molecules, and let me just give you a bit of the portfolio that goes towards that. Right? So small molecules, I mean, as that rises, especially as generics consumption, and products for COVID, especially therapeutics, small molecule therapeutics rise, we see our LC portfolio with Arc HPLC in particular, going up. Then if you turn to large molecules, you can start with consumables and then the reason I'm giving you the specifics is, just to give you color that on both fronts there is reason to believe that that we should see some optimistic development. And on the consumable side for large molecules first, I mean, our ACQUITY columns for UPLC have been designed in particular for large molecules. This starts with proteins, with peptides, glycans and also oligos. The Premier getting launched first as a column, the technologies is has got very good traction, especially for oligonucleotide applications and now it goes into the instrument space. So it's rather broad based, if I just take the LC example, both on the UPLC side and the HPLC side. And from our spec, as you already know, BioAccord and QDa have done pretty well for large molecule applications in Q4, so very, very broad based. I would not speculate on one or the other, but I would say, Q4 gives you a good indication of what we should see even going forward, if not better. Now, in terms of large orders, and to give you give you color on my comment on large orders. Previously, you see with the LC replacement initiatives we've had some customers come in and asked us to replace their full fleet. And that has resulted in some of the largest orders and this is why I'm rather optimistic about this initiative. So that gives you more color. On the chemicals piece, I'm not sure what you're referring to the 14%. So I don't know Mike, if you have any comments on that I don't know what that is referring to the chemicals go to 14%.
Michael Silveira: I'm not sure either. Sorry?
Udit Batra: Steve, I hope that gives you color.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from Puneet Souda from SVB Leerink. Your line is now open.
Puneet Souda: Yes, hi. Thanks Udit and first of all, congratulations. This is an impressive quarter and thanks for all the work that you've put in these few months here. So first one based on what you were saying here and correct me if I'm wrong, it appears to me that the China Pharma recurring revenue sales and especially columns and small molecules. And then services grew very strongly in the quarter. Obviously, you highlighted the growth in China. So wondering what has changed in your approach in China in terms of commercial execution or is it largely market driven growth that we are seeing from across the peers as well. So correct me if I'm wrong on any of those assumptions as to what I'm seeing. And in that light also were there any incentives in the fourth quarter that drove this growth in that geography?
Udit Batra: So thanks for your question Puneet on China. Look, I mean they are extremely happy with the quarter. I mean, it grew slightly shy of 20% after I would say a very difficult first half of the year. And so we're very happy with the momentum. And largely led by pharma, both on the small molecule and large molecule side, and a very broad based growth across the portfolio, across instruments, both mass spec as well as LC consumables and service, especially recurring revenues did the trooper well in especially in the Pharma segment, so I feel really good about that. In terms of changes, I mean, it goes back to what we talked about earlier, really focusing the field on what matters. And as I mentioned earlier, as soon as we utter the words, LC at Waters, we have a genuine enthusiasm across the organization. And we have not just a portfolio, but our service teams are state of the art. So I think having the organization focused on LC, giving them Arc HPLC as a new product, and it was especially designed for China, in particular, right. So giving them Arc HPLC and Premier, to go out and have these conversations with the LC customers has been a terrific initiative. Secondly, I'd also mentioned our CXO [ph] contract testing and contract research organization initiative, that's also done rather well in China, our team has gone out to meet contract manufacturers, we've increased our penetration in contract testing organizations in the food segment. It's again, one data point, but it's a good data point. And I'm reluctant to start extrapolating too much. But it's a good data point, that gives us confidence that activity is at a higher level. Now, as far as incentives are concerned, they're no different than they have been in the past. It's just a question of focus, but giving the team's new products, giving them clarity on which customers to go after and working with them to succeed, I think are the key success factors, I would point to
Bryan Brokmeier: And operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Dan Brennan from UBS. Your line is now open.
Daniel Brennan: Great, thank you. Thanks for that. Thanks for taking the question. I kind of hopped on late, but I was hoping. I know you spoke a lot about Asia and China, but I was hoping to dig in a little bit more there. If you don't mind could you just kind of break apart kind of China? Because there was a lot going on in the last couple years for what is there particularly on the food and the pharma side, which and I know you've addressed that a little bit, but can you just walk us through a little bit, how you think about the opportunity going forward for Waters in China may be somewhat of a strategic initiatives that you all have ongoing? I know you're talking about a bigger portion of the contract, research organization, but I'm just wondering if you can kind of maybe peel the onion a bit more on China for us.
Udit Batra: Sure. Dan, very good question and China, look we talked a bit about in the past, about what had caused the slowdown, right. I mean, the slowdown was led by the food segment, but also a bit of a slowdown in pharma and our focus on pharma. So I again, let me break it down a bit across the different initiatives in big Pharma. We expect our focus with LC, with Arc HPLC, with the launch of Arc HPLC and Premier and the replacement initiative should give us good tailwinds in pharma going forward. Second, for the food segment, we have really focused on expanding our coverage for the contract testing organizations. You remember, I mentioned we were a little bit late in following that trend. The team has gone and reached out to each and every one of those customers. And not only we have to make sure that our value propositions work before we start to see meaningful growth in that area. And then across clinical China is one of those markets that in the past we were very well in that segment. I mean, this year, we've seen some headwinds especially due to the diversion towards COVID-19 testing. So I expect that to come back. So across the board, we see some good opportunities in China now talking at a bit of a higher level in the pharma industry in China. You - if you look at the latest five year plan, it calls for having roughly 45% or so of the production for biopharmaceuticals occurring locally in China for China use and today that number is around 20 between 20% and 25%. So there's a commitment in the Chinese government and the Chinese economy to increase pharma consumption. So if you feel rather well placed with our portfolio with our commercial focus to go after the opportunity in pharma as well as in food. And from a portfolio perspective Arc HPLC was specifically designed for the Chinese LC market. Our tandem quad portfolio is doing rather well for traditional Chinese medicine and food testing and environmental testing in China. So I feel very good from a portfolio perspective and from a commercial perspective on the basis set. But it's as I said, it's a good start. It's a start all the same. So we're a bit prudent about what we want, what we want to see in the future.
Operator: And that was the final question.
Udit Batra: Thank you very much. So as we conclude, thank you all for joining today. I want to thank our team for doing such a stellar job in the first, in the fourth quarter and we’re looking forward to continuing the effort and the strength as we as we go forward, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters and we look forward to updating you on our progress on Q1 in the Q1, 2021 call. This is currently anticipated on May 5, 2021. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn over the call to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier. Sir, you may begin.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide commentary on potential market and business conditions the company anticipates for the fourth quarter and full year 2020. We caution you that all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 in Part I under the caption Risk Factors, and in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 27, 2020 in Part I under the caption Risk Factors, both of which are on file with the SEC, as well as the cautionary language included in this morning's press release, including with respect to risks related to the effects of COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We further caution you that the company does not intend to update any of its predictions or projections except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts, or as otherwise required by law. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for February 2, 2021. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and available on the company's website. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled, Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted Non-GAAP Financials, included in this morning's press release. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results, increasing or decreasing, are in comparison to the third quarter of fiscal year 2019. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Dr. Udit Batra, Water's President and CEO. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin with the content, let me say I'm honored and thankful for the opportunity to lead Waters and work with such a talented and dedicated team. It has been a very busy eight weeks. Along with Bryan, our CFO, Sherry Buck, is joining me in today's call. During the call, I will provide a brief overview of our third quarter operating results and then share some of my early impressions of the company and the opportunities that I see. Sherry will then review our financial results in detail and provide comments on our fourth quarter financial outlook. We will then open up the phone to take your questions. Let's start with the third quarter. Our teams have worked tirelessly during the pandemic to stay close to our customers. We've seen a cautious, return to work by our customers, and this has reflected in our results. After a steep decline in the second quarter, third quarter sales were up 2% year-over-year on a constant currency basis and adjusted earnings per share grew 1%. First, from a customer perspective, our largest segment, pharma, was the primary growth driver in the quarter, with 4% organic growth, followed by industrial, which grew 3% and academic and government, which declined 7%. From a product perspective, our Waters branded products and services grew 3% organically, while TA declined by 8% on a constant currency basis. Improving access to labs, especially in pharma, continue to help drive growth in the recurring revenues. Services grew 4%, while consumables business grew approximately 7% organically, driven largely by pharma. Consumables remain a growth area for us. In fact, earlier this month, we introduced our ACQUITY premier columns, which reduced variability, risks and safe time when analyzing metal loving analytes ranging from oligonucleotides, peptides, glycans and phospholipids. The chemistry on the surface reduces unwanted analytes to surface interactions to produce real improvements in sensitivity, peak shape and recovery. The third quarter was strong for our mass spec systems with double-digit growth. We were encouraged by the demand of our high-resolution mass spec systems in pharma and biomedical research, particularly in the US and Europe, and the demand for our Tandem Quad systems in food safety in China. BioAccord also grew nicely in the quarter. However, it still does not represent a material portion of our revenue. With its simplicity and dedicated workflows in Peptide Mapping, glycan analysis, intact mass and oligonucleotide analysis, we believe it is the right instrument to bring LC-MS into the manufacturing in QA/QC space. I have spent time with several of our customers who are using BioAccord instruments and many of them highlighted its ease of use and a robust feature set that can be utilized across multiple lab applications. So I think BioAccord has a good future, but I also think it will take longer than originally anticipated to significantly impact our core growth. This is a dynamic Waters has seen with prior new product launches, such as Acuity, which took almost four years to reach its peak sales. LC instruments also saw a better quarter after double-digit declines in the first half of the year, with a modest decline in Q3. Some of this improvement can be directly attributed to Arc HPLC, which was launched in June. Finally, to TA, revenues continue to decline in the high single digits, due to constrained capital spending at our industrial customers. Pharma and electronics revenue saw a nice double-digit increase, but this was not enough to offset the industrial declines. Turning to our key geographies. Both the Americas and Europe grew mid-single digits, while Asia was flat. In the US, the growth was driven by pharma, food and academia, partially offset by declines in material science and clinical. We saw especially strong engage with customers who are assisting the fight against the pandemic. Latin America remained soft, mostly due to the continued impact of closures due to COVID-19. Europe also experienced a recovery with mid-single-digit growth, largely driven by biologics, CROs and generics, including strong growth at large pharma accounts. After very significant declines in the first half, China grew at low single digits, driven by an acceleration in food and pharma, as well as strength in TA instruments, driven by investments in 5G networks across the country. This was partially offset by continued weakness in academia and government. India also recovered with double-digit growth. The third quarter benefited from some catch-up of revenues, which was delayed from the first half of the year and looking ahead, while customer activity and access are improving, we remain cautious. We continue to face variability in our end markets and macroeconomic concerns tied to COVID-19, and academic customers - customer trends remain depressed. Moreover, we are uncertain on the level of capital spending in the fourth quarter, particularly by our pharma and industrial customers. Now let me share with you some of my early thoughts on the company. As the formal researcher who has used Waters products in the lab as an engineer who has modified rheometers and DSCs and as a former customer, my - I believe my 25 year experience at pharma and tools has prepared me well to work with my colleagues to transform Waters. Indeed, it is a transformation to return a champion to where it belongs. Since the announcement in mid-July, I spent most of my time listening and learning. I met with investors and shareholders, including many of you, talked with and visited customers, read and research and conducted many deep dives with my colleagues around the globe. My learning is far from done. But today, I can share with you the ideas that resulted from this deep transparency phase. First, Waters has built a solid foundation with exposure to a number of attractive end markets. Second, despite this strong foundation, our momentum has stalled in the last few years. Third and finally, we are already developing a transformation plan with tangible short-term actions. Let's take each of these in turn. First, we have a solid foundation in attractive markets, our largest end market pharma benefiting from growth of biologics and continued development of novel modalities. Moreover, our strong base in small molecules, which represents approximately 75% to 80% of pharmaceutical industry sales, will benefit from the growth of CROs, oligonucleotide and mRNA therapeutics, as well as the increasing potential for repatriation of small molecule manufacturing. We have a global footprint with 25% of our sales coming from China and India. We have a solid base in these markets that is characterized by trusted brands, deep customer relationships and a culture that is rooted in science and engineering. In my customer meetings, Waters' employees are acutely aware of the issues facing our customers and are so tightly integrated with them that I often had a tough time distinguishing between our employees and that of our customers. Finally, as we look to strengthen to further strengthen this space, our high margin and free cash flow gives us the flexibility to continue to invest. Second, despite this strong foundation, we have underperformed both our historical growth and that of the market for the last few years. Our performance has trailed the market in LC, mass spec and thermal analysis. We were slow to respond to the transition of food testing from government labs to contract testing labs in China. Our product launches have not met expectations that we set. BioAccord, while the product that clearly meets the need, has been slower on the uptake than anticipated. Our culture is one that appreciates deep scientific insights, but one that has lacked focus and urgency. Strategically, the focus of our - strategically, the focus on our portfolio on LC, LC-MS and thermal analysis has limited our ability to keep up with emerging trends like bioprocessing, contract manufacturing and testing or diagnostics. This is evident in our lack of exposure to tailwinds from COVID-19 as compared to some of our peers. Third, so where to from here. While we are still continuing an in-depth analysis and developing our transformation strategy, some teams are already emerging. And let me break these into three. First, in the near-term, we are focused on making changes to regain commercial momentum. Second, in the mid-term, the focus is on the pipeline and organic growth with intense focus [ph] and urgency. And finally, as we strengthen our organic growth, we will start to examining strategic investments. Let me give you some concrete examples on it in the near term. First, we are squarely focused on regaining our footing in LC instrumentation. For instance, we have identified all the units in both our installed base and in the larger empower network and implemented a specific program to upgrade and replace older systems with Waters HPLC instrument portfolio, including with the new Arc HPLC. For example, there are thousands of Alliance systems in service that are more than 20 years old and in need of an upgrade. Second, approximately 20% of our consumable sales go through the e-commerce channel. For many of our competitors, this number is over 50%. In the near term, we are implementing actions to increase traffic to this channel, such as increasing paid search and improving search engine optimization. Third, our penetration in CRO channel trails our competition. We will increase our commercial presence to penetrate this growing channel at a level that better aligns with our peers. Fourth, as I mentioned earlier, we still have a lot of faith in the success of BioAccord. Customers in QA/QC are conservative, and we need to spend a lot more time developing methods in collaboration with them and further developing enterprise level software to help them deploy system seamlessly. As you can see, there are near term actions that are backed by detailed targets and KPIs. However, I want to be clear, these changes will take time and will not significantly impact our results overnight, especially as we implement these initiatives amid the background of COVID-19. However, I can assure you the team is very engaged and have seen an impressive increase in drive and ambition in the eight weeks that I've been here. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of the third quarter financials. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Udit. And good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we recorded net sales of $594 million, an increase of approximately 2% in constant currency. Currency translation increased sales growth by approximately 1% resulting in sales growth of 3% as reported. In the quarter, sales into our pharmaceutical market increased 4%, sales into our industrial market increased 3%, while academic and governmental markets declined 7%. Looking at our product line growth, our recurring revenue, which represents the combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue, increased by 5% in the quarter, while instrument sales declined 1%. As we noted last quarter, there was no year-over-year difference in the number of calendar days during the third quarter. Chemistry revenues were up 7% in the third quarter, driven by strong pharma market growth. On the service side of our business, revenues were up 4%, as on-demand service bounced back to mid single-digit growth, along with continued growth in service plan revenues within the Waters product line. Breaking third quarter product sales down further, sales related to Waters branded products and services grew 3%, while sales of TA branded products and services declined 8%. Combined LC instrument platform sales and LC-MS instrument platform sales were flat, and TA's instrumentation system sales declined 10%. Looking at our growth rates in the third quarter geographically, and on a constant currency basis, sales in Asia were flat, with China up 3%; sales in the Americas grew 2%, with US growing 5%; and European sales grew 5%. Before I comment on our third quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year, I'd like to update you on the progress of our cost actions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We are on track to achieve cost savings of approximately $100 million for the year relative to our pre-COVID internal plan. We achieved approximately 25% of our planned annual savings in the third quarter, bringing our year-to-date savings against our internal plan to 85%, with the majority recognized in the second quarter. We expect to realize the remaining 15% in the fourth quarter. Returning to our third quarter non-GAAP financial performance, gross margin for the quarter was 55.8% compared to 58.2% in the third quarter of 2019, primarily as a result of unfavorable FX, as well as fixed cost absorption and sales mix. Moving down the third quarter P&L. Operating expenses increased by approximately 1% on a constant currency basis, and foreign currency translation increased operating expense growth by approximately 2% on a reported basis. The increase was primarily attributable to the timing of variable cost in the prior year quarter and FX. In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was 15.8%, which was about flat for the prior year. Net interest expense was $7 million, a decrease of about $1 million. Our average share count came in at 62.3 million shares, a share count reduction of approximately 7% or about 4 million shares lower than in the third quarter of last year, as a result of shares repurchased through the end of the first quarter of 2020, subsequent to which we paused the subsequent to which we paused the share repurchase program. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the third quarter increased to $2.16 in comparison to $2.13 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share decreased to $2.03, compared to $2.07 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet, I'd like to summarize our third quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the third quarter of 2020, free cash flow grew 53% year-over-year to $190 million after funding $28 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $7 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operation and a $38 million transition tax payment related to 2017 U.S. tax reform. In the third quarter, this resulted in $0.32 of each dollar of sales converted into free cash flow and $0.31 year-to-date. Our increased free cash flow is primarily a result of our cost savings actions and improvements in our cash conversion cycle. We continue to make good progress on our working capital improvement plan. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding came in at 76 days this quarter, down four days compared to the third quarter of last year, and down 11 days from the second quarter. Inventories decreased by $42 million in comparison to the prior year quarter, reflecting stronger revenue growth and revised production schedules. Waters maintains a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and a well-structured debt maturity profile. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $397 million and debt of $1.6 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. This resulted in a net debt position of $1.2 billion and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1.6 times at the end of the third quarter. We also have $1.2 billion available on our bank revolver for total available liquidity of $1.6 billion at the end of third quarter. Our capital deployment priorities remain consistent: invest for growth; balance sheet strength and flexibility; and return of capital to shareholders. We remain committed to deploying capital against these priorities. Our future capital structure target of approximately 2.5 times net debt-to-EBITDA remains unchanged. While our near-term focus is maintaining financial flexibility in light of variability in the macro environment. While our share repurchase program is paused during the fourth quarter, it still remains an important part of our capital deployment priorities. We will provide an update on our capital deployment plans during our Q4 earnings call in February of 2021. Lastly, I would like to make a few comments on our outlook. Market conditions remain variable, largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, we are not in a position to provide detailed guidance. However, I'd like to provide you with color on how we're viewing market conditions in the fourth quarter. We assume similar levels of customer access, as we saw in the third quarter, which reflects the challenging macro environment. Our outlook does not anticipate a return to lockdown seen earlier in the year at the height of pandemic. And in addition, we believe that some delayed purchases from the first half of the year were realized during the third quarter, and there is limited visibility in future end capital budgeting plans for both pharma and industrial customers in the fourth quarter. In light of these dynamics, we anticipate that fourth quarter revenue on a constant currency basis will most likely decline at a low to mid single-digit rate. In addition, I'd like to provide a few other assumptions that will be helpful for modeling purposes. Recurring revenue benefited from two additional calendar days in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to 2019, which is factored into our outlook. We now expect full year operating expenses to be in the range of down 1% to flat year-over-year in constant currency. For the full year, at current rates, currency translation is expected to be about neutral to sales growth, to positively impact operating expense growth by less than 1 percentage point and to negatively impact earnings per share by about 3 percentage points. For the full year, net interest expense is expected to be in the range of $38 million to $40 million, primarily due to lower debt levels. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Udit for some summary comments. Udit?
Udit Batra: Thank you, Sherry. In summary, we're pleased with the third quarter results, but market conditions remain variable amid ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty, lingering concerns around fourth quarter capital spending by both pharma and industrial customers and academic customer trends. Overall, I believe that we have a solid foundation, but to return to our deserved place in the tools industry, we need to improve our operational execution in the short term and focus our teams on what matters. And then in the mid term, our focus will return to strategically building our portfolio. With that, we will now begin the Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is coming from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Tycho, we've now opened up your line.
Tycho Peterson: Hey. Good morning. Good to connect with you Udit. I think as was being thought about kind of the portfolio review, prior management had obviously acknowledged in share loss and the high-resolution part of the market is. You look at the portfolio today, has your view on the share loss differed from what we heard previously from management? How much do you think could be captured by revitalizing the R&D organization? Can you talk a little bit more about the upgrade opportunity you alluded to? And where do you see gaps or potential divestitures, if those are on the table as well? Thanks.
Udit Batra: Broad question, Tycho. Thank you, very much, and good morning. Look, I've been here only eight weeks, and I've been spending most of my time in listening and learning. But let me start by reemphasizing that we have one of the best bases in the industry. If you ask me, what do you want as a starting point? I would have said pharma, informatics in China, and there you have it. That's Waters. So as I've said, we have indeed lost some momentum in the last few years. And I think you're right, call out the share loss in LC and mass spec and thermal analysis. We have indeed lost some of this momentum, and we need to build it back step by step. While the long-term plan is far from complete some of the near-term actions to address the commercial momentum are really clear, we've already actively started to work on identifying and replacing healthy instruments that are almost two decades old in more cases, and the Arc HPLC is a good new product to do so. From a channel perspective, I think we can increase our e-commerce presence given that close to 20% of our consumables business goes through this channel. And from a customer perspective, we have the opportunity to increase our penetration in CROs. So in summary, we are acting on some short-term plans. And overall, we hope that in the mid-term, we are able to return to a sustained growth, hopefully, in line with the market, but it's too early to get into any more specifics.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then for the follow-up, two of the questions we've gotten a lot from investors are on the level of reinvestment that's going to be required. So I'm wondering from a higher level, I know you don't want to talk too much about 2021 but to what degree should we think about you guys sacrificing margins for growth going forward and really reinvesting on the business? And then number two, on capital deployment, I know it's early. You're not ready to talk about M&A yet, but you obviously have a good track record from your experience at Merck KGaA with some big transformative deals. So how should we think about your broader views on M&A over the long haul? Would you consider something more transformative down the road? Thank you.
Udit Batra: Tycho, thanks for the question. And I think the answer is as expected. Look, everything is on the table. I mean, right now, we're just delineating the plan. All I've focused on is to get going with a no regret moves. And if some of them require additional investments, we'll look at it, and we'll look at the return, and we'll do it. From a long-term perspective, in rebuilding the portfolio, all options are on the table, but I think it's too early to comment on it. I think we first need to get our operational execution back on track. And we will continue to identify near term actions. And as we identify them, we will get going. So I'm not waiting to finish the planning before starting motion. So basically, I've just given you three, four examples of what we've already started. I hope that clarifies the current focus. It's really on getting the momentum back, while we build the long-term plan. And as that emerges, we'll share it with you.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Vijay Kumar. Vijay, your line is now open. You may open up your line.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Daniel [ph] on for Vijay. Thanks for taking the questions. So first, any color on quantifying the instruments catch up benefit in 3Q? And is there any change to how you're thinking about the 4Q budget flush, or is it the same as three months ago?
Udit Batra: I think on the catch-up, no, I don't think we'll be able to quantify that for you any further. As far as Q4 is concerned and catch-up, look, we're first, very, very relieved and happy with the low single-digit growth that we've seen, and which is better than anticipated, especially after the decline in the first half. So under the circumstances, we're quite happy with these results. As to Q4, while the long-term prospects of the business are quite robust with solid growth in pharma and nice exposure to China and India, it's really difficult to predict what will happen in Q4, especially given the uncertainty that many customers are still facing due to COVID-19. And the fact, that close to 50% of our sales for the fourth quarter comes in December, we remain cautious. Additionally, as I mentioned, we had some catch-up from the first half of the year in Q3, which might not repeat. So despite all of this uncertainty, our focus is really on short-term execution. So really not much more to say about the capital outlay in Q4. But we're closing
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the color. And then my follow-up, any more color on drivers of margins? It looks like gross margins came in below Street models, but then you guys beat on the OM line. So just any color on drivers there would be very helpful?
Sherry Buck: Thanks for the question. Yeah. So if you look at our gross margins, it came in at 55.8%, and there primarily two big drivers around that. About half of that impact was driven by FX. And then rest of that was primarily strength, primarily mix due to the strength in our MS portfolio with - double digits. And just if you step back a little bit and look at our gross margin performance over the course of the year, it's been variable due to a variety of factors. This quarter, it was impacted by COVID. Second quarter, our gross margins were up really helped by our cost actions. And so if I really step back and look at our year-to-date gross margin performance, we're at 56.5% versus 58% last year and about 100 basis points of that was really due to FX factors. So as I look at the top line being down in the 6% range through year-to-date, I think we've done a pretty good job of managing the costs in a challenging environment. So those are the primary drivers for our Q3 gross margins.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you for the call.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Ryskin from Bank of America. Michael, your line is now open. You may now read your question.
Michael Ryskin: Thanks. This is Mike on for Derek. First, I want to follow-up some earlier comments. You had some interesting specifics on the BioAccord. Just given it's been promised for so long as the next major future growth driver. I was just curious what specific steps do you think you've outlined to accelerate that and to get that to deliver on the promise? And it's interesting, you also flagged the ACQUITY and the time it took for that to ramp up. And obviously, the major contributor is today. Is that something we should use as a road map for BioAccord specifically? And how do you feel is that being a major growth driver going forward?
Udit Batra: Thanks for the question. Look, let me first start by saying that there is a clear unmet need in QA/QC release of biologics, and this is especially apparent to me, given my previous background in bioprocessing. BioAccord is exactly the right product to fill this gap. I've had a chance to talk to some of my - some of the customers and many of my old colleagues who are using BioAccord for testing of biologics. And with its simplicity and dedicated workflows in peptide mapping, Glycan analysis, intact mass an oligonucleotide analysis, this is the right instrument to bring LC-MS into QA/QC. And I want to make sure that I stated that before I made any other cautionary statements. In fact, we have seeded BioAccord virtually in all large pharma's already. However, as you know, it takes years for a new product to embed itself in the conservative QA/QC environment. And as I mentioned, ACQUITY took close to 4 years. You can start to use that as a reference, but I'm sure we'll dig out other references of products that have taken probably equally long in that space. So while the product is very good, I don't expect it to move the needle in the short term. Over the long term, it has very, very good prospects, and we continue to develop its applications. So I hope that gives you color on BioAccord. In terms of specific steps, really, it's about talking to the customers, getting it seeded and doing the market development cautiously and diligently. That's where we're focused now.
Michael Ryskin: Okay. That's really helpful. And I want to stick on some of the new product launches in the pipeline. I mean, Waters has had a pretty steady cadence of products in the last 12 to 18 months more on the mass spec side, SELECT SERIES Cyclic to SYNAPT XS. I'm wondering, as you re-examine the portfolio and sort of lay out the road map, is there any promise in these products? Is there something in the pipeline that you think you can point to? Is it a little bit more of a harder reset on the innovation front?
Udit Batra: It's also a very good question. Look, apart from BioAccord, you mentioned the refresh of the mass spec portfolio, both on the higher end Cyclic and SYNAPT and on the tandem quad, and this is Xevo TQ-S, GC, Xevo TQ-S cronos and coincidently, all of these products have done very well in Q3. This is why we see a double-digit growth of mass spec, a high res mass spec in the U.S. and in rest of Europe. And our tandem quad portfolio for food safety testing and traditional Chinese medicine in China. So we're seeing some good uptake for these products. So the focus on new product development will continue. And on the LC side, you've seen Arc HPLC launch, and this is really a major contributor to our revival and I would say, less decline in the LC instrument space that you saw in Q3, and we are continuing to focus on that. So in a nutshell, even a higher focus on portfolio development. And secondly, realizing the full potential of the launches that have taken place, not just BioAccord, but also the rest of the mass spec portfolio as well as the LC and the consumables portfolio.
Michael Ryskin: Thanks Udit and congrats.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line [indiscernible] from Cowen. Doug, your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Ryan on for Doug. Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe following up first and the last question. I just want to confirm, again, really encouraging mass spec commentary. Can you talk a bit more about how you view the portfolio today versus competitors and do you believe that Waters is positioned to at least maintain mass spec share moving forward after these new product launches? Or do you believe that more work is needed on mass spec innovation to sustainably return to market growth in MS?
Udit Batra: Look, I'll go back to saying. I've been here only eight weeks, and I'm still listening and learning. So I have the full right to change my view as I learn more about our portfolio. I am excited by what I see, especially on the mass spec side. I'm excited by the breadth of the portfolio we have. If I'm not mistaken, it is one of the widest in the industry, ranging from high res to tandem quads and to also BioAccord as a first - in somehow first-in-class. So I feel we are reasonably well-positioned. That does not mean we will stop our investment in the area. Don't ask me how fast we will get back to our original share. We are intensely focused on realizing the full potential of these products, as you already saw in Q3. The commercial teams are very focused on this. Our collaborators are giving very good feedback on the product launches. So I'm very optimistic, but I would say it's early days, and I want to learn more before I can give you any more concrete information.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then on LC, so competitors have talked about share gains in chromatography in recent years. I believe this is the first time that Waters has acknowledged LC market share loss. Did I hear that correctly? And if so, can you talk about why you believe Waters is losing share in LC? And what actions can be taken separate from a more active focus on upgrading older instruments?
Udit Batra: Yeah. Look, I cannot judge what the exact loss in share is, but we definitely have lost the momentum in the last few years. I think that you can be certain of comparing our results to our past and perhaps even some competitors. And I would break the action down into three parts. We're very focused on rebuilding our portfolio, and you saw what I talked about on the Arc HPLC, and this will allow us to replace the already installed base in Alliance, which is now roughly two decades old. So this is something we have a lot of attention focused on. Secondly, on the consumables side, our premier columns were just launched, and these are for metal loving analytes and oligonucleotide as some of those, which are - which I don't need to tell you, are a strong contributor to growth in the future. And then finally, we think from a channel perspective, we are - we have been under represented in the CRO channel, and the teams are highly focused on developing that. So it's a rather comprehensive examination of our LC presence. And we're really pulling all the levers ranging from portfolio to portfolio, both on the instrument and the hardware side - sorry, on the hardware and the consumables side, from a channel perspective, this is CROs and also from a geographic perspective. And the last thing I'll mention is that on many of our competitors have a significant portion of their consumables business going through e-commerce. And given my recent experience on e-commerce, I believe we can take some short-term tactical actions to start catching up. I mean 20% of our revenues in consumables goes through e-commerce. And for many of our competitors, it's close to 50%. So a pretty broad-based push towards LCM, and I'm confident that we'll start to see some shift in momentum.
Unidentified Analyst: If I could sneak in one more. You talked in your prepared remarks about Waters inability in recent years to keep up with emerging trends like bio-processing, contract manufacturing and diagnostics. Do you believe that you have the right products to more aggressively go after those opportunities? And it's a matter of commercial execution? Or do you believe that there's gas in Water's current ability to address those emerging trends? Thank you.
Udit Batra: I think the answer is the mix, right? So - and as I said, it's only been eight weeks. So it's all the necessary caveats. Look, the answer is the mix. From the overall - we're very happy to have about 60% of our business go to pharma. Pharma remains the most attractive end market. 30% of that business is focused on large molecule, like, which, as you outlined is the faster-growing segment. Now that said, the small molecule segment of pharma is also very attractive. I mean, look, it's still 80% of the pharmaceutical companies revenue, and that's in small molecules. With recent events, anti-virals have grown quite rapidly as an oligonucleotide and we've seen that show up in our business in small molecules. So small molecules is not something that we shy away from, but your question was more around portfolio towards biologics. So 30% of our business is - 30% of our pharma business is focused on that direction. And we intend to continue to innovate and continue to push organically on that side. And once we've - once we've done that, once we feel comfortable and confident with our commercial execution, given our existing portfolio, we will look at portfolio expansion, and there will be a time for it. It's just simply not today, and I don't have any specifics on that front. I simply mention that because you - when you look at Waters' results, it's very much a core business performance, and we're very happy with it. We don't have a lot of COVID-19 tailwinds in our results. So whatever change in momentum you see is meaningful and sustainable over the long-term because we're really getting it from the core business.
Bryan Brokmeier: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Dan Brennan from UBS. Dan, your line is now open. You may now raise your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Nathan [ph] on for Dan. I guess, starting off, can you break down the pharma growth in the quarter, I guess, between small and large molecule? And then, I guess, what percentage of pharma customers are back in the lab? How much did that change from Q2? And was this percentage return similar to your expectations?
Udit Batra: I didn't understand the second part of your question, so I'll start with the first one, and then I'll give you the opportunity to come back. Small versus large, look, both small molecules and large molecule pharma saw very nice growth. And regionally, especially in the U.S. and in Europe, it was actually double-digit across both of those segments. In fact, our top pharma customers of 25 pharma customers grew in the mid-teens. And in China, also, we saw low single-digit growth in large molecules and small molecules were mid-to-high single digits. So really nice broad-based growth, and you can also see that reflected in our consumables strength. And again, looking at China, this was in the high double-digits. So nice growth across both small and large molecules, as many of our pharma customers start to increase their experiments in labs. I didn't catch your second question. Would you mind repeating it?
Unidentified Analyst: Sure. The second question was focused more around how many of your pharma customers are back in the lab? And how did that trend kind of to your prior expectations? But I guess just to add on to that, can you give a little more color on the low single digit, mid single-digit decline you expect in Q4, kind of, was baked into pharma and industrial growth expectations? And I guess, how much of a benefit do you expect from the two extra days?
Udit Batra: So I'll start with the first one, and I'll let Sherry comment on the Q4. Look, in terms of customer activity, I can give you three activity, I can give you three dimensions. The service dimension, the consumables consumption dimension, and access to our - for our sales teams. Let's start with consumables. I mean, we've seen the experimentation go up in the labs and consumables growth is mid-to-high single digits and went into the double digits for China. So across all regions, especially in pharma, we start to see activity in the labs, as measured by our consumables revenue. As far as our service - access for our service teams is concerned, we saw some return to normal, especially in China and in Europe and increasing steadily in the U.S., but I would not conflate that with pre-pandemic levels, right. So our service engineers have a very different experience these days and they visit customers apart from having PPE and doing testing before they go to many customers. The duration of the visits are much shorter, as customers have them in, and they want them out after a certain specific period of time. So while the overall activity and access to labs for service engineers has increased, it is still not like it used to be prior to the pandemic. And then finally, from a direct sales perspective, our sales engineers, I would say, have 15% to 20% access, especially in the U.S. and in Western Europe versus what they used to pre-pandemic, and they're really leveraged webinars and a lot of virtual interaction. And many of them, in fact, I was with the sales team in the U.S. recently. And many of them say, look, we hope the customers are willing to engage in the same way, even post the pandemic because it's highly efficient and effective, it prevents unnecessary travel, then you don't need to. And of course, there is no substitute for face-to-face interaction when we're able to do it. Yet that said, there are some benefits that are coming out. So I hope that gives you more color on the access. For the Q4 question, I'll pass it on to Sherry.
Sherry Buck: Thanks, Udit. As we are looking at our Q4, I'd say, first of all, just as we saw our Q3 results, we were pleased with the trends that we saw there. And as Udit mentioned, we did see in the Q4 some realization of delays from the first half. So there's quite a few variables that are really happening. And as we look into Q4, the visibility to year-end capital budget plans is very limited, especially in pharma and industrial. And we do think we'll still continue to see the same level of customer access. But just due to those different variability's, we're guiding or have an outlook of low to mid single-digit rate growth. Not really breaking down the visibility into the end markets just because of a lot of differences there. But some the trends we saw in Q3, we would expect to continue to see some of those strengths in the pharma business.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Dan Leonard from Wells Fargo. Dan, your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. For starters, Udit, I appreciate your repositioning on the BioAccord messaging. How are you thinking about Waters connect [ph] which was the other effort put on a pedicel a couple of years ago at investor event?
Udit Batra: Yes. Look, I mean, Dan, firstly, thanks for your question and your interest in informatics. It's early days. I mean, I haven't yet been able to dig into each and every area in the business to the extent I would like. But on our informatics - on our informatics presence overall. Firstly, in this particular quarter, we have seen some nice return to growth, very much tied to our mass spec instruments. Now if you break it down, and that growth has especially come on the back of MassLynx, and UNIFY. As I think about Waters connect in my early orientation, the ambition is to set up a connected system across all our different platforms. It brings Empower, NuGenesis, UNIFY and MassLynx and Progenesis together in a single platform. The early uptake in some of our customers has been good, especially for certain mass spec instruments and the BioAccord is also on the same platform. We've got very good feedback. It's been quite system across all robust but the rollout still continues. So it's early days, Dan, but the early feedback on Waters connect has been quite good. And I have experienced that personally with some of my old friends and customers. I recently visited, just to give you an example, I recently visited our Immerse Center in Cambridge, and we had some customers from nearby come over and use the BioAccord as well as some of our more recent mass spec launches and it's really a seamless experience. But more on that later, as I learn more, and you'll hear more about it as it gets rolled out, and we hear more from customers. But early feedback is very good and Water's connect is already out there.
Dan Leonard: Appreciate that. And then maybe for my follow-up. You mentioned an opportunity in repatriation of small molecule manufacturing. Can you elaborate a bit on that more? How would you frame that for investors?
Udit Batra: Yes. It's - look, again, it's early days, Dan. I mean we've been hearing that - we've been hearing early conversation from many of our customers that there is a potential opportunity to repatriate the production of small molecules. We've talked to some of our - some of our academic collaborators also on continuous processing of small molecules. So there's a lot of interest, but no real concrete opportunities yet to quantify what exactly that opportunity would be. So you can imagine, as that happens. And if it happens and as that happens, Waters is very well positioned to serve as the QA/QC providers especially for LC and MS in that space. So early indicators, and I was only referring to some of the indicators and direct conversations I had with some customers, but no quantification to date.
Dan Leonard: Okay. Appreciate the past. Thank you.
Udit Batra: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of from Steve Beuchaw from Wolfe Research. Steve, your line is now open. You may now raise your question.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good morning and thanks for the time here. Just two for me. One is, so Udit, when I hear your prepared remarks about the strategy, it makes a lot of sense. And when I think about what might be a little different for the Waters approach here relative to others. The size of your installed base is clearly one of the big deltas relative to what some others might be thinking about. But what I wonder is, if you could give us a little bit of an appreciation for us and details around, why it is that, that's something that you can catalyze when it hasn't happened previously, and how do you do that in the field? And how do you think about the competitive dynamics going after this replacement cycle in that space? Why would that be different from other verticals? And then I do have a follow-up. Thank you.
Udit Batra: Sure. Look, I wouldn't call it a strategic initiative. I would call it a tactical, no regret move. When you learn that roughly over 8,000 of your Alliance instruments in the field are over 20 years old, you obviously ask the question, can you and replace it. And when I was presented with that fact, I asked team, what can we do to replace it is their custom - are there customers who would want to do it, and the obvious answer is, yeah, I mean we should, but we haven't really gone after it specifically. So if you ask me about the tactical execution, we have the names, the ZIP codes of the customers who have these Alliance instruments, as you well know from your Waters history. With the 80,000 or so installed base, 8,400 is about - I think, about 8,400 is the Alliance base, which is over 20 years old. So we know exactly where they are. And the intent is to go and have a conversation with the customers, especially now I feel more confident when I saw the results for Arc HPLC, given its superior performance for that particular segment, I would think that there is an impetus to move customers to it. From a competitive standpoint, we feel very well-positioned because customers have had a very good experience with Alliance over the years. It's a robust instrument, especially within power as it's informatics backbone. And we think that the transition is possible. Now don't ask me if all and at what fraction at what rate this will happen. This is why I'm not giving you concrete time lines and concrete quantification of how fast this will happen. But it is something that we feel has a potential to capitalize growth.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay. Much appreciated it. And then I wanted to follow-up on the commentary regarding expectations for the fourth quarter. It's always difficult to forecast the fourth quarter because of year-end dynamics. And, of course, this year is more difficult than most. But just to make sure that people had as much of a calibration as they can for how things are evolving, I wonder if you'd be comfortable speaking to order trends through 3Q and here in October or even new indications of interest just to give folks a sense for how things are evolving because it's not necessarily true that you're seeing any pullback in a situation where just because of budget flush dynamics 4Q might impact the down year-on-year? And then I'll jump back in queue. Thank you.
Udit Batra: I'll let Sherry comment on Q4. Go ahead, Sherry.
Sherry Buck: Yes. Hi Steve, thanks for the question. So as you look at our Waters business and how quarters play out, much of our business is done in the last month of the quarter. Coming into this quarter, I mean, market conditions are still pretty similar. And things are progressing as we expect. But it's really too early to pinpoint that really given the variability with some of the dynamics with COVID, et cetera. And I'd say we're very much focused on our execution. We have several leading indicators that we're looking at as far as access to our service and to labs and those are things that we will monitor and execute. But we're just really focused on those things and just with the visibility and the variability there are providing that kind of an outlook for the fourth quarter.
Udit Batra: I mean, Steve, just to embellish just a little bit, I think no real change in trends, but we are cautious because 50% of the revenue, as Sherry has informed me, comes in December for Q4, and it's very much dependent on the capital of place. So very difficult to predict, especially in this uncertain environment, how much that capital outlay is going to be. And that's the number one reason why we feel a bit cautious. But really, I mean, nice momentum into Q3 and nice shift from Q1 and Q2. And we are all hoping that it remains, but difficult to predict.
Steve Beuchaw: Got it. That's great color. Thank you, again.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Sung Ji Nam. Sung Ji, your line is now open. You may now raise your question. And by the way, Sung Ji is from BTIG.
Sung Ji Nam: Thanks for taking the question. Udit or Sherry, could you help me reconcile the decline - the growth in the industrial segment and also the decline in the - versus the decline in the TA business? I'm sorry if I missed it. Was it largely due to the material science segment being weaker and then food and environmental testing being stronger?
Udit Batra: Sure. Firstly, on the TA segment, Sung Ji - on the TA business, TA has continued an 8% or so decline, as we mentioned. And China was really the bright spot with mid-teens growth, especially in the semiconductor space and the U.S. with low single-digits. The other regions continue to decline, and that affected the overall number. And you're right to say that it's especially in the materials and the polymer segment. I must say, you didn't ask, but I'll tell you, I had the chance to visit my colleagues at TA in Newcastle, Albert virtually. I am so excited about the technological depth and the leadership in rheology, calorimetry, mechanical analysis. I also spoke to some of my old professors. I'm a chemical engineer by training, both undergrad and graduate school and our academic collaborators and we see a terrific future for structured property relationships that we're measuring with TA. So there are short-term challenges, and we've been pretty transparent about those. But I believe the future of this business is very, really good. As far as other commentary on the industrial segment, I mean, we saw - and then you would recognize that we report food under industrial, especially food safety in China, food in the United States, both saw growth, and this is what also drove the industrial segment in addition to the semiconductor growth that you saw - that we saw in China. Europe was flattish in the industrial segment. I hope that gives you the color you wanted.
Bryan Brokmeier: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question is coming from the line of Jack Meehan. Jack your line is now open. And by the way Jack is from Nephron Research.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning. Udit, I wanted to push you a little bit more on some of the urgency around business investment. If you look across the landscape now, you mentioned how some of the tools companies, your peers are seeing big COVID tailwinds, and they're also making pretty significant investments back in their business. Can you just help us understand, why does it make sense for you to push ahead with some of the cost savings programs from earlier this year when you're trying to reposition yourself for better growth?
Udit Batra: Yes. Jack, I should have expected that question from you. I'll start on the cost savings part, and then I'll give you a view on how I see future investments and some concrete ideas there. Please go ahead, Sherry.
Sherry Buck: Hi, Jack, yeah. So as we - at the beginning of the year and as we saw COVID impact, we felt like it was important to take these cost actions as we were going into Q2, particularly as being that is our most challenging quarter. So most of those cost actions have been completed through the end of July, particularly around employee related items as we've had furloughs back and over stored hours and salaries. And as we were doing this, though, we were also looked at projects that we would continue to support and prioritize. And so I'd say largely, those are behind us. There's still a few things in fourth quarter. But things that we delayed, we don't feel like impacted near-term milestones. And I think we're very well-positioned from both our cash flow results that we had this quarter as well as from a balance sheet to look at the right investments in the business for growth. And I'll let Udit carry on those - some of those thoughts.
Udit Batra: Sure. Jack, on the investment side, look, there's - as I mentioned, there's need for commercial investment on the CRO side. We are underrepresented in that segment virtually globally. So as soon as we quantify what that looks like by region, in Europe, we've already started. As other regions come forward, I mean, we will be going to support it. Second, on e-commerce, we are underrepresented in the market versus our peers. And I have some history in that area. So I can tell you that there will be some investment in e-commerce as we come back. First, with the existing platform, especially increasing paid search and search engine optimization and then revitalizing the platform in the mid-term, that will require investment. And I mentioned replacement of the old Alliance systems with Arc HPLC and other - with other hardware, that too will require specific training and focus from our field force, and we're getting ideas for investments there. I expect to be able to leverage our existing infrastructure there, but if there's need for investment, we will not shy away from it. These are value-creating initiatives one doesn't need to be a rocket scientist to understand that. And then on new product development, I mean, while I have not finished examining our product development areas, it is absolutely clear that more effort needs to be placed in market development. And you guys were interested in BioAccord, but there are other launches also that have taken place recently on the mass spec side, on the high res, on tandem quad, they require market development. There will be investments in that direction. So both from a market development standpoint and investments in commercial infrastructure, we will not shy away from any value-creating ideas. And I've already tattered off a few, and it's only been eight weeks since I've been here. I see tremendous, tremendous opportunity in our business.
Udit Batra: At this point, I want to go towards concluding the call. Thank you all for your participation. Despite the uncertain environment created by COVID-19 and the challenges that Waters has faced in the last couple of years, I have never been more confident in my decision to join this company. I hope that was apparent to all of you in the statements that I made. There is an incredible amount of talent in our organization, and we have a tremendous opportunity in front of us to turn the business around with improved execution in the short-term and then a renewed focus on growth in both organic and other strategic investments in the future. So on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q4 2020 call, which we currently anticipate holding on February 2, 2021. Thank you all, and have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the call. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn over the call to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide commentary on potential market and business conditions the company expects for the third quarter and full year 2020. We caution you that all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that may cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the risk factors included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors and in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 28, 2020, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors, both of which are on file with the SEC as well as the cautionary language included in this morning's press release, including with respect to risks related to the effects of COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We further caution you that the company does not intend to update any of its predictions or projections, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts or as otherwise required by law. Next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 27, 2020. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and available on the company's website. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal year 2019. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dr. Flemming Ornskov, Waters' Chairman of the Board to make a few brief comments. Flemming?
Flemming Ornskov: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. I wanted to join at the beginning of this call for two reasons. First, to thank Chris for his contribution to Waters; and second, to discuss our leadership transition process and the appointment of Udit Batra as Waters' next CEO. I want to begin by thanking Chris for his leadership over the last 5 years and for his commitment to ensuring a seamless leadership transition through the end of this year. Over the course of the last few months, which have been particularly challenging against the background of the global pandemic, Chris has kept the team focused on execution. Throughout his tenure, Chris has demonstrated a clear commitment to advancing a new product cycle that has, in part, helped us establish a strong foundation for growth. As you know, on July 15, we announced that Udit will be joining us on September 1. Udit is a highly accomplished executive with more than two decades of leadership and operational expertise in our industry. He has demonstrated a proven track record of delivering tangible, financial and operational results as evidenced by his prior roles at Merck KGaA headquartered in Darmstadt, Germany. Importantly, he also has a strong appreciation for our purpose, culture and people. We are confident he will help Waters build on our foundation and usher in our next chapter of innovation, growth and shareholder value. I know Udit is eager to get going, and we look forward to introducing him when he officially joins us in September. With that I'll turn the call over to Chris and Sherry to conduct the earnings call and Q&A.
Chris O'Connell: Thank you for the kind words Flemming and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier, joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. I hope that you and your loved ones are doing well as the world continues to manage through this truly extraordinary time of the global COVID-19 pandemic. It's amazing how much is happening on a daily basis and I wish you peace and fortitude as we all work hard to improve both health and economic conditions for everyone. During today's call, I will provide an overview of our second quarter operating results as well as some broader commentary on our business in the context of COVID-19 and describe the actions we are taking to emerge from this period stronger than ever. Sherry will then review our financial results in detail and update you on our financial actions as it relates to the balance sheet and cost structure. We will then open up the phone lines and Sherry and I will take your questions. To briefly review our operating results for the quarter, Q2 sales declined 12% and adjusted earnings per share declined 2%. While Q2 was expectedly a bit softer than Q1 in terms of year-over-year growth, our revenue result reflected modestly better market conditions than we had anticipated, an increasing impact of new products, as well as strong execution by our global sales, service and operational teams. During the quarter, we also executed well on our plans to achieve meaningful near-term cost savings to ensure our financial strength and flexibility under a variety of recovery scenarios. This combination of higher-than-expected revenue and the timing of our near-term cost actions enabled us to exceed our margin and EPS expectations. As we enter the second half of the year, we are focused on our recovery trajectory and normalizing our operating spend and investment in the business. I am very proud of our team's execution across the business in this dynamic environment. Looking ahead, while risks and uncertainties in our operating environment remain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe that our end markets and geographies will see modestly better conditions in the second half of 2020 than they did in the first half. I will provide some additional color on this later in my remarks. As we navigate the COVID-19 global pandemic, we continue to execute against our five-point value-creation model, which emphasizes our unique specialty positioning, organic innovation operating excellence, disciplined capital deployment and a sharp focus on people and culture. That said, I'd like to focus my comments today on our near-term operating priorities relating to the COVID-19 period that I outlined on our last earnings call. We are making great progress against each of them. First, our top priority remains the health, safety and well-being of our employees and our customers. The deliberate actions and cautions we have taken during the pandemic have minimized the infection rate within our employee population, while still enabling the organization to operate efficiently and effectively. Our multiphased safe return to workplace process is well underway with teams returning to our major facilities in several stages. Our second priority is to ensure business continuity. Our service engineers have consistent access to customer sites globally in order to maintain service and install instruments, while our sales reps have less consistent access given the varied pace of recovery across our geographies. Sales force access has been improving however, as customers continue to ramp up their laboratory operations. That said, our strategic technology investments over the last several years are paying off and have enabled us to effectively serve the vast majority of sales, service and scientific activities with a hybrid in-person and digital effort. We have been successful getting our experts in front of customers through virtual events and we are restoring normal interactions with sales reps and regional specialists where possible. Operationally, we have confidence in the continuing stability of our supply chain manufacturing and distribution processes. Our third priority is maintaining our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity even in our most conservative forward-looking scenarios. Exiting the second quarter, we are on track to achieve our $100 million cost-savings plan for the year, relative to our prior internal forecast. We are nearly complete returning those employees on temporary 90-day furlough to work. We have restored full hours and salaries and we have now reoriented our focus towards investment in the business in the second half to enable our return to growth. Sherry will provide more details on these measures during her remarks. Our fourth priority is to accelerate our recovery, by focusing on actions we can control. In particular, we are taking direct action to, a, maximize the impact of our strong new product cycle; b, target our R&D efforts on near-term product introductions; c, service our installed base either remotely or in-person as customer labs allow; and d, focus our sales efforts on customer labs that are open to operation. In Q2, we saw an increased contribution from our recently launched mass spec products, while launching an important new LC instrument. More on this in a few minutes. Finally, we are continuing to contribute our expertise and capabilities in the global fight against COVID-19. Our customers have responded enthusiastically to our offers of deep scientific and technical expertise across a range of COVID-19 therapy and vaccine candidates under development. In particular, our unique system solutions have been very useful in critical workflows including peptide mapping, glycan analysis and oligonucleotide analysis. While the short-term revenue impact is minimal, these efforts have been deeply appreciated and have greatly advanced relationships across our customer base while also advancing the fight against COVID-19. Now I would like to make a few comments on our outlook. As we outlined last quarter, our planning scenarios are based on a categorization of each geography into one of three phases of the COVID-19 pandemic: containment, recovery and return to growth. We currently believe that all of our major geographies have now transitioned to the recovery phase. As a result, and as I mentioned before, we believe the second half will be modestly better than the first half. However, we don't anticipate that quarterly revenue growth will turn positive until 2021. From an end-market perspective, our largest market pharmaceutical is leading the recovery. Encouragingly, our top global pharma accounts grew in the second quarter and year-to-date. In addition, CXOs and large molecule pharma customers are recovering nicely, while generic and specialty pharmaceutical customers are still operating with more constrained capital budgets. Looking ahead, though we expect most pharma customers to return to normalized operations this fall, risks and uncertainties certainly remain, particularly in Q4, around meaningful year-end budget releases that we typically see. Our industrial markets are recovering more slowly with customers generally operating under tighter capital budgeting restrictions than in pharma. Notably, because these customers provide less recurring revenue than our pharma customers, returning to normal operations doesn't immediately result in a corresponding return of spending in the form of capital equipment. Within the industrial category, material science labs are operating at higher activity level than food and environmental labs and we expect them to return to normal levels more quickly. Lastly, academic and governmental markets are lagging corporate customers and are expected to be the slowest to recover. Many academic labs remain closed or only partially open, while governmental business has been significantly impacted by delayed tender activity. Turning now to our geographies. All major regions have transitioned from containment to recovery phase with each seeing steadily increasing customer activity throughout the quarter. A number of countries, including China, other countries in Asia and parts of Europe are moving through the recovery phase more rapidly. On the other hand the United States, India and remaining parts of Europe are progressing more cautiously through these various stages of easing restriction. In aggregate, as we look to the second half of the year we are expecting improved demand across the business in particular for instruments, as we expect a gradual easing of capital spending constraints in all of our end markets. Looking specifically at China. The pharma market is leading the recovery with solid growth in large molecule pharma and CXOs. Generic pharma remains under pressure as customers remain cautious on capital spending in the context of both the GPO program implementation and the COVID-19 pandemic. That said, China's pharma recurring revenues grew in the quarter across both large and small molecule, which we expect to continue bolstering our confidence that we will see increasing instrument demand over time. China's food and environmental markets were down in the second quarter, reflecting the continued funding pressure that is impacting government labs, partially offset by growth within independent labs. Elsewhere in Asia, recovery is a mixed picture with strength in certain geographies, such as Korea and slower recoveries in other regions such as Japan and India. Turning to the U.S. We are seeing a dynamic and somewhat uncertain environment with various states experiencing increasing COVID-19 cases over the past several weeks and therefore are seeing rollbacks of previously implemented reopening plans. The pharma market is leading the recovery driven by large molecule customers. Capital spending is slowly, but steadily improving and we are seeing strong customer support for our new products. Elsewhere in the Americas, Latin America remains very soft. Lastly in Europe, recoveries in the countries of Southern Europe and Northern Europe are lagging those in Eastern Europe and Central Europe. Pharmaceutical markets are recovering more quickly than other markets with QA/QC reporting growth in the second quarter. Our recent European performance has been stronger compared to the Americas, because many European countries have been more effective managing COVID-19 containment efforts and European customers are adopting some of our new mass spec technology at a faster rate than other geographies as we typically see. Aside from these current market dynamics, we remain sharply focused on our primary growth strategy of organic innovation. We believe we are well-positioned to leverage our robust and growing new product pipeline as demand normalizes and we expect continuing increases in contribution from new products. Looking at the Waters' product line, there is increasing evidence of traction of new products throughout the quarter particularly BioAccord and Cyclic IMS. In addition, we launched six new instruments year-to-date and have received very positive initial feedback. These new product launches are highlighted by the Arc HPLC, a rugged reliable and modern HPLC system that is a significant advancement and enhances our strong technology leadership position in the core liquid chromatography market. In our TA Instruments product line, the three new products launched last quarter at Pittcon have received strong customer interest. Material science markets have been challenged, but these products are poised to support future growth and market share gains. In summary, though sales in our second quarter continued to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, our revenue result reflected modestly better market conditions than we had anticipated, an increasing impact from our new products as well as strong execution by our global sales, service and operations teams. We also took decisive actions to manage our costs to ensure the largest portion of our 2020 savings plan in the second quarter, which as expected was a more challenging environment than the first quarter. This combination of better-than-expected top line performance, with the benefits of our cost-containment efforts enabled us to exceed our margin and EPS expectations. Although, risks remain with the uncertain trajectory of the global COVID-19 pandemic, we expect market conditions to improve modestly in the second half versus the first half of the year, and therefore have accelerated our growth investments to take advantage of opportunities as demand recovers. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of our second quarter financials. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, we recorded net sales of $520 million, a decrease of approximately 12% in constant currency. Currency translation decreased sales growth by approximately 1%, resulting in a sales decline of 13% as reported. In the quarter, sales into our pharmaceutical market declined 10%, sales into our industrial market declined 13%, while academic and governmental markets declined to 21%. Looking at our product line growth. Our recurring revenue, which represents the combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue declined 3% in the quarter, while instrument sales declined 23%. As we noted last quarter, there is no year-over-year difference in the number of calendar days during the second or third quarters, but there are two additional calendar days in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to 2019. Chemistry revenues were down 4% in the quarter, driven mostly by weakness in academic and governmental. On the service side of our business, revenues were down 2%, as mid single-digit growth in service contract revenues were offset by a decline in on-demand service revenues and spare parts. Breaking second quarter product sales down further sales related to Waters-branded products and services declined 12%, while sales of TA-branded products and services declined 20%. Combined LC and LC-MS instrument platform sales declined 24% and TA's instrumentation system sales declined 20%. Looking at our growth rates in the second quarter geographically, and on a constant currency basis, sales in Asia declined 12% with China down 20%. Sales in Americas declined 15%, including a 14% decline in the U.S. and European sales were down 9%. Before I comment on our second quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year, I would like to update you on the progress of our cost actions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that we shared with you during our last quarterly earnings call. We are on track to achieve cost savings of approximately $100 million for the year relative to our prior pre-COVID internal plan. We achieved about 60% of our planned annual savings in the first half of the year, which was better than expected as we focused on aligning our operations and investments with our growth challenge in the second quarter. This result flowed through our P&L and is the primary driver for favorable performance in gross and operating margins versus the second quarter of 2019. Looking ahead, while we plan to maintain strong operating discipline through the end of the year, a significant portion of our cost actions were enacted for a 90-day period and are nearly complete. Employees are returning from temporary 90-day furloughs and we've restored reduced work hours and salaries to normal levels. As a result, the second half of the year will not reflect the same level of savings reported during the second quarter, as we reorient our focus towards growth investment in the business in the second half. We anticipate the remaining 40% of our cost savings to be achieved in the second half of the year. This plan reflects our core assumption that the business moves to the recovery phase and business conditions improve in the second half. We're monitoring our business conditions and will adjust our plans as appropriate based on the pace of the recovery. Returning to our second quarter non-GAAP financial performance. Gross margin for the quarter was 59% compared to 58.4% in the second quarter of 2019 primarily as a result of our cost-savings actions. Moving down the second quarter P&L. Operating expenses decreased by approximately 13% on a constant currency basis and foreign currency translation decreased operating expense growth by approximately 1% on a reported basis. In the quarter our effective operating tax rate was 15.4% compared to 15.7% in the prior year. Net interest expense was $9 million an increase of about $3 million as anticipated. Our average share count came in at 62.2 million shares a share count reduction of approximately 11% or about 7 million shares lower than in the second quarter of last year as a result of shares repurchased through the end of the first quarter of 2020 subsequent to which we paused the share repurchase program. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the second quarter decreased to $2.10 in comparison to $2.14 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share decreased to $1.98 compared to $2.08 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet, I'd like to summarize our second quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures and excluding special items. We made good progress in the quarter on our capital expenditure and working capital improvement plan shared during the last quarterly earnings call and we also remain on track for the full year.  In the second quarter of 2020, our free cash flow came in at $175 million after funding $46 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $23 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operation. In the second quarter, this resulted in $0.34 of each $1 of sales converted into free cash flow and $0.30 year-to-date. Our strong free cash flow was primarily a result of cost-savings actions implemented in the second quarter. Turning to working capital. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding came in at 87-days this quarter up 8 days compared to the second quarter of last year and inventories decreased by $8 million in comparison to the prior year quarter reflecting revised production schedules. Waters maintains a strong balance sheet access to liquidity and a well-structured debt maturity profile. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $356 million and debt of $1.7 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. This resulted in a net debt position of $1.3 billion and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1.8 times at the end of the second quarter. We also have $1 billion available on our bank revolver for total available liquidity of $1.4 billion at the end of the second quarter. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, while our future capital structure target of approximately 2.5 times net debt-to-EBITDA remains unchanged, our near-term focus is maintaining financial flexibility and preserving liquidity. As a result, our share repurchase program remains on hold until we see a more stable and predictable business environment. We expect the actions we have taken will continue to provide us with adequate flexibility under a variety of potential recovery scenarios. Given the uncertainty surrounding the magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our customers we're not providing full year guidance. However, there are a few data points that will be helpful for modeling purposes. Due to the timing of our cost actions as discussed earlier, we expect full year operating expense growth in the range of negative 1% to positive 1% year-over-year in constant currency. For the full year at current rates, currency translation is expect to decreased sales growth by about one percentage point and to negatively impact earnings per share by about three percentage points. For the full year, net interest expense is expected to be in the range of $40 million to $42 million, primarily due to lower interest rates. Now, I'd like to turn the call back to Chris for some summary comments. Chris?
Chris O'Connell: Thank you, Sherry. In summary, while the second quarter was challenging as we expected, we were very pleased with our results, which were driven by modestly better market conditions than we anticipated increasing impact from new products and the strong execution by our team. We are looking forward to the back half of the year, and we are optimistic that the company is well positioned to return to growth in 2021. Before we take questions, I would like to add a few brief comments on our upcoming CEO transition. It has been the honor and privilege of my career to serve as the CEO of Waters Corporation. I have loved every single day working, with such inspiring customers and an incredibly talented and committed group of colleagues. Together, we have significantly advanced Waters over the course of the last five years, including: we have transformed our organic innovation engine and established an unprecedented new product pipeline and supplemented our technology portfolio through external investments and tuck-in acquisitions. We have implemented a new capital deployment framework with increasing emphasis on growth investments, while also returning capital to shareholders; and we have significantly advanced the company's talent organizational capability and technology infrastructure. I will pass the reins to Udit Batra on September 1, knowing that Waters is moving forward from a strong foundation. I extend my warm welcome and best wishes to Udit and my gratitude to our Board of Directors for giving me the opportunity to serve as CEO of Waters. Finally, I want to thank our investors and the equity research community. It has been a pleasure to work with all of you and I wish you the very best. With that, Sherry and I will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not always able to get to everyone’s questions, please limit yourself to one question and a one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please contact the Waters' Investor Relations team after the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Chris, wishing you all the best for the next phase of your career. I do feel like part of the story that's missed out here is some of the investments, the new product cycles that we've seen. Hopefully, it will bear fruit over the coming years. Just on the topic of new products I think there were some comments on the call about how new products came in better than expected in 2Q. I want to make sure, I heard that right. And why wouldn't this continue into the back half? Because I think the second half sounded perhaps a little bit cautious maybe on the third quarter CapEx commentary. Is that – perhaps, due to feedback you've gotten from customers. So, any color I think would be helpful.
Chris O'Connell: Sure. Well, thank you very much Vijay for the comments and the question. And you're right. The heart of our strategy is really the R&D investment that has grown consistently at twice the rate of sales growth over the past five years and is now producing this really great stream of new products. And I made comments on the call not just on products that we have launched like BioAccord and Cyclic and some of the tandem quads last year, but also some new products that are coming into the market now like the Arc HPLC and other systems and more that's coming. So, we do have a lot of confidence in the new product pipeline. As it relates to the contribution, yes, you interpreted that correctly that in particular BioAccord and Cyclic have -- it really took a strong step forward in the second quarter with regard to orders and sales. I don't want to quantify that, but we're really, I think, coming into the power curve on those products and I feel good about our pipeline for the remainder of the year. I tried to comment that we do expect a continuation of positive progress in terms of impact of new products in the second half of the year and an increasing vitality index and an increasing overall contribution that we've seen in the second quarter and we expect to see in the second half. That said my comments on the market conditions of the second half are important because while we are seeing recovery in all of our geographies and end markets as you know there are a lot of puts and takes and there likely to be setbacks and so our assumptions don't assume everything just progresses on a straight line, we do assume different puts and takes and that everything doesn't go perfectly. And there is also the question of year-end budget flush and to what extent pharma in particular will release year-end budget. So, that's really the reason for our overall tone on modestly better market conditions. But from a new product standpoint, we believe that story is very much intact and actually getting more exciting.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Chris. And one quick one for Sherry. I think you mentioned OpEx for the year at the midpoint is flattish on a dollar basis. Considering that second half perhaps revenues we're still looking at that down in second half -- the implied OpEx growth in second half implies earnings still to be in the negative territory. I just want to make sure I have the math right on the earnings trajectory here for second half.
Sherry Buck: Yes, Vijay. Just to provide some clarity on that. So, as you know we implemented a number of temporary cost actions earlier this year. Many of them were 90 days in alignment but we have about 60% of that that we achieved in the first half and 40% in the second half. And so we tried to give you some data points around the operating expenses. And so we're expecting on a full year a range of negative 1% to positive 1% kind of year-over-year full year on a constant currency basis. So, that's kind of the commentary around the operating expenses.
Vijay Kumar: Got you. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi good morning everyone. Chris just remind me what are the capabilities of the Arc that you think it would drive a sort of replacement cycle. I'm just sort of comparing it to Alliance in just what are -- basically it's a question of like do we expect at some point an upgrade cycle within your pharma customers for doing QA/QC? Just a little bit more color on that. Thanks. And I have a follow-up.
Chris O'Connell: Sure. Sure. Thanks Derik. First part of your question there on Arc as you know we have a very, very strong installed base and franchise with the Alliance HPLC as well as with the ACQUITY UPLC of course on the higher end. And over the years, we've introduced intermediate technology in what you might call the UHPLC category and that's the Arc -- ACQUITY Arc platform. What we've done is built sort of a ground-up new sort of Arc range program, but targeted at the HPLC market which allows method transfer from any direction, but really a modern chassis and interface really in the heart of where the core business is. And so we think that's going to be a very important step forward in our core HPLC franchise. And will allow the seamless transition of that large Alliance base over time, both mixed and matched as well as new installs. So, a lot of the, a lot of the follow on innovation we've been doing in LC, in recent years has been more in the UPLC category. And we've had a lot of good refresh of the ACUITY line. And this is a very significant advancement, more in the heart of the traditional HPLC franchise, with whole method transfer in both directions.
Derik de Bruin: But I though that was sort of what the H-class was to begin with. It was basically allowing for method transfers.
Chris O'Connell: Yeah. And it's -- I mean again, this is -- that's true. But this is a broader-based product, more for the core Alliance space. It's also higher price than Alliance and has a number of key target applications in quality control laboratories, such as, batch release testing on small mole pharma. So this provides much greater coverage and ease of transition in that environment.
Derik de Bruin: Great, and so in -- Sherry, can you help me think about the gross margin going forward? I mean obviously there were a lot of costs, savings come out with it. And it was much better than we thought. How should we be thinking about that as some of the costs come in -- come back in?
Sherry Buck: Yeah. Hi, Derik, so yeah, as we think about gross margins in the second half. And as you noted there, and in my prepared remarks we did get a lot of benefit from the cost actions. So, while we still do have some remaining cost actions, they won't be as significantly impacted in the second half. And gross margin really becomes more of a factor of our volumes mix, FX and fixed cost absorption. So, just maybe to look at our first half performance, our gross margins in Q1 were about 55%. Largely that was a pretty depressed gross margin from it being a small quarter. We had some fixed cost absorption and kind of a one-time FX translation. Our Q2 was at 59% and was probably higher, just driven by the benefit of our temporary cost actions. So, if I were to look at a full year gross margin, I would look at it between kind of that high and low of our Q1 and Q2.
Derik de Bruin: Great. Thank you. I'll get back in the queue. And Chris, good luck on your next endeavor. Thank you.
Chris O'Connell: Thank you very much, Derik.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. It sounds like Chris maybe just talks a bit more about?
Chris O'Connell: Hey, Tycho, I think, I heard the gist of the question about the pace of the pharma recovery and projects across different sectors. I'll take a first crack at that. And then maybe you can follow-up and maybe get -- maybe your line will be a little better or my line there, as it may be. But yeah, pharma as I mentioned, let me just comment on, pharma, because pharma was our -- one of our better categories. And we've seen from the beginning has clearly been leading the recovery. Encouragingly, the recurring revenue, on a worldwide basis in pharma was positive in the quarter. And instruments were negative, but not as negative as the overall business. And so in that way we do see both the activity levels as well as the investment levels in pharma picking up. As I mentioned, we track our top global pharma accounts which are generally the largest multinationals. And they actually grew in the quarter and year-to-date. We also saw investment from CXOs. And even in markets like the U.S. they were a bit slower to recover in the quarter. Large molecule pharma was recovering more quickly, while we see some of that capital pause on the -- more on the small generic side. We've done a lot of research and surveying, if you will of our customer labs. And generally, labs or pharma labs are operating across the world at about two-thirds of their pre-COVID levels right now, but more than three-quarters of those labs expect to be more at normal levels sometime in the fall. Like I said, one thing we were really encouraged by particularly as we move through the quarter is that the chemistry revenues remained more resilient than we expected and service revenues were more solid than we expected. And so that to us indicates utilization of the base and pointing towards some investments later. We still think all the same things about underlying demand characteristics in small and large mol pharma for different reasons going into the future and are just positioning all of our new technology to take advantage of the continued recovery in pharma. I'd say, I'd point out in particular in China, we had strong recurring revenue growth in pharma even though instrument growth has been under some pressure. And Europe was also positive in terms of recurring revenue growth in pharma with U.S. slightly negative, but overall worldwide positive. So that's a pretty good indicator. And so maybe if there's something I missed about your question you can try another shot there.
Tycho Peterson: Yeah. And a lot of that your final -- is downstream -- the question was whether there's an opportunity – incremental opportunity for you guys?
Chris O’Connell: Yeah. You're right. About 70% of our business overall in pharma is small molecule and over 80% of all pharma business is either late-stage development or QA/QC. And then we do see opportunity there. I mean, we've been in a tough environment for the last year or so in some of that downstream environment where pharma investment has been tilted more towards the research development and discovery side. Some of the areas that we have our biggest areas of strength have been on balance less invested in. And so we think that there is pent-up demand building and that we're especially encouraged by the nice step forward in recurring revenues relative to our internal expectations in the quarter and expect some of that pattern to continue. So ultimately we know that volumes of large -- sorry -- of small molecule drugs are steadily marching forward around the world in the mid-single digits, and that ultimately will create demand on the instrument side. And we're -- as our strategy has been all along we want to meet that demand with a really refreshed new product line as it normalizes.
Tycho Peterson: And then lastly, Chris on China. You had said 90% of pharma was back online last quarter in regards to China. It was still down 20%. So is the pace of the recovery there beyond your expectations or no?
Chris O’Connell: Actually China exceeded our expectations Tycho in the quarter from overall revenue standpoint. You're right, about 90% of our pharma customers reported being open for business at the end of last quarter. That doesn't mean they're operating at 90% capacity, but their China customers continue to tick up. And so if I look at our first quarter and our second quarter on any metric whether it's total revenue or instrument revenue or recurring, they were all net positive moving in the right direction by a meaningful amount. And like I mentioned earlier on pharma recurring, China pharma recurring was up strong double digits and pharma overall recurring was up nearly double digits. So that recurring revenue service in chemistry piece was a helpful we think leading indicator of ultimately what will turn out to be instrument demand, although admittedly instrument demand continues to lag, although not nearly as impacted in Q2 as it was in Q1.
Tycho Peterson: Yeah. That’s the good thing.
Chris O’Connell: Yeah. Thank you Tycho.
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open.
Douglas Schenkel: Hey, good morning, and first off thanks Chris, and good luck on your future endeavors. I want to start on your commentary regarding the second half outlook. If you take a look at Street consensus numbers, it looks like investors were expecting at least a nominal return to revenue growth in the fourth quarter. I can see why you have two extra gains. You're up against a really favorable comparison. You described expectations for gradual improvement over the course of the year, and you talked a lot about new product momentum over the course of this call. So what specifically are you seeing or hearing that would make you confident enough to say today that you think Q4 revenue will decline year-over-year given as we all know it's -- there's a lot moving around right now and it's only late July?
Chris O’Connell: Yeah. Doug I think that's a very fair question. And, obviously, it's hard to look out too far in the, kind of, environment we are in because things change on a day-to-day, week-to-week basis. And we're -- we -- I would say a lot of our thinking on the back half of the year is just that it's thinking about trends and dynamics over the course of the half. And we do expect better conditions in the second half versus the first which is why we expect continued positive progress forward. But obviously, we don't ever want to put together a model that assumes everything goes right and all the recoveries are on some kind of a straight line. There is also more uncertainty than usual on year-end budget release. And so even if you look at a quarter like fourth quarter of a year ago, there was some more typical year-end budget release-type activity. And we think that's probably something that is more at risk this year than typical years, but we'll just have to wait and see. Obviously, we have more visibility on Q3 than we do on Q4 at this point and we'll just continue to try to provide clarity on how we think that's going to shape up as we move through the year.
Douglas Schenkel: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you for that. And then pivoting back to cost savings. On one hand, it could be argued that the cost actions you took during the quarter made a lot of sense given the uncertainty of the current environment. On the other hand, you cut pretty aggressively in a short period of time. You actually cut 50% of -- you got 50% of your target versus one-third of the goal that you had talked about last quarter and that included R&D declining $4 million sequentially. SG&A declined at a rate that exceeded that of your sales decline. Recognizing bringing back people now and seemingly starting to ramp some investment activity and your guidance actually seems to imply that you're going to reinvest pretty quickly. I'm just wondering as you sit here today should we have any concern that there could be at least a near-term hangover for Waters associated with really just the trajectory of these changes especially given how important investment in both R&D and SG&A arguably are in the context of reinvigorating company growth to levels that approach those of peers?
A – Chris O'Connell: It's interesting question. And we obviously thought a lot about how we wanted to shape the cost plan. Also, Sherry add some comments to this, but I'll just provide a bit of an overview. But we knew or we believe heading into the second quarter that that would probably be our period of most significant top line challenge. And so we did want to front end the savings. Keep in mind that the vast majority of our P&L investment is in people and so by really focusing on our savings that we wanted to achieve over the course of the whole year within a period we were able to do quite a bit. And also, we're able to ramp that up very quickly. I think we managed through that very, very well. Our employees as I mentioned are back. Salaries hours are restored. And we also did a lot of work around our R&D -- near-term R&D portfolio to orient those investments towards products that are going to have a bigger impact in the near-term. And we're excited about really an even better near-term product pipeline now than we had contemplated coming into the year. I'd also say that given the social distancing requirements and the remote work, we've been I think remarkably and surprisingly efficient and productive working from home for those who are not required to be at a facility. Even our R&D teams have been amazingly productive not just on the software side, but even on the core design side. So I think, we're emerging from this really well. I think we feel good about the fact that we've actually front-loaded this because it does clear the play a little bit to be in more investment mode right from the start of the second half. And that was our plan all along. And I think we feel very good about how we've managed through that. So maybe I'll ask Sherry to comment further.
A – Sherry Buck : No. Chris, the only thing I would add is that our employee base is excited to be back and we kind of managed through this really crucial time in Q2. And while there's still some volatility and unknowns in the second half, we're resuming projects that we've put on hold and accelerating and the workforce is excited to get back to business.
Douglas Schenkel: Okay. Thank you very much Chris and Sherry.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
Q – Dan Leonard : Thank you. So could you elaborate on month-to-month business trends within the quarter and maybe what the exit rate looked like exiting June or even early July?
A – Chris O'Connell: Hi, Dan. Sure. We generally don't want to provide too much of that and obviously quarter-end activity always has an impact. But what I'd say is that the second quarter typical to first had a much lower effect of the typical year-end capital purchasing given the environment, and so there is a little more balance in that sense. But a lot of the interesting insights of that question are probably more on a geography basis and maybe one I'd call out as an example is the US, which actually started quite slow because of the level of containment efforts we saw in April and particularly in the recurring revenues of chemistry, but the US was very soft in April and then better in May and actually quite encouraging in June. So we saw that type of progression in a market that obviously went through quite a bit of change in terms of the overall operating environment. I guess the other thing I'd say is that we track service data really, really closely, and things like service -- case rate customer access, and that data indicates that customer activity really in all major geographies, starting with China and then across Europe, India and the Americas improved as we move through the quarter, and in many geographies that service case rate data and customer access data is heading towards normalization. So that's probably the best indicator we have of overall activity and access is the ability of the service rep to get in there, and those were consistently better month to month in each major geography.
Dan Leonard: Okay. Thank you for that color. And my follow-up is a bit similar to Doug's question. I'm hoping to get a bit more color or elaboration on the decline in the R&D spend, the 15% dollar decline year-on-year. In your comment that you're reorienting some things in the R&D budget, is there anything maybe specifically we might have been looking for that was cut and possible to get an update on the progress of waters_connect? Thank you.
Chris O'Connell: Yes. No, I don't think there's anything really to read into that. A lot of the cost savings in different functions reflect the labor savings component and R&D is obviously a very labor-intensive effort. And we actually feel like net-net, we improved our R&D pipeline, particularly in the near term, and there was nothing major from something in terms of what will affect revenue and our outlook that sort of came off the books, if you will. We were very efficient during this period, and it's not a mode you want to operate in on an ongoing basis, but our team really rallied, and like Sherry said, people are really excited to be back. waters_connect, you mentioned, is obviously a major software platform, and as I alluded to and even stated last quarter, the productivity of our software engineering has actually got up during COVID with remote work. And we continue to meet or exceed all milestones on the waters_connect platform and are really excited about what that means strategically for the company in the future.
Dan Leonard: Great. Thank you.
Chris O'Connell: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the time here. And Chris, I'd say thanks for all your help in our second time working together in this type of relationship.
Chris O'Connell: Thank you.
Steve Beuchaw: I wanted to ask about a couple of things, just going into a little bit more detail on points that have been addressed on the call. One is China. Chris, I might direct it your way, and the other is on the cost-savings program, which I might direct to Sherry. Chris, as it relates to China, it's a very different operating environment relative to the rest of the world, in part, because of the way they're going about stimulus with a pretty unique approach in terms of the way they're going about monetary stimulus, while at the same time there are some fiscal challenges. Can you talk about to what extent that's weighing in how you think about the back half? And then if you wouldn't mind elaborating a little bit on the commentary around the GPO dynamics in China. I've certainly been hearing the same, but hadn't heard that terminology used there all that much thus far. And then for Sherry, before I jump back in queue, pretty simple and though the math might be a little complicated, as you think about the cost savings that you've implemented this year, if you look out beyond this year, think about 2021 and beyond, how much of that cost savings do you think you hold on to over time? Thanks a lot.
Chris O'Connell: Great. Thanks, Steve, and I'll take the first one and then Sherry can take the second. So, China is a different environment, but is also one we obviously know very well. Historically, exactly what you described on the stimulus side, it's been a boon to the markets there. And what I would say, that a lot of our assumptions for the back half of the year do not anticipate a meaningful change or direct impact of that type of fiscal stimulus, if you will, or monetary stimulus. Obviously, the one factor that would be helpful, as we recover in China, would be for the government tendering to return to some normal activity, which certainly can be related to the stimulus. So that's the piece that's held us back in China. But a lot of the more tangible improvement in market conditions is related to the commercial sector, the business sector, if you will. And so, our assumptions in China just continue to call for that steady ramp back up of, not just customer openness, but customer activity level in the labs. And let me also clarify and answer the second part of that, on the GPO, just to be really clear what that is. The GPO now is now the common name that we use to refer to the 4+7 program. So the 4+7 competitive bidding process for generic drugs which began as a pilot program at the beginning of last year was originally called 4+7. Now it's commonly known as GPO and it has gone through several rounds. As you know there was a first national round or what some people called second round late in 2019, which was the same 25 drugs that had been through the pilot in the 11 4+7 cities. That extended to 27 provinces. And then, there was the third round, or what they call the second national GPO round, which happened earlier this year, actually in January, which extended to 25 new drugs in 32 provinces or all provinces and approximately double the value of total sales going through. As I've said many times, before we think this is a real positive long term in the sense that China is trying to scale its generic drug supply and give many more people access. So volumes are going up. There's been almost an inordinate profit pool there that is targeted. And even with GPO prices, the generic industry's profitability in China is now probably on par with the rest of the world, not ahead of the world. So we don't think it's devastating any way. In fact, we think it's very much in keeping with the economics of other health systems. And we've been on balance more successful with the winners of these tenders, since they've tended to be larger companies. And so, all of our beliefs about the GPO program, as it rolls forward and even reflects in provincial, kind of, systems remain. And we've seen the positivity in terms of our recurring revenue and believe that portends future rising demand for instruments. So anyway, I'll pause there on the GPO and hand it over to Sherry on the outlook for cost savings into the future.
Sherry Buck: Yes. Thanks, Steve. So if you look at the cost savings that we took against our original plan from the year, a lot of those had to do around actions around our salaries, hours and adjusting the workforce during this second quarter, where we were a little bit more challenged. The other buckets of our cost savings had to do with nondiscretionary travel, because the things were locked down. So I would say, in general, that we would expect these were temporary and that we would see these come back next year and normalize. Obviously, during this time, we've learned how to be more efficient and effective using digital and video and that type of thing. But I'd say, largely we'd expect these to come back next year.
Steve Beuchaw: All right. Thanks for all the color, guys.
Chris O'Connell: Okay. Thanks.
Steve Beuchaw: Have a great morning.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thanks. We probably have more. Time for one more question we can squeeze in.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Jack Meehan with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Chris and Sherry, I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color, just around the expectations for capital equipment in the second half of the year. I know it's tricky, given the progress of lab closures. But maybe some color around how order trends were in the second quarter and just what you're seeing across academic and industrial customers would be helpful.
Chris O'Connell: Sure Jack. Happy to take that. So capital equipment as we look at the quarter, we've modeled certain demand for instruments. We actually came in a little bit better than our model in the second quarter. And so conditions were slightly more favorable in the quarter relative to capital purchasing than we expected and we expect that to continue. And so, while we still see some year-over-year declines in capital spending in the back half of the year it's on a -- it should be on a much improved trajectory. And as I mentioned before here, the largest uncertainty on that as we look out into the rest of the year, its really around what year-end kind of budget activity looks like that typically we see in this industry. That's led by pharma. As I mentioned pharma instruments were better than the rest. But if you look at the industrial and academic side those have been held back in part because on the industrial labs. Particularly in the food and environmental area there's been less activity. Some of that's government activity which has been a little slower government and academic. And then generally the government and academic sector, while actually turning out better than we expected in the quarter is still curtailed by delays in university re-openings and restrictions to government funding particularly tender programs. So I think we're just stepping through this. We do expect modest improvement in that environment over the quarter with the caveat on the end of the year and we'll see how it plays out.
Jack Meehan: Yes. I think that's all fair. And then I can appreciate still expect revenue to decline in the second half of the year. I was hoping to get just a little bit more color on chemistry sales within the quarter just the performance for pharma. And as demand starts to stabilize into the second half of the year, do you think chemistry could actually turn positive in the third quarter? Or do you expect that to be negative as well?
Chris O'Connell: Yes. Sure. That's a good one to close on because the strength of our chemistry franchise and that is a leading indicator on business coming back overall. So we actually headed into the quarter with an assumption on chemistry that we pretty handily beat. Our chemistry performance was actually quite a bit better in the quarter than we expected and that actually improved through the quarter a little bit, as I mentioned in one of the previous questions on gating. Our outlook for the remainder of the year assumes sort of the continuation of where we've been with a little bit of modest improvement. And certainly as we see more laboratory operations moving towards normalization, some of the assumptions that we made on volumes and then purchasing activity around customers should continue to sort of brighten as we move over the course of the quarter end and certainly could envision that particular type of category turning positive as we get towards the end of the year and in general with recurring revenue as well. So we do see sort of the lead back if you will to positivity and growth probably first showing itself through the chemistry line and the service line and could be -- could see that as we get towards the fourth quarter. So anyway we feel really good about that franchise and it is a bit of a leading indicator as to where the business is headed. So maybe I'll pause there Jack. I know we're a little bit over time so we have to wrap up the call.
Jack Meehan: Yes. Thanks Chris.
Chris O'Connell: You got it. So thanks everybody for your great questions. In conclusion for the second quarter those sales in the overall first half of the year were negatively impacted by COVID-19 pandemic. Our team continued to execute well. We have seen an increasing contribution from new products and global market conditions improved more than we originally anticipated during the second quarter. So although the trajectory of the global COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain, we do expect market conditions to improve modestly in the second half of the year and as always remain sharply focused on executing on our primary growth strategy of organic innovation and we believe we're well positioned to leverage our significant new product pipeline as demand normalizes. So on behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q3, 2020 call which we currently anticipate holding on October 27, 2020. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference call. The conference call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation’s first quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible market and business conditions company expects for the second quarter and full year 2020. We caution you that all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the risks factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning’s press release, including with respect to risks related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We further caution you that the Company does not intend to update any of its predictions or projections, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts, or as otherwise required by law. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 28, 2020. During today’s call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and available on the Company’s website. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results, which exclude the impact of items, such as those outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning’s press release. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today’s call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Chris O'Connell, Waters’ President and Chief Executive Officer. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier, joining me on this morning’s call is Sherry Buck, Waters’ Chief Financial Officer. I hope you and your loved ones are doing well at this challenging time and staying positive as we all strive to overcome the global COVID-19 public health and macroeconomic challenge. Like most of you, we are all working from home, so please bear with us if we encounter any unforeseen audio issues with today’s call.  During today’s call, I will provide an overview of our first quarter operating results as well as some broader commentary on the impact that COVID-19 is having on our markets and businesses. Sherry will then review our financial results in detail and discuss our financial actions as it relates to the balance sheet and cost structure. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions.  As you well know, the COVID-19 global pandemic is a significant challenge for the world that is putting extraordinary pressure on the economy, our customers, employees, and their families. I would like to personally extend my gratitude for the hard work and dedication that everyone has shown over the past few months.  I’d especially like to thank all of our dedicated employees who have been working in our manufacturing facilities, laboratories, and distribution centers ensuring that we can supply our products and expertise to our customers.  I also want to thank our talented field service engineers who have been on the frontlines, installing and maintaining critical analytical instruments and data systems to support the ongoing work of our customers.  These efforts are incredible and truly inspire me, but they don’t surprise me as I have consistently seen our great people step up to deliver benefit to our customers under all conditions.  To briefly review our operating results for the first quarter, Q1 sales declined 8% and adjusted earnings per share declined 28%. The biggest COVID-19 impact on our business in Q1 was China, which declined 45% in the quarter impacting total company sales by approximately 8 percentage points in constant currency.  As severe containment actions were implemented in China at the time of the spring festival, economic activity and demand significantly decelerated and these conditions persisted through the quarter. On a positive note, it was encouraging to see flat sales ex-China for the quarter and 4% growth ex-China through week 12 of Q1 before broader containment actions went into place in the U.S., Europe, and India.  Rapidly changing market conditions in these geographies during the final week of the quarter included declining access to customer sites as well as the inability of some customers to place and receive instrument orders.  Through four weeks of Q2, we have seen signs of recovery in China and other parts of Asia and Europe, though we expect the conditions seen at the end of Q1 in the U.S., India, and some parts of Europe will persist into Q2 making the second quarter likely more challenging than the first quarter.  As we operate in this fluid environment, we have five overriding priorities: number one, putting the health, safety, and well-being of our employees and customers first; number two, ensuring business continuity; number three, maintaining financial strength, flexibility, and liquidity; number four, actively planning for recovery, particularly in maximizing the benefit of our strong new product flow; and number five, contributing our expertise and capabilities in the global fight against COVID-19.  Let me say a little bit more about each of these five priorities. First, the health, safety, and well-being of our employees and our customers is our clear top priority. At every stage of the pandemic, we have taken decisive and appropriate cautions, including a mandatory remote work policy for all employees with the exception of manufacturing, distribution, and certain laboratory environments, as well as bans on non-essential travel and visitors into our facilities.  Early on, we engaged a medical advisor to guide our policy deployment and we continue to take proactive measures to ensure the health of our global employee base and the safety of all customer interactions.  Our second priority is to ensure business continuity. The vast majority of the markets we serve, most notably the pharmaceutical, biomedical research, food and environmental, and clinical markets have continued to operate at various levels, and we are working closely with these customers to ensure their seamless operation.  Over the last several years, Waters has executed on a digital workplace strategy focused on providing modern connectivity and collaboration tools to our employees. Our strategic technology investments have enabled us to swiftly meet the remote working needs as the situation has escalated.  From a customer-facing standpoint, we are leveraging digital demand generation activities, including virtual demos across all regions, remote instrument installations, virtual sales seminars, online product training, and a rapid acceleration in one-to-one communications over emails, phone, and video conferencing.  We also recently launched a new customer portal on waters.com, enabling a convenient and personalized online experience that’s more mobile-friendly augmenting the recent expansion of our digital commerce capabilities. We are continuing to invest to provide our customers a similar world-class experience through digital means as they receive in person, and we are seeing great customer engagement.  From a supply chain standpoint, we have proactively and successfully secured access to raw materials for ongoing manufacturing needs, and we are working closely with our transportation providers to minimize any disruption to our distribution network. At this time, we do not anticipate any immediate supply or distribution concerns during the second quarter and are actively mitigating potential risks.  Our third priority is maintaining our financial strength, flexibility, and liquidity under a range of business scenarios. We are seeking to balance prudent management of all areas of our spend, while continuing to invest in growth initiatives.  We are taking a proactive approach to preserving balance sheet strength and liquidity, as well as to appropriately right-size our cost structure for the unpredictable months ahead. Specifically, we have paused our share repurchase program until we return to a more stable and predictable business environment.  We are also taking actions in 2020 that will reduce our cost structure by about $100 million, as well as actions that will result in about $45 million of cash flow improvement from CapEx and working capital management. Sherry will provide more details on these measures during her remarks.  Fourth, we are actively planning for a variety of recovery scenarios with particular emphasis on maximizing the impact of our exciting new product cycle, including products launched in the last year as well as new technology coming to the market this year. In the context of our cost measures, R&D investments continue to be a priority, especially those that will contribute to near-term growth.  We remain sharply focused on our primary growth strategy of organic innovation, and as stated before, we have made durable improvements in R&D productivity positioning us well to benefit as demand normalizes and for the long-term.  Finally, while we are not assuming a material financial benefit, we have mobilized quickly to contribute our expertise and capabilities in the fight against COVID-19. We formed a COVID-19 innovation response team to bring Waters’ industry-leading expertise to the forefront of the global scientific surge to quickly and effectively deliver diagnostics, therapies, and vaccines. By extending our resources to scientists that are working on the challenging biology of the virus and pursuing a range of interventions, we know that we can help accelerate the push to defeat COVID-19.  A few examples include, first, Waters has donated columns, service and instrumentation to hospital laboratories in Milan, Turin, and Rome in Italy and in Bordeaux, León, Marseille and Paris in France. These donations are supporting drug monitoring and research for potential Coronavirus therapies.  Second, in the UK and Ireland, our team has been working overtime to quickly deliver specialized mass spectrometry instruments for researchers for measuring potential new COVID-19 drugs in experimental models of the SARS, COV2 infection.  And finally, we are providing our unique glycan analysis capabilities to vaccine developers. The significance of the glycosylation is the antigen is underscored by numerous recent publications on the structural biology of the SARS COV2 spike protein. We are enabling high resolution, high sensitivity and molecular glycan fingerprints in just minutes versus the days typically needed with traditional approaches.  Turing to guidance. As a result of the uncertainties surrounding the magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our customers, we are withdrawing our prior 2020 guidance, which as a reminder, explicitly did not include any impact from the COVID-19 pandemic.  However, I will provide you with some color to help you better understand our current thinking. We have built a range of scenarios by categorizing each geography into one of three phases of the COVID-19 pandemic, containment, recovery and return to growth.  Importantly, we anticipate that the previously mentioned cost actions provide us with adequate flexibility even in our most conservative scenarios. Looking at the various geographies, we believe that the U.S., India, Japan and parts of Europe are currently in the containment phase and we expect these geographies to move into recovery in the second half of the year.  We believe that China, many parts of Asia and some parts of Europe are currently in the recovery phase and while there is a possibility for a second wave of the virus, we see them on an improving trajectory.  For geographies operating within the containment phase, we expect continuing limitations to customer sites. In these areas, pharma production and QA QC activity remains stable, though we expect positives in non-essential customer spending. At the same time, many resources in pharma R&D have shifted to COVID-19-related projects.  In terms of service, we are generating revenues through a mix of direct and remote access to their facilities and we are seeing growth where customers have contracted service plans. For geographies operating in the recovery phase, we are expecting a pickup in demand for recurring revenues and some stabilization in demand for instruments.  That said, we anticipate that purchasing activity in governmental and academic markets may lag corporate customers. When geographies enter the return to growth phase, we expect recurring revenue growth to normalize and for instruments to see growth supported by the release of previously budgeted spending.  As we look through signs of recovery and growth, we are closely monitoring service calls, quoting activity, recurring revenue trends and customer capital purchasing plans. Market dynamics aside, we remain sharply focused on our primary growth strategy of organic innovation.  Looking at the Waters’ product line, new products contributed positively to our performance in Q1 including the BioAccord, Cyclic IMS, SYNAPT XS and our two new tandem quads furthering our confidence in a multi-year revenue ramp for these products. Our confidence in having the right technology at the right time has been bolstered by evolving customer needs.  For example, we recently received multiple BioAccord orders from a major global pharma customer as this unique system and application set is truly fit for purpose for certain COVID-19 vaccine development and monitoring requirements.  In our TA instruments product line, the first quarter featured three important new product launches, the Discovery X3 Scanning Calorimeter, Discovery Hybrid Rheometers, and the TAM IV, Micro XL isothermal, Microcalorimeter.  Each of these instruments builds greater productivity and efficiency to the development of next-generation high-performance materials, and we believe will further enhance our innovation leadership in the thermal analysis market.  In summary, sales in our first quarter were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Aside from China, our largest geographies were performing well until week 13, when many countries within them implemented containment measures which impacted the close to Q1 and have created uncertainty in the near-term.  That said, the Waters business model has historically proven sustainable through challenging macroeconomic environments driven by our global footprint, large install base of instruments, strong recurring revenue mix and diverse largely regulated end-markets. These factors have had a limiting impact on periods of negative revenue growth and supported consistent free cash flow in most scenarios.  We are confident that our strong balance sheet, access to capital, focus on preserving flexibility and liquidity and our robust new product flow will translate into a sustained bounce back as markets conditions allow.  With that, I would like to pass the call over to Sherry for a deeper review of our first quarter financials. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In my comments today, I will review our first quarter results and provide more details on the actions we have implemented to mitigate the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic.  In the first quarter, we recorded net sales of $465 million, which is down 8% against the prior year in constant currency. Currency translation decreased sales growth by approximately 2% resulting in a 10% decline as reported. Excluding China, this was more significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in the quarter, constant currency sales were flat against the prior year.  As a reminder, since previous guidance for Q1 and full year results excluded any impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic. During the quarter, sales into our pharmaceutical markets were down 6%, our industrial category declined 7% and sales into our academic and governmental category were down 22%.  Looking at product line growth, our recurring revenue which represents the combination of service and precision chemistry was flat in the quarter, while instrument sales declined 19%. As we noted on our last earnings call, recurring revenues during the first quarter of 2020 were impacted by one less calendar day in the quarter, which resulted in a slight reduction in recurring revenue.  Looking ahead, there was no year-over-year difference in the number of calendar days during the second or third quarters, but there are key additional calendar days in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to 2019. Chemistry revenues were down 1% in the quarter, as weakness in academic and governmental offset pharma growth. On the service side of our business, revenues were flat as mid-single-digit growth in service contract revenues were offset by a decline in on-demand service revenues and spare parts.  Breaking first quarter product sales down further, sales related to Waters branded products and services declined 9%, while sales of TA branded products and services declined 4%. Combined LC and LC/MS instrument platform sales declined by 21% and TA’s instrument sales declined by 5%.  Looking at our growth rates in the first quarter geographically, and on a constant currency basis, sales in Asia were down 19% driven by a 45% decline in China and sales in Americas were down 5% with a 4% decline in the U.S. flat while European sales grew 4%. Excluding China, Asia was up 2%.  Now I'd like to comment on our first quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 54.7%, compared to 57% in the first quarter of 2019. The lower gross margin relative to the prior year was primarily driven by foreign exchange rates, and lower manufacturing fixed cost absorption. Moving down the first quarter P&L, operating expenses increased by approximately 3% on a constant currency basis and foreign currency translation decreased operating expense growth by approximately 1.5% on a reported basis. In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was 11.3% compared to 10.8% in the prior year as a result of discrete items in the prior year quarter.  Net interest expense was $10 million, an increase of about $7 million as anticipated. Our average share count came in at 62.6 million shares, a share count reduction of approximately 14% or about 10 million shares lower than in the first quarter of last year.  Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the first quarter declined to $1.15 in comparison to $1.60 last year, as a result of lower sales due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share declined to $0.86, compared to $1.51 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment, and our balance sheet, I'd like to summarize our first quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excluding special items.  In the first quarter of 2020 free cash flow came in at $121 million after funding $31 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $21 million related to investment in our new Taunton chemistry facility. In the first quarter, this resulted in $0.26 of each dollar sales converted into free cash flow.  During the quarter, we also deployed $80 million of capital relating to the acquisition of Andrew Alliance. This investment broadens our technology portfolio to include advanced robotics and software that will possibly impact our customers’ workforce across pharmaceuticals, life sciences and material science markets.  In terms of returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased approximately 800,000 shares of our common stock for $187 million in the first quarter consistent with our previously communicated buyback plan.  These capital allocation activities, along with our free cash flow resulted in cash and short-term investments of $394 million and debt of $1.9 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. This resulted in a net debt position of $1.5 billion and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 1.9 times at the end of first quarter.  Turning to working capital, accounts receivable, days sales outstanding came in at 99 days this quarter, up compared to the first quarter of last year and inventories increased by $11 million in comparison to the prior year quarter, due to the flowing demand related to COVID-19.  Waters has a strong balance sheet, access to liquidity and well structured debt maturity profile. We have $1.2 billion of available liquidity at the end of first quarter inclusive of our bank revolver and about $400 million in cash and short-term investments.  Given the uncertain global business environment related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the anticipated impact on our business, we’ve implemented a comprehensive program to reduce our cost base and have revised our capital deployment plans to better align our operations and investments with the near-term growth challenge.  I would like to walk you through these actions. From a P&L perspective, we’ve taken actions to reduce our cost structure by approximately $100 million for the year. We’ve reduced the base salaries of our CEO, executive committee and vice presidents as outlined in the press release issued this morning.  We’ve implemented a combination of furlough, reduced work schedules and salaries actions across the organization for a 90-day period and reduced non-essential operating expenses, implemented a hiring freeze and adjusted certain benefit programs.  From a capital deployment perspective, we’ve revised the current year plans to better align operations and investments with the current operating environment. These actions will improve cash flow by about $45 million of the remainder of the year. We have delayed certain capital expenditures while continuing to maintain business plan objectives.  We’ve revised production plans to better align with our updated demand forecast to reduce inventory. We’ve taken other actions to reduce working capital requirements. In terms of returning capital to shareholders while our future capital structure target of approximately 2.5 times net debt-to-EBITDA remains unchanged, our immediate focus is on maintaining financial flexibility and preserving liquidity.  As a result, we have temporarily paused share repurchases until we see a more stable and predictable business environment. Additionally, we’ve suspended our previous full year guidance that we shared in our Q4 earnings call to repurchase $800 million of shares during 2020.  We expect these actions will provide us with adequate flexibility and a variety of potential recovery scenarios, we are closely monitoring our business conditions and we’ll adjust these action plans as appropriate.  As Chris shared earlier, this is a fluid environment related to COVID-19, we will not be providing usual financial guidance that we normally do. However, there are few data points that might be helpful for full year modeling.  Currently, currency translation is expected to decrease sales growth by about one percentage point and to negatively impact earnings per share by about three percentage points. Net interest expense is expected to be in the range of $40 million to $42 million, primarily due to lower interest rates.  Now I would like to turn the call back to Chris for some summary comments. Chris? 
Christopher O'Connell: Thank you, Sherry. As we move through 2020 and our management of the COVID-19 crisis, we are staying focused on our long-term innovation strategy and investments that support a sustained recovery as market conditions improve. We are confident in the durability of the opportunity in our end-markets, our strong market position and our consistent strategy.  With that, we will now begin the Question-And-Answer Session. As we are not always able to get to everyone’s questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please contact the Water Investor Relations team after the call. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question is Derik de Bruin - Bank of America. 
Derik de Bruin : Hi, good morning. So, can you talk a little bit more about some of the recovery in your emerging markets, just basically – just questioning – you mentioned you saw some pickup in China and some pickup in some of the other European geographies, can you talk a little bit more about that and specifically what you are seeing?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Derek and hope you are well. We have established a really robust framework for how to think about recovery, and as you might imagine it’s not a one size, fits all approach. Every geography is really undergoing a different dynamic as it relates to two primary dimensions of recovery.  One is the overall spread of the virus, and what the local public health response is, and the other dimension being the knockout effects of that approach to the local economic conditions, and there’s obviously a wide range of programs around the world. China, which went through this first, I would characterize as seeing a steady recovery that continues to gain traction at this point in time, about 90% of our customers in the pharmaceutical sector have restarted production, and there has been a very phased approach affecting both the customer operations as well as even our own offices and employees as they go serve.  There are some geographies that have bounced back more quickly. If you look at Korea as an example, which actually is now our number five country in the world. As you know from the papers, they had a very assertive testing policy and program early in the process, and they are really back almost in the return to growth phase.  The European countries I referred to, Europe is very much a mix bag. Some countries, including the UK and countries in Southern Europe like Spain, Italy, and France are very much still in containment, while other countries in Central Europe and even Eastern Europe, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Denmark, et cetera are more in a recovery phase.  Again, very, very local dynamics there. It’s also hard to categorize them in emerging and developed for the reason I just stated in Europe, but also another example of an emerging market that was actually doing very, very well in Q1 until the end of the quarter was India where India as you know, at that point in time, in the last week of March went into severe lockdown mode. They still are in that mode.  And so, while India had a very strong start to the year, they are very quiet now and hopefully, those measures will be effective in hastening their recovery in the back half of the year. So, it’s really quite different depending on where you are in the world and our model looks at a number of scenarios, a base case scenario, a conservative scenario and an optimistic scenario for each country around the world depending on where they are in those recovery phases.  And obviously, most of our focus is on the base case and the conservative case in terms of our modeling and cost actions, not spending too much time on the optimistic scenario. Otherwise, though in the case where opportunity materializes faster, we are prepared to take advantage of that. So, it just requires a very agile management process and we feel good about the way we are approaching it. 
Derik de Bruin : Great. And just one follow up if I may. Can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing with your chemical and some of your industrial customers, just as obviously we are approaching recession, it looks like we're going be in a recession scenario, how are they thinking to sort of beyond the initial COVID impact?  Are you seeing people pulling back heavily on their CapEx plans there? Thank you. I’ll get back in the queue. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Derek. It’s a bit of a mixed bag, on the industrial side. As you know about half of our industrial business is food and environmental, and environmental piece that’s actually been recently robust through this and about half of this is the material science, the chemical and polymer piece.  Overall, the industrial category for us in the quarter was down about the same as pharma, and the mix of that was China taking a bigger hit, U.S. down in that mid-single-digit range, actually Europe grew on the industrial side in the quarter. And so, it is a little bit of a mixed bag. We are seeing some industrial customers hold back.  We don't really see many outright closures per se. And we have seen some investment on the polymer side. These markets were pretty soft last year, and we believe there is some pent-up demand and we are actually seeing, I would say, reasonable tone in the industrial end-markets. Although, as you know, those markets are a lot more instrument-oriented with less recurring revenue, particularly in the TA instruments side.  So, watching it carefully. But at this point, it’s probably too hard to overly generalize. There is pockets of strength and weakness there.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Arias, Stifel. Your line is open. 
Daniel Arias : Good morning guys. Thanks. Chris, on the pharma side, can you just talk a little bit about how things look if you separate out the large molecule which I think it’s about 30% or so of the mix from small molecule. And then, what your expectations look like if you are just trying to assess the components of pharma demand this year by pipeline?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes, so, pharma – thanks, Dan. I hope you are well. The – on the pharma side of the business, which is a little more than half of our revenue, and as you correctly pointed out, it’s about a 70:30 split. We were actually seeing really solid pharma business through the week 12. We were up in the mid-single digits on both the small mol and large mol little bit better.  So some decent start to the year before a lot of the containment activities outside of China, that is those numbers are outside of China. China obviously is a real outlier for the quarter. And so, the way we are looking at that is, the manufacturing, QA QC part of the business, we’ve seen continued operations, we’ve seen growth in QA QC outside of China. We’ve seen fairly steady recurring revenues although more growth where we have contracted service plans and where there is more full production. Some QA QC has been on split shifts or rationalized capacity. We see that in the contract segment as well. But we are basically expecting to see reasonable – reasonably stable conditions on the QA QC side.  On the innovation side, much R&D does continue. Some of it has been devoted to COVID. As you know, there is more than 200 trials underway for COVID-19 therapies and up to a 100 different vaccine programs out there right now, six of which are already in trial. So, as I alluded to in my remarks, we’ve seen some nice response in that segment.  Obviously, China is a big part of the overall pharma picture and that’s certainly colored our Q1 results. But, we feel – we are glad that we have such a nice concentration of pharma in our overall portfolio and expect that to be a reasonably stable market as we move through this and improve over the course of the year. 
Daniel Arias : Okay. I appreciate that color. And then, Sherry, any help you can offer in terms of the extent to which the $100 million will flow through R&D versus SG&A? And then, on the $100 million, is there a back half weighting that we should think about for the cost savings or you are looking to have the portion of the cost structure in the current quarter and match when you are trying to do overall? How aggressive you’ve been in 2Q?
Sherry Buck : Thanks. Happy to answer that. So, the cost actions we’ve put in place, a lot of them related to employee-related actions from salaries, furloughs, work schedules really trying to right-size particularly in the second quarter as we expect it to be more challenging likely than Q1. And then other non-essential cost that we can defer.  So the $100 million in cost actions, the base against that is really can start internal plan that we’ve been working on for the year 2020. The savings with flow through about three quarters of the flow through operating expenses and about a quarter of it was flow through of cost of goods sold.  As far as the timing, we did see some benefit of it in Q1 and we see – plan to see about a third of those cost actions flow through in Q2, kind of that 90-day period we talked about with some of the actions, and that would flow into a little bit of Q3, but then the remainder of it would be in the second half. 
Daniel Arias : Okay. Thanks very much to you all guys.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Dan. Next question please. 
Operator: Next question is from Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan. 
Tycho Peterson: Hey, good morning. Chris, you haven’t preannounced six of the last seven which is I think, but given the magnitude of the unique environment and the fact most of your peers did preannounce, I am just curious why you didn’t feel this was warranted to get out there ahead of the call?  And then secondly, as we think about China, I appreciate the color. Can you just talk a little bit more on pharma versus food in China and instruments and consumables maybe a little bit more color on to the end-markets? And then, any color you can provide on April trends in the U.S. and Europe relative to last two weeks of March? 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Tycho. As you know, it’s been a very fluid environment here and as we noted in our Q4 earnings call, we didn’t include any impact of COVID in our guidance. And as I mentioned before, other than China, which I think we all knew was in a challenging environment in Q1. We were actually operating within our plans really through almost until the end of the quarter.  And so, as we closed the books, we just felt it would be better to issue our results when we saw the biggest and fullest picture possible, both what happened in the quarter and our expectations going forward and try to incorporate all the different steps we are taking to navigate the environment. And so, that’s why we took the approach we took.  In terms of China and color on some of the different categories, pharma, if you look at the overall China result of down 45%, pharma was roughly in that range. Pharma is about half of our business there. The food business suffered primarily because a lot of the import export restrictions that went into place put a bit of a hold on laboratory type activity.  And so, food was down in similar ranges and academic and government obviously was the area of greatest weakness in China as a lot of universities were closed for the bulk of the quarter and the government was delaying tenders and we do expect that government environment where there is quite a bit of food business as well to continue to remain soft as the country looks at recovery, that recovery should be led by the more of the industrial corporate sector, particularly the pharmaceutical business.  In terms of the instruments and the recurring revenues, we saw an impact on both parts of that business. Certainly, to the extent we were serving customers and operating facilities and had access we were able to maintain some recurring revenues although as you know that the contracted service plans are less of a mix in China than they are in other parts of the world.  So, we saw it also in the on-demand service and in the parts – spare parts business. But China went through a pretty significant lockdown where a lot of activity went on hold and that activity is coming back as I mentioned, which is steadily being managed very tops down in that environment, in that operating environment and we expect to improve directionally in Q2 and recover more fully in the back half of the year. 
Tycho Peterson: And then, on the $100 million in cost out, obviously, a lot of that’s focused on salaries and some of the hourly workforce. Can you just give us comfort that that’s not going to impact some of the growth initiatives given that you've moved share loss in the past? How do we get comfortable that you are not cutting into potential growth opportunities going forward?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. That was our guiding principle of course. We wanted to match some of our spending needs. We made some calculations as I alluded to for in a conservative scenario, how do we maintain the financial flexibility that we’ve always enjoyed.  And so we modeled some numbers for the year and said how we pull that into a short concentrated period and we looked at programs both capital and projects that were going well that we had an ability to still meet our objectives on and just take a temporary pause. And obviously, shared the burden of salary reductions or hours reductions across much of the workforce.  But one of our guiding principles has been to sustain the momentum we have in new product commercialization and in fact, we believe we’ve found ways not just to sustain our near-term pipeline, but actually to enhance it for benefit, to give us benefit in the second half of the year. And so, we’ve taken a very, very thoughtful approach.  We took time to do it the right way. And we’ve stayed very, very close to our entire employee base and with tons of communication and context and feel good about the balance that we’ve struck there. But our growth initiatives – our primary growth initiatives are very much intact and as I alluded to in the remarks, our products portfolio, particularly on the mass spec sided, where we had acknowledged some share pressure in recent years is doing very well, actually very well in Q4.  It led our performance through much of the first quarter until the containment measures hit in and when we look at our pipeline strength in the future, we do see the benefit of our new products.  Next question please?
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Schenkel, Cowen and Company. 
Douglas Schenkel : Hey, good morning everybody and glad to hear you are doing well. So, you talked about holding back on working capital spends. I am thinking that in building less inventory. If we were to move into recovery quickly than expected which would obviously be great news for all of us, is there any concern that you wouldn’t be optimally positioned to play offense and along those lines, your working assumption that instrument revenue that you expected in the first half.  But it isn’t coming in due to the pandemic isn’t necessarily going to come back in the second half as customers work through challenges and the hangover associated with what’s going on right now?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Sure. Doug, happy to it. We think we have a lot of room on our inventory and I’ll let Sherry add to this if she like. But the inventory management piece is certainly prioritizing making sure we have plenty of capacity in some of the faster moving technologies once where we have visibility to pipeline.  So, we match our inventory goals and inventory reduction goals as needed against dynamics in terms of where we expect our pipeline to be. So even with some of the smart working capital spend management, we think we will be perfectly able to be responsive and to play offense in fact if conditions allow.  And that’s why we’ve actually, as I alluded to before, assembled an optimistic case scenario. So while we are focused more on our base case for planning and our conservative case for liquidity management, and financial flexibility, we do have our eye on what that would look like and make sure that we wouldn’t miss a beat should things improve a little bit faster.  Relative to the second part of your question, Doug, where instruments got that we expected in the first quarter or even in the second quarter, given the near-term caution or less likely – we really believe at all of our pipeline analysis says that those are delays not cancellations.  We still think that when we look at our quoting activity in our sales pipeline, in our order book, while they do reflect that near-term caution in general, I’d say, in particularly on our pharmaceutical customers there is an optimism about the future and an intent to returning to investing for growth in the foreseeable future.  Obviously, we’ll update that as we move through the year. But we see more of a pause in that spending and don’t have any real evidence of any cancellation type activity in scale. 
Douglas Schenkel : Okay. That’s super helpful. And just a quick follow-up. Regarding recurring revenue, I mean, that was nearly flat in the quarter. I know there were some pressure in geographies beyond China late in the quarter.  I am just wondering along those lines, if you’d be willing to quantify how recurring revenue trended real late in March globally and early April and if there is any ability to use that as a launching pattern to how you are thinking about recurring revenue specifically in the second quarter essentially, have things kind of at least leveled off at late April levels. Thank you. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. So, I’ll just maybe a little bit of color on that, thanks. Yes, the recurring revenues for the quarter were flattish as you mentioned and we are trending better than that towards the end of the quarter. We normally do have purchasing activity at the end of the quarter on consumables just as we do on instruments, not to the degree, but that definitely affected it and it’s a little bit of a mixed bag on recurring revenue from the standpoint of service.  There is two big pieces of the service there. There is contract service plans where we are seeing consistent growth at normal historical levels and then you have the on-demand service which includes spare parts in a meaningful way where as our service engineers can’t access many customer sites. We obviously have that weakness in those areas.  And so, in general, the early patterns in April reflected sort of where we were towards the end of the quarter particularly in our largest geographies outside of China whereas China we are seeing clear evidence of our increasing access of our service engineers into customer accounts over time here on an upward slope.  We’ve seen continued containment measures in some of the other parts of the world. So I think that dynamic of a mix between contracted service plans, on-demand chemistry heavily utilized in certain areas and held back in other areas. What will probably persist for a little while here into the quarter and we’ll certainly update you on that as we get more information next quarter. 
Operator: Our next question is from Vijay Kumar, Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar : Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Chris, maybe to start up, but I don’t think I heard you guys mention the exit rate in ex China. I know you mentioned fourth week of March was clearly worse. But what’s at the bottom, have you seen the rest of the world wages stabilize at those levels or April trends are perhaps coming in better or worse?  Any comments on the exit rate I think would be helpful?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Vijay for the question. Appreciate it. I don’t think we want to overly – get overly précised on early trends in April. As you know, our first month of our quarter is the lightest of the three.  In general terms, my comments earlier were that, China and parts of Asia, even parts of Europe have seen an improving trend whereas the U.S., other parts of Europe, India have seen the continuation of the type of containment measures.  So, it’s really all about – as we get deeper into the second quarter, it will really be about the restrictions, the lifting of restrictions promulgated by both governments as well as corporate policy in terms of getting people back to work and scaling up production in facilities and that’s going to look different in pharma companies and contract companies and industrial companies.  And so, I don’t want to put too much credence in early April results, other than we expect for the immediate near-term some continuation of what we saw towards the end of the quarter with some of the improvements noted. 
Vijay Kumar : That’s helpful. And then, maybe as a follow-up to that, when you look at the end-markets, we’ve heard perhaps some hoarding by consumers on pills respiratory drugs and anti-infective drugs and maybe pill count is going up. What is the implication of that on your – I guess, when you look at small molecule consumer business, in academic and government, is that a trend we should extrapolate from China to other parts of the world? That’s materially worse in pharma. Thank you. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. It’s a really interesting question. I think it’s probably bit of a reach to try to draw too many conclusions between consumer behavior in the short-term and something like consumable usage in our business. I would look at it more as something that colors the overall pharmaceutical industry. As we look at big pharma right now, there is a lot going on.  In most cases, the production continues. There is clearly more of a focus in the pharma companies on existing drugs versus new product launches, simply because their teams can’t fully get out there and launch new products. Obviously there is a COVID-19 focus with new trials with research on immune modulation and biomarker analysis.  But clearly, some of the stay at home type orders have resulted in fewer doctor visits for normal routine type healthcare and medical therapies. And to some degrees that’s coloring big pharma’s mindset as they navigate through this process.  So, but to boil that all the way back to consumables, I’d say, our consumables revenue and to some extent as well the instruments purchases are reflecting more of just the caution that that most of our customers are taking stepping through this.  But I will say that, every single one of our customers we’ve stayed very active with even if remote, we’ve had extremely positive interactions with them and had some real breakthroughs in terms of how to serve them effectively at a distance. 
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Brennan, UBS. 
Daniel Brennan : Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Chris and Sherry and Bryan. Chris, I wanted to ask you, I know you pull guidance for 2020 obviously, and you’ve given a bunch of color regarding trends between geographies and kind of customers.  And I am wondering, given you did discuss several scenarios that you are kind of mapping for different customers and geographies, is there a range or is there any way to think about a broader range of outcomes in 2Q?  Obviously, you're not going to give us a single data – a single number for guidance. But I am wondering if there is any kind of broad range that you could kind offer or speak to about how we should think about that.
Christopher O'Connell: I think, we’d probably want to stay short of that, Dan, for now, I’d rather just provide qualitative description of how we are thinking about those ranges. Obviously, a base case type of scenario where we have more of an expected progression of these countries through recovery – sorry, containment recovery and return to growth.  In a conservative case scenario where if we see the persisting low level for demand for instruments and high levels of containments and obviously building our financial plans off of a conservative scenario and then in optimistic case, to say, hey what if it comes back faster and there is some pent-up demand that materializes sooner.  Those are just qualitatively how we are looking at it. At this point, I think it’s premature to spend too much time describing what those numbers look like and we will obviously try to do more than as we move through the year.  But as I alluded to in my remarks, we’ve seen periods of macroeconomic pressure historically in different scenarios and we have always benefited from the underlying strengths and demand characteristics in the end-markets that we choose to focus on. And so, we are planning for a solid rebound when market conditions allow. 
Daniel Brennan : Okay. Great. And then, maybe just on the industrial end-market, you had a comment earlier that sounded fairly, I am not saying constructive, but didn’t sound like the expectation would be that things would worsen materially. I am just wondering, could you break down a little bit within industrial?  Your exposure to chemical, given what's going on with oil prices and spreads and environmental, I believe you had a favorable comment about the trends in the quarter and obviously, broadly for thermal for TAs.  Maybe if you could us a little flavor for what's going on within industrial? And does the 2008, 2009 experience with how your broader industrial business performed, has that sort of predicated it at all? Or is the business mix just too different to use that to kind of help us think about the impact in 2020 and 2021?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. I know, it’s a really interesting thing to dig into. The industrial category is about 30% of total revenues, which is in rough terms, half and half between food and environmental and material science. Material science tends to be the more cyclical piece and the majority of that is chemicals and polymers.  We’ve seen, I mean, the chemicals side of the business is smaller piece, polymer is the bigger piece , especially advanced polymers and we’ve seen sort of okay customer activity in that area. The chemical area is generally smaller and it’s probably too hard at this point for us to draw a direct correlation between what's going on in some of the energy markets in that right now.  TA is the biggest piece of the materials as you know and it’s more affected than Waters generally with fewer recurring revenue sales, capital equipment sales are 80% of that. And we have seen more cyclicality in that business as you know, although we feel really well positioned in that area. I mentioned three new products that are exciting in TA.  We have the strength of the Discovery line. We’ve got a gradually improving mix towards high tech, high performance materials, pharma and even consumer products. And so, I think we are better positioned in the materials sector relative to where we have been historically and even some of our peer groups, because of some of the investments we’ve made there.  So, we are watching it carefully. Obviously expecting the pharma part of the business to lead the recovery as it happens. But feel very good about our overall materials, material science, industrial portfolio. Like I mentioned the food could be pretty lumpy especially with the big concentration in China.  And on the materials side, we have seen actually some reasonable demand through cycles in recent years with a lot of what we are doing on applications, PPOs and other type of applications that have been invested in by governments and municipalities. We probably have time for one more question please.
Operator: Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Brandon Couillard : Hey thanks. Good morning. Just two questions, Chris. Could you touch on government academic trends geographically? Was that end-markets fairly weak throughout the period? Did it see a more precipitous fall-off towards the end of the quarter? And then, could you just remind us in terms of your service mix of the break down between contracting versus break fix and spare parts?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Brandon. Appreciate the questions. And first of all, in academic and government, that was the weakest of the categories as we mentioned it was geographically the most weak in China where we saw a bigger decline in the government and academic business, relative to even the overall business and that was a function of the fact that most universities were closed in China for much of the first quarter and the majority of government tenders were delayed.  So, that was a pretty clear line. And in China, historically, the academic and government business is a bigger mix of our overall business in part because of the government food labs and that's nearly a quarter of our business historically in China. So that had a big impact.  We actually saw some more – actually better performance, kind of flattish to slightly up in the U.S. in academic and government where we were doing pretty well and that did have an impact at the end of the quarter. But that business was performing reasonably well, but have limitations to customer sites in probably the immediate future.  And then, Europe was, I feel that the overall European performance of up 4% for the quarter, that was led by strong pharma, a modestly positive industrial and offset by negative on academic and government in Europe, which was a more cautious environment in that sector in the quarter.  Relative to the service contracted plans, generally run in the sort of 40%-ish plus range in the developed markets and less than that in emerging markets. So, between a third to 40% or so of our service business is in the contracted service plans with the remainder being on-demand spare parts and lines of that nature.  So, we’ve continued in all those categories although, I’ve seen much better performance in the contract and service side as I said. So, with that, we are at the top of the hour. Thank you everybody for your questions today and joining the call. In conclusion, as we navigate the operating environment right now, we are executing to five overriding priorities.  As I mentioned, number one, putting the health safety and well-being of our employees and customers first, number two, ensuring business continuity; number three, maintaining financial strength, flexibility and liquidity; number four, actively planning for recovery, particularly in maximizing the benefit of our strong new product flows; and number five, contributing our expertise and capabilities in the global fight against COVID-19.  We are confident in the strength of our business and we are taking a pragmatic approach to preserve our balance sheet strength and flexibility including the most significant cost actions in the history of the company. Our goal is to position Waters to recover quickly and sustainably when market conditions allow.  So on behalf of our entire management team, I would like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our second quarter 2020 call, which we currently anticipate holding on July 28, 2020. Thanks everybody and have a great day. 
Operator: And thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines and thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference call. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results of the company for the first quarter and full year 2020. We caution you that all such statements are only our present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the risks factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning’s press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not intend to update any of its predictions or projections, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts or as otherwise required by law. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 28, 2020. During today’s call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and available on the company’s website. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning’s press release. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today’s call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Chris O'Connell, Waters’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier, joining me on this morning’s call is Sherry Buck, Waters’ Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, I'll provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 operating results, as well as some broader commentary on our business. Sherry will then review our financial results in detail and summarize our first quarter and full year 2020 financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. Briefly reviewing our operating results for the fourth quarter, revenue grew 1% and adjusted earnings per share grew 11%. The fourth quarter played out generally as we expected, with mixed market conditions similar to those we experienced throughout 2019, but also with encouraging progress on key growth initiatives, particularly the positive impact of our new products. In the quarter growth in large molecule pharma and biomedical research applications driven by our new product offerings was largely offset by market conditions in our industrial markets, China and continued capital spending softness in small molecule pharmaceutical applications. Looking at the full year 2019 in total, revenue grew 1% and adjusted earnings per share grew 8%. Macro factors led to a more variable set of end market conditions than we had expected entering the year. Customers in key markets we serve were more cautious in their capital purchasing throughout 2019 and more willing to delay spending. I'd like to review the three areas where we were most impacted by this dynamic. First, government policy changes in China affected the food and pharmaceutical markets. As a reminder, China represents 18% of our global revenue and continues to be a key growth priority for the company. Our business mix in China is unique within our global portfolio as well as within the industry with a higher concentration of our business coming from pharma and food testing. In 2019 China revenues were flat year-over-year following double-digit growth in 9 of the prior 10 years. In 2020 our initial view on China coming into the year is to expect stable end market conditions relative to 2019 driven by cautious, but steady, pharma and industrial spending, moderate academic spending and stabilization in the food market. That said, we are closely monitoring the Coronavirus outbreak and it's too early to understand what impact this rapidly evolving situation will have on our business. Therefore, no impact is included in our 2020 guidance. As always, the health and safety of our employees, their families, and our customers is our top priority and we are taking appropriate caution in terms of employee travel and activities. Second, the global market for small molecule pharmaceutical LC applications, where Waters has unique focus and capability, has been in a slower growth environment. In 2019 our small molecule pharmaceutical business was down modestly in line with the overall market. Looking ahead to 2020 our assumptions assume stable market conditions relative to 2019. Meanwhile we remain confident in the underlying secular growth drivers of the small molecule LC market, including steadily increasing prescription volumes as patient access to therapeutic medications rises around the world, as well as increasing quality and safety requirements in all markets. We continue to invest in advancing our LC instrument portfolio and are well-positioned to benefit when demands normalizes. And third, Europe was flat in 2019 as industrial market headwinds offset academic and governmental strength. Looking ahead we're encouraged that clarity around Brexit could help stabilize the European macroenvironment. This stabilization contributed to our fourth quarter improvement and supports our confidence in modestly better conditions within the region in 2020. Market dynamics aside, we remain sharply focused on our core growth strategy of organic innovation and are excited about the significant uptick in meaningful new product launches during 2019. We are pleased with our market development activities to date and particularly encouraged by the increasing contribution of new products in Q4. Most notably, the BioAccord, Cyclic IMS, SYNAPT XS and our two new tandem quad mass spectrometers, all contributed more meaningfully to our growth in the quarter and we expect that this new product contribution will continue to ramp in 2020. We remain very excited about our technology roadmap and believe that we are not only at the front end of a major new product cycle, but also adorable improvement in R&D productivity and therefore a more sustainable new product cadence into the future. Taking a closer look at the business starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level, sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category were flat for the quarter. Geographic strength in Europe and India was offset by a decline in sales into clinical applications as well as softness in our China pharmaceutical business which is partly attributable to the difficult comparable quarter a year ago. The global large molecule market and our performance within it remained robust, supported by our focused investments in this category across LC, mass spectrometers and chemistries. Conversely, the global market for small molecule pharmaceutical applications remained softer than historical levels with flat revenue in the quarter. For the full year our pharmaceutical category sales were up 2%. Sales to our worldwide industrial category which includes the material science, food and environmental markets were down 1% in the quarter with strength in food testing markets up during Q4 offset by weakness in materials characterization. For the full year our worldwide industrial category sales were down 2%. Sales to our academic and governmental categories were up 10% in the fourth quarter, driven by the impact of our new technologies serving the pharmaceutical and biomedical research categories, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. For the full year our academic and governmental category sales were up 3%. Next I will review our sales performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia, our largest region in terms of revenue, was flat in the fourth quarter. China declined 3% as pharmaceutical growth declined modestly in the quarter on a difficult comp, partially offset by stabilization in food markets. Looking specifically at the China generic pharmaceutical market, the second round of the GPO process, previously referred to as the 4 plus 7 program [ph], played out as we expected, and the third round is now underway. Our customers are maintaining a pragmatic tone through this process and we continue to see those customers, notably local big pharma companies and some multinationals win tenders due to the program's increasingly stringent quality requirements and their benefits of scale. We are also seeing strong demand for our chemistry offerings from this customer base, which we expect to continue as the GPO process supports rising generic prescription volume in China, bolstering our confidence that we will see increasing instrument demand over time. In India, solid growth was driven by the continuing recovery in the pharmaceutical market, partially offset by food softness. For the full year, Asia grew 3%, driven by solid growth in India, Japan and Korea, while China was flat. Turning to the U.S., revenue was flat in the fourth quarter as strength in large molecule pharma, food and biomedical research was offset by weakness in small molecule pharma, material science and clinical applications. Overall, the Americas declined 1% in the fourth quarter, driven in part by expected weakness in Latin America, due to the ongoing political instability in both Mexico and Brazil. For the full year the U.S. grew 1% while total Americas revenue was flat. In Europe, sales grew 5% in the quarter, a result of solid year-end budget spending by certain large pharma customers and continued strength in academic and governmental, partially offset by a modest decline in industrial. We saw particular strength in demand for our new mass spectrometers instruments from both academic and pharmaceutical customers. For the full year, sales in Europe were flat. Finally, I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters branded instrument sales declined 1% in the quarter and 2% for the year. LC instruments declined moderately consistent with broader market LC trends that we spoke about earlier. Market dynamics aside, we are confident that we can leverage our strong LC installed base and expanding product portfolio to support improving growth when customer LC spending patterns recover. In mass spectrometers, growth in Q4 was driven by our rich portfolio of new products, as well as solid demand in the global food business. Momentum continues to build for the BioAccord as market development activities progressed well across all geographies, producing a strong fourth quarter and furthering our complements in a multiyear revenue ramp. The new Cyclic IMS and SYNAPT XS made meaningful contributions to the fourth quarter and were a key reason for the strong academic and governmental growth. Lastly, the addition of two new tandem quads strengthened our overall portfolio positioning us to benefit from any pickup we see in the global food and applied markets. To attest to the enthusiastic reception of our new products, we have already received one major award for the SYNAPT XS and two awards for the BioAccord, including SelectScience's Scientist's Choice Award for the best new drug discovery and development product for 2019, and Frost & Sullivan's 2019 Global New Product Innovation Award. Waters branded recurring revenues, which reflect a combination of service and precision chemistries, grew 6% in the quarter and 5% for the year. Chemistry strength was driven by our pharmaceutical business. We saw solid growth across our chemistry portfolio, including HPLC columns, application kits, UPLC columns and bioseparations columns. Turning to our TA product line, sales declined 8% in the fourth quarter with TA instrument system sales down 12% and service sales up 3%. The weakness was largely due to reduced spending levels by our largest polymer and chemicals customers, which was broad based across our instrument portfolio and geographies. For the full year, our TA product line sales declined 3% with TA instrument system sales down 5% and service sales up 3%. Despite the challenging market conditions we faced in 2019, we have strong confidence in our TA instruments' team and product portfolio, and expect to return to growth in 2020. To recap 2019, challenges in the global macroeconomic environment impacted our customers who were more cautious in their capital purchasing throughout the year than we expected. Returning to the big picture, we remain steadfastly focused on executing on our five-point value creation model. As we have consistently communicated, we aim to create shareholder value by, 1) holding a leading specialty position in structurally attractive markets; 2) executing a focused growth strategy driven by organic innovation; 3) seeking opportunities for continuous operational improvement in innovation, channel, and operations: 4) maintaining capital discipline; and 5) operating with a performance oriented culture and management team. Our goal remains to deliver strong sustainable long-term growth. We are confident in the durability of the growth opportunity in our end markets, as well as our consistent corporate strategy that is highlighted by innovation. Accelerated R&D investments over the past several years, which along with a more disciplined approach to project selection and portfolio management, is resulting in meaningful improvements in R&D productivity. Looking ahead to 2020, we expect to realize further benefit of our recently launched products. Furthermore, we seek to supplement our organic innovation and growth by more actively deploying capital to purposeful M&A. Over the past two years we have strengthened our internal capabilities and built a robust acquisition and minority investment pipeline. Last month we announced the acquisition of Andrew Alliance broadening our technology portfolio to include advanced robotics and software that will positively impact our customers' workflows across pharmaceuticals, life sciences and material science markets. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a review of our Q4 and 2019 financials and our outlook for 2020. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter we recorded net sales of $716 million, an increase of approximately 1% in constant currency. Currency translation decreased sales growth by approximately 1% resulting in flat sales as reported. For the full year sales grew about 1% before currency translation, which decreased sales growth by approximately 2%, resulting in a full year sales declined of approximately 1% on a reported basis. In the quarter, sales into our pharmaceutical category were flat, sales into our industrial category were down 1%, our academic and governmental category grew 10%. For the full year, the pharmaceutical market category grew 2%, our industrial market category declined 2%, and our academic and governmental category was up 3%. Looking at product line growth, our recurring revenue which represents a combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue grew 6% in the quarter, while instrument sales declined 3%. For the full year recurring revenue grew 5% while sales for instrument product groups declined 3%. As we noted last quarter, recurring sales were impacted by one additional calendar day in the quarter, which resulted in a slight increase in service revenue sales. Looking ahead, there is one less calendar day in the first quarter and two additional calendar days in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to 2019. Breaking fourth quarter product sales down further, sales related to Waters branded products and services grew 2% while sales of TA branded products and services declined 8%. Combined LC and LC/MS instrument platform sales were down 1% and instrument sales were down 12% for TA. Looking at our growth rates in the fourth quarter geographically, sales in Asia were flat with China declining 3%. Sales in Americas were down 1% with U.S. flat and European sales were up 5%. For the year Asia sales were up 3% with China sales flat. Sales in the Americas were flat with the U.S. up 1% and Europe sales were flat. Now I'd like to comment on our fourth quarter and full year non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 58.2% as compared to 59.9% in the fourth quarter of 2018. On a full year basis gross margin was 58% compared to 59% in the prior year. The lower gross margin relative to the prior year in both the quarter and the year was driven by foreign exchange rates, lower fixed cost absorption and mix. Moving down the fourth quarter P&L, operating expenses were 3% lower in the quarter and 1% lower for the year on a constant currency basis. This was a result of lower variable expenses and disciplined spending controls throughout the year. In the quarter our effective operating tax rate was about 11% versus 12% in the prior year quarter. For the full year our effective operating tax rate was about 13%, which is flat against the prior year. The lower tax rate versus our expectation is a result of the mix of profits in our tax jurisdictions and discrete items in the quarter. Net interest expense was $10 million, an increase of about $9 million from the prior year as anticipated as we shifted to a net debt position over the course of the year. Our average share count came in at 64.3 million shares, a share count reduction of approximately 15% or about 11 million shares lower than in the fourth quarter of last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the fourth quarter increased to $3.20 in comparison to $2.87 last year, an increase of 11%. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share increased to $3.12 compared to $2.46 last year. For the full year our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were up 8% to $8.99 per share versus $8.29 last year. Overall, the non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share growth for the quarter and the year was the result of lower expenses and our ongoing share repurchase program. On a GAAP basis full-year earnings per share were $8.69 versus $7.65 in 2018. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment, and our balance sheet, I'd like to summarize our fourth quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the fourth quarter of 2019 free cash flow came in at $158 after funding $54 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $19 million related to investment in our new Taunton chemistry facility. In the fourth quarter this resulted in $0.22 of each dollar sales converted into free cash flow and $0.24 for the full year. Now I'd like to provide an update on our fourth quarter activities related to capital deployment, which we categorized into three areas; investing for growth, balance sheet strength and flexibility, and return of capital to shareholders. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased 2.5 million shares of our common stock for $560 million in the fourth quarter. These capital allocation activities, along with our free cash flow resulted in cash and short-term investments of $337 million and debt of $1.7 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. This resulted in a net debt position of $1.3 billion and a net debt to EBITDA ratio of about 1.7 times at the end of the year. Looking ahead, we remain committed to deploying capital in the context of our three priorities and will continue working towards a capital structure of approximately 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA. As a result, our full year guidance reflects about $800 million of share repurchases with approximately $200 million of shares during the first quarter. Over the course of the year we will evaluate our share repurchase program and provide updates as appropriate. Turning to working capital, accounts receivable days, sales outstanding came in at 77 days this quarter, up slightly compared to the fourth quarter of last year. In the quarter inventories increased by $29 million in comparison to the prior year quarter, driven by planned inventory build related to both, Brexit contingency planning and to support the continued ramp of our new products. As we look forward to the year ahead, I'd like to provide some broader context on our full year 2020 guidance. To summarize several points that Chris mentioned earlier, we expect increasing benefits from our recent new product introductions, TA instruments returning to growth, stable conditions in the LC pharma market, and stability in China, but note that potential impacts from the Coronavirus outbreak have not been factored into our guidance. These dynamics support full year 2020 guidance for constant currency sales growth of 1% to 3%. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to be approximately neutral to 2020 sales growth. Gross margin guidance for the full year is expected to be in a range of 58% to 58.5%. Every year we look to balance growth, investment, and profitability. Accordingly, we expect 2020 operating margins of approximately 30%, based on a combination of growth investments, normalization of variable expenses, and disciplined expense controls. Moving below the operating income line, other key assumptions for full year guidance are, net interest expense of $50 million $52 million, full year effective tax rate of 14% to 15%, an average diluted share count of approximately 62.5 million shares outstanding, and lastly modest dilution from the acquisition of Andrew Alliance. Rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2020 earnings for fully diluted share are projected in a range of $9.15 to $9.40, which assumes a negative currency impact on full year earnings per share growth of approximately 1 percentage point. Looking at the first quarter of 2020, we expect constant currency sales growth to be flat to 2%. At today's rate currency translation is expected to decrease first quarter sales growth by less than 1 percentage point. First quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share is estimated to be in the range of $1.55 to $1.65. At current rates, the negative currency impact on first quarter earnings per share growth is expected to be approximately 1 percentage point. Chris will now make a few summary comments. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Great, thank you, Sherry. In summary, our fourth quarter played out largely as we expected with a continuation of macro headwinds, similar to what we saw throughout 2019. That said, we saw an encouraging uptick of sales in our newly released products in the fourth quarter. As we look to 2020, our focus is on execution to deliver improving growth and balancing our industry-leading profitability with the right investments to support our innovation strategy and long-term growth, as well as a consistent return of capital to shareholders. With that, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not always able to get to everyone's questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please contact the Waters Investor Relations team after the call. Operator?
Operator: The first question is coming from Vijay Kumar, Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Chris, just one on, I appreciate all the colors on end markets on the guidance, especially when you look at the end markets right, pharma, industrial, what are you assuming for 2020? Are you assuming pharma, you know some of the weakness we saw in North America customers, is some of that coming back? Industrial, any thoughts on how that segment is that going to shake out? TA did decline. And then I have one follow-up please.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thanks for the question, Vijay. As you know we had a really variable set of market conditions throughout 2019 and certainly the business mix we have was particularly impacted in part by some of the geographic considerations in China, the large mix we have in LC small molecule pharma and some of the industrial categories. As we turn the page to 2020, our starting point is really just a carry-over of market conditions from 2019. We're not assuming an acceleration until we see clear change in the market. Within each geography and category we're looking to balance both the opportunities and the risks. With regard to pharma, as you point out, our assumptions include continued robust performance in the large molecule pharma market, which is about 30% of our mix overall and continued softness in the small molecule market, which is 70% of our mix, and that's why we have a - kind of a moderate view of the pharma market at this point. From an industrial standpoint, the biggest impacts we saw and you referenced TA, were in large polymer and chemicals companies. If you look at our top 20 account say within TA, those are the big global industrial polymers and chemicals companies, they were really soft through the year and particularly in the fourth quarter. Interestingly enough in TA we actually added more new accounts last year than we ever have to try to make up for that, but when the very large companies are down, it's challenging to overcome that. And I would also say that we do support those same customers through our Waters branded products as well and we saw the same exact phenomenon on the Waters side, as we saw in TA in that industrial polymers and chemicals. So again, our assumption there is, we're not assuming a major rebound, but we are assuming stable conditions. And so, until we see some different conditions where we thought it was prudent to just assume a continuation of some of the conditions we saw in 2019 into the early part of '20 and we will update as we go along.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful. And Sherry, just on the EPS guidance here, it looks like you're assuming a step down in margins here. I'm just curious, is this a continuation of the gross margin dynamic that we saw in '19 or is the step-up and maybe some of the commercial activities to support the new product launches and why would tax rate step up? Thank you.
Sherry Buck: Yes. So you've got a couple of questions buried in there Vijay, so I'll try to cover them all. We look at our gross margins and really our operating margins. The lower gross margin guidance, I'd say overall is really a function of our topline growth. Peeling that back down a little bit, we think about our gross margin. The two biggest levers on our gross margin are volume leverage and FX. And in years when we've had higher gross margins in the 59% range, we had mid single-digit plus growth. So I'd say the gross margin is really a function of our top line guide. And similarly with our operating margin and our operating expenses coming into 2020, we're really trying to strike a balance between growth, investment and profitability. And so we're continuing to invest in R&D and commercial capabilities. But we also have some headwind coming into 2020 with normalization of our variable costs and some expenses for Andrew Alliance. So that's our inputs for our guide of 30% operating margin. Moving on to the tax rate that you asked about, we ended the fourth quarter tax rate more favorable than we were expecting. That was due to some discrete items in the quarter as well as the mix of our profits in our tax jurisdictions, and we're not expecting that to repeat in 2020. So after we came out of tax reform, we're really looking at our tax rate for the business to be in that range of 14% to 15%.
Vijay Kumar: All right, thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is coming from Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Chris, I'll start with the guide. If I go back to our conference couple of weeks ago, you were highlighting mid single digits. I know that's maybe a longer-term target. But if I think about the drivers here, you've got new products, you did highlight easy comps. Can you maybe just and your view talk about what it takes to get this business back-to-mid single digit and how much you're expecting from new products this year? In other words, is the portfolio declining if you back out some of these new product launches? And then also on gross margins, is there any pricing headwind in there? I know you called out FX and fixed cost, but was there any pricing sensitivity as well?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thanks, Tycho. I appreciate the question. Yes, absolutely. We think the underlying market dynamics are - and fundamentals over the long term are really strong. The underlying secular demand drivers, our unique competitive position and our strategy would over time under more normal market conditions scenario continue to support a mid single-digit kind of long-range target and that's exactly what we were talking about at your conferences, is our belief and our confidence in the underlying fundamentals of the market on a long-term basis. And clearly, the difference between that and our immediate near-term outlook is simply a function of some of the challenges that we faced in the markets where we're particularly exposed and to be - to not assume that those change overnight that as I mentioned before that the starting point is more of a carryover from the conditions that we saw. And so, in terms of what it would take to get back up into the mid-single digit plus, it's really a normalization in demand in a couple of key market segments, notably the small molecule pharma segment, certainly general conditions within China returning to reasonable growth, and the stabilization of the industrial markets. We don't have to get huge growth out of the industrial markets. We have to get modest growth out of the industrial markets and then more of a historic norm in terms of the pharma business. As I mentioned before, the large molecule pharma space has continued to stay robust for the market and for Waters through this whole period, and so it's really about that small molecule space perking up. And certainly with some of the deferred investment in that space, we do see pent-up demand building, but until we see it come back into the market we'll continue to remain cautious. As it relates to pricing, there is nothing unusual in terms of pricing in our assumptions. We have seen quite stable pricing on the instrument side. We continue to put small increases through on the recurring revenue side. And despite the gross margin dynamic Sherry talked about in FX and all these other things, we've seen no deterioration in our trade margin. So anyway that's how I'd summarize all of that.
Sherry Buck: I'd just like to add on the gross margin for the quarter, just to break that down a little bit. Gross margin in the quarter was impacted by about 90 basis points of FX and the remainder of that lower gross margin year-over-year was fixed cost absorption and mix.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, and then just to flush out a couple of pressure points you highlighted, for China is your assumption for 4.7 that around 3 doesn’t present an incremental headwind? And then any budget delay issues we heard about that in the high-end market from some of your peers? And then Chris separately, you flagged clinical soft, I'm just wondering if you can elaborate on that issue? Thanks.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, let me try to cover those Tycho. In terms of around 3 on the GPO, the 4 plus 7, let me just quickly summarize. It was about a year ago that we were coming to grips and the market was coming to grips with what was really a pilot phase of the 4 plus 7, 25 drugs in 11 cities. The second round extended that same set of 25 drugs to 27 provinces, more widespread, and accounted for multiple winners per. The third round bidding has been completed. There are 33 drugs that have been bid and this is across 32 provinces. And so, I think as I said in my prepared remarks, we've seen a pragmatic response from the - from our customers in this. Clearly there is a shift in the market underway from a market that was more purely focused on generic drugs to a market that's being encouraged to scale in that way and maybe in a more price-competitive way to bend the cost curve on generic drugs, while encouraging investment in the innovation sector, and actually a lot of our customers are quite excited about that possibility. And there is a couple of other regulations coming into the market that should support that, including the 2020 ChP or Chinese Pharmacopoeia modernization of QC methods, as well as revised drug administration law which encourages more R&D. So I think taking all that into account, our assumption is for stability, but not necessarily a big bounce back, but we think the foundations are being put in place for a sustainable growth picture in the future, and we're investing to take advantage of that where it comes. I think you asked about high-end capital purchases as well if I understood the question correctly. Towards the end of the year, we actually saw a nice improvement in our high risk mass spectrometry sales because of our new product launches. The Cyclic IMS and the SYNAPT XS in the high resolution category finished the year on a strong note. Those were back half product introductions, and we're excited about a reestablished leading position in that space, and I think there is opportunity this year. But we also saw a lot of encouraging activity in the BioAccord which continue to ramp through the year. In fact, we saw - we sold more units in Q4 of BioAccord than we sold in the first three quarters combined. So we think we have a good momentum there. And baking that all in, we're assuming about a point of new product increment in terms of our results into 2020. Your last point, I think was on clinical. That tends to be a fairly lumpy business. It's a smaller part of our business overall, about 6% of our revenue. It does get baked into our trade class reporting number on pharma. So it was a slight detriment to pharma. We've grown over more rolling periods, could of three-year periods, the clinical business pretty consistently and pretty well. And clinical business remains a priority for the company and we think there's going to be ramping demand over time for mass spectrometry based assays, particularly newborn screening and therapeutic drug monitoring. So it tends to be a lumpier business and - but we stay very focused on building our technology portfolio there.
Operator: The next question is coming from Dan Brennan, UBS. Your line is open.
Daniel Brennan: Great, thanks. Thanks for taking the questions. Chris, I wanted to address, kind of, the LC small molecule market where you've obviously highlighted that you're feeling the pain more than peers. Could you just discuss a little bit about market conditions versus share loss, anything on the relative market share trends? And then importantly, kind of, what drives the improvement here? What are the signpost towards, like, why this market kind of will recover? I know you talked about pill count, generic and population growth, which sounds great, but that's really hard for us to distill that back to the model, particularly as - there's all this excitement over burgeoning our biologic pipelines? Thanks.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes, thanks, Danny. I think as we look at the overall market, we've seen consistent feedback from a lot of different sources that the small molecule market has been in a tougher growth environment recently. And what's most different about Waters is that, we have such a large exposure there, with pharma being about 55% of our revenue overall, and small molecule being 70% of that. We're simply more exposed. As you know, we have a unique mix that's in our LC business, that's pharma heavy and is QC heavy. And so where we play and what we see, we see our share is very stable. We're expecting to the majority of workflows and within our installed base the purchasing can come and go with capital purchasing cycles, but we see the underlying utilization very clearly with our service and our chemistry business. And our chemistry business, by the way in pharma, has remained very solid through this cycle. Chemistry is in pharma on a global basis is consistently up in the mid-to-high single digits, which underscores the stability of that installed base. And so, our focus is simply to continue to serve our customers and position ourselves to take advantage of when demand returns. Certainly, there have been some unique factors in the pharma LC market. The tailwinds, if you will, in the middle part of the decade, particularly in China and India, yielded some headwinds as we got to the end of the decade with China and India. And on top of that, the U.S. generic market has been a tougher environment in the last year with a spike in user fees and some litigation noise in the environment. So I think we understand it all very well. We think the market is fundamentally attractive as you point out of your question. We've continued to invest in our portfolio, and we're expanding our technology portfolio and LC, and we're excited for a rebound of that market when it occurs.
Daniel Brennan: Okay. Great, Chris. And then maybe just one follow-up to Tycho's question just on new products. I know you've talked about a point contribution, it still seems pretty modest given the number of new products and the time you spent highlighting the unique features here. So could you just flesh out some details, maybe a little bit? I know you don't want to get in too far in the weeds and the math behind that, but why can't the impact be larger and what should we look for, as kind of signpost towards the success of these new products?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. We're committed to continuing to update these on a quarter-to-quarter basis and like I said, the product launches, particularly in the mass spectrometry side last year were spread across the year the larger systems geared towards the back half of the year, while the BioAccord came in earlier and was a market development process that really began to bear some meaningful fruit by the end of the year. I'd say in very simple terms, Dan, the overall impact of the new products is somewhat impacted by the market conditions that we face in our business. You can see segments where those products have a more prominent impact have done better, such as the governmental and academic category, the large molecule category. And so as market conditions improve, we should see a bigger impact of new products. But like I said, at the top of the call, the prudent assumption heading into the year is starting point, that's more of a carryover of those market conditions until we see the change clearly in our business. And so, we have taken, I think, a pragmatic approach to forecasting the impact of the new products, but have - continue to be very, very excited about them and certainly the innovation strategy generally. And the gains in R&D productivity we're achieving inside are really motivating the team and making us excited for what's ahead as market conditions stabilize.
Operator: The next question is coming from Derik de Bruin, Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi, good morning.
Christopher O'Connell: Good morning.
Derik de Bruin: Hey, a couple of questions. So first one is, and they're interrelated and the first one is the contribution from the Andrew that's sort of embedded into your M&A for revenue contribution in 2020. And then, just sort of looking at the guidance you've given for the share buyback, roughly $800 million for the full year, $200 million in the first quarter, that by our math, it really to take you about 2 times levered by the end of the year sort of $400 million to $500 million out there. And going back to the first comment on the M&A, is that $400 million to $500 million slug money on the table for potential deal activity to sort of get to the 2.5 times or is it 2.5 times somewhere in the future? Just sort of general thoughts on sort of what's involved in the math?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Derik. I appreciate it. Let me make a couple of quick comments on Andrew and then Sherry can talk a little about buyback program and the leverage targets and so forth, and I'm happy to add to it as well. But Andrew Alliance, we're super excited about that technology. One of the most consistent things that I've heard from customers as I go around regularly is the pressure point on sample preparation and sample automation on the front end of a lot of analyses and Andrew is truly a next generation technology platform in robotics, but also in a cloud ready software to tie it all together and to automate and replicate experiments in a much more effective way. We're not going to break out revenue at this point. It's fairly modest in the big scheme of the world and we're also trying to get a handle on the opportunity, not just to sell Andrew products, but the beneficial impact that will have on pulling through Waters instruments, which is a big part of our logic. The integration is going really well and in fact, the Andrew team is in town and I had a chance to sit down with them yesterday and the people within our chemistry organization that are leading the charge as well as the Andrew people, I couldn’t be more excited. Everybody from the organization is staying and working very closely together to take advantage of the opportunity. So we'll give updates as we move along and look forward to sharing some more of that technology with the investment community.
Sherry Buck: Yes, and Derik, just to follow-up on the capital allocation question is, as you know, after we came out of tax reform, we started working towards a more optimal capital structure and we've been executing against that plan over the last couple of years with higher return of capital through share buybacks. So as we look at going into 2020, there's a variety of factors that we look at. Our priorities from a business standpoint, our performance, et cetera, and really looking at repurchases this year of about $800 million and that would put us based upon our guide we gave today in the low 2 times leverage ratio. And so the factors that could increase us towards our kind of near-term goal of 2.5 times could be M&A opportunities. So we just look at all the different factors, and this is where we set our guide for the full year and we'll look at it each quarter and make adjustments there - updates as we go through the year.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, Derik, as you know, it's hard to forecast that. Well, we do have a good pipeline. We are very, very selective. We have been involved in a number of different situations and chosen to move forward just very selectively. But it is purposeful and it is proactive and we'll just have to take it as it comes, but continue to focus on those investments in terms of what they can do for our growth, what they can do for the accretion of EPS over time, as well as the returns on invested capital which are our key metrics there.
Operator: The next question is coming from Doug Schenkel, Cowen. Your line is open.
Douglas Schenkel: All right, good morning. Thank you for taking our questions guys. I just want to start on margins, and then I just want to ask a couple of clarification questions as we think about the outlook for growth in 2020. So starting on margins, as I'm sure you guys appreciate a key pillar to the bare thesis on Waters over good times and bad has been the argument that you're pretty close to peak operating margin. And I can see where your guidance for 2020 feeds into this a bit, especially given I think this would translate into year four of operating margin coming in between 30% and 31%. How would you address that argument? And building off of this, how would you like investors to measure the success of your planned 2020 investments and over what timeframe? And I guess the third part of this is, for 2020 specifically, and this is really just a cleanup, how much of an impact does Andrew Alliance have on operating margins?
Sherry Buck: Hi, Doug, this is Sherry. I'll start off maybe with the last question there about Andrew Alliance. We haven't done a breakout all the detail line item specifically. There is some impact on operating margin - operating margins and operating expenses and we gave in our guide that it's slightly dilutive to our overall EPS, so a modest amount there. And when you think about our margins - the 30% margin, one of the things we have in 2020 here is some normalization of prior year variable costs, that's a headwind for us. But as we look at our overall operating margins and getting beyond the 30%, it's really a function of our top line growth. So as we get back to our goal of being mid-single digits or above, that's when we have opportunity for higher operating margins and expansion. And so that's kind of the factor around that. As far as measuring some of the investments we're making, I'd say two key areas where we're investing for growth is, continuing to invest in our R&D pipeline and that's really continuing to keep our product pipeline robust and bringing new products to market and that will play out in the top line growth, and also, we're investing in commercial capability. So tools for our sales force as far as salesforce.com, it again should play out in top line growth metrics. So that's kind of how we're looking at the investments we're making in the business.
Douglas Schenkel: Okay, that's helpful. And in terms of 2020 growth, you're targeting 2% total revenue growth. I think you talked about new products given about a point. You noted that LC is expected to be stable and TA is expected to return to growth. I think just by process of elimination, this leads us to conclude that you're expecting another year of moderating growth for Waters recurring revenue. I just want to make sure we're not missing something up here, and I guess, cutting to the chase, do you expect Waters Division recurring revenue to get up into the 4% to 5% range or right now are you embedding an assumption that it's going to be a little bit lower than that?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, let me take a comment on that, Doug, and Sherry can add to it as well. I see how you're piecing apart the math, and certainly as we've said, we - our assumption coming into the year is just stable conditions, nothing really better from the standpoint of the type of conditions we saw until it actually comes through in the business plus some benefit in new products. Actually our recurring revenue assumption is very consistent in the coming year with where we've been. We saw solid recurring revenue performance in 2019 with some improvement over the course of the year, some steady improvement over the course of the year, and a really solid Q4, but all in, the recurring revenue assumption stays about the same. And really that does imply an instrument assumption that is flat to maybe slightly down at the midpoint, but we think that's prudent and consistent with what we saw in the prior year before the effect of new products. So I think a very balanced outlook that balances opportunity and risk, and obviously looking forward to updating that over the course of the year.
Operator: The next question is coming from Dan Arias, Stifel. Your line is open.
Daniel Arias: Good morning guys. Thanks for the questions. Chris, just following up on the BioAccord, obviously, 1Q can be a choppy spending quarter in pharma just given the budget situation. So are you expecting BioAccord performance to be up sequentially? Do you think that the new product momentum has placements or contributions up quarter-over-quarter or is the 4Q to 1Q spending dynamic the bigger factor there?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Dan. Thanks for the question. Yes, BioAccord, we thought was a good story over the course of the year, a lot of excellent foundational work to get as many customers exposure to it as we could to work into some budget cycles for potential year in money and we saw a nice benefit there. Like I mentioned, we sold more BioAccords in Q4 than we sold in Q1 and Q3 combined. As it relates to Q1, we've seen quite a stable or modest purchasing dynamic in Q1 on a fairly regular basis and so we're not making any huge assumptions for Q1 as you know from our top line guide of flat to 2%. We're expecting a modest quarter in Q1, consistent with sort of prior year experience, but - so we're not necessarily expecting a sequential move on BioAccord from Q4 to Q1, but certainly we're expecting a nice sequential move from '19 to '20 for the year overall to be very positive for BioAccord.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then Sherry, maybe just staying with profitability, this could be a little bit of a tough one, but if you just look at the combined margin profile of the BioAccord, the Cyclic IMS and the SYNAPT, is that any different than the corporate average? I'm just trying to understand if there is a benefit to be had there as new product introduction - as your new product contributions pickup?
Sherry Buck: I think as we look at our new products, obviously, when we're bringing new products to market, we're looking at our customer demands and have financial hurdles for those business cases. And so I'd say, that the operating margins on the - particularly some of these mass spectrometry products are at or a little bit above our company average.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is coming from Paul Knight of Janney. Your line is open.
Paul Knight: Hey, Chris, you had mentioned in your comments that you see a more sustainable market introduction or more sustainable new product introduction per cadence. Can you talk to that statement? Is there - obviously BioAccord seems to be pacing well, what else is different that you make that comment?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Absolutely, Paul, thanks. Yes, we've done a significant amount of work in the R&D function across the company and are really excited about our platform strategy. So we've done a ton of work in the last four years to establish next-generation system components that can really serve as the foundation for systems, more of a systems architecture with our products where we effectively move from a kind of a spot innovation model of one instrument at a time to families and value streams of instruments that can be produced more repeatable cadence into the future and BioAccord is a really good example of that. So the fundamental architecture of BioAccord which has a common system controller, a new software and firmware architecture, and new hardware components that are durable over time can be spun on a routine basis to bring more capability into the market. The original BioAccord launch a little about a year ago now carried three core applications of protein, peptides and glycans. We successfully launched a new application in December at the end of the year for oligonucleotides, which is a really significant need in the marketplace and has been very well received by our customers, and the BioAccord platform will spin again sometime this year. And so, as I've commented before, BioAccord as a family, as a value stream, is a platform that we can - we will spend 5 to 7 to 8 to 10 different versions over the coming years depending on customer needs, but to bring new capability in the marketplace on a routine basis. You can certainly apply that same thinking for systems architecture to our other value streams and see where we may be going. And in addition to that, we've had the chance to largely complete development and to begin the early commercialization process on Waters Connect, which is our next-generation software platform. So we've done a lot of the foundational work to move towards a more sustainable cadence of new product introductions based on more of a systems philosophy and excited about what that will yield. I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: The next question is coming from Steve Beuchaw, Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Stephen Beuchaw: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in here. I was going to ask you, Chris, one about the topline and then I had a couple of margin questions for Sherry if we have time for that. And Chris, I wonder if you could put a little bit more color around the trends in TA. Did the - the dynamics that you saw in the quarter with some of your larger chemical customers, were those in line with expectations whether it was a surprise and how do you expect that to play into the first half of 2020?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Like I mentioned, Steve, the trends in TA were very much dominated by large polymer and chemicals companies. About two-thirds of our revenue in TA is sold into the polymers and chemicals world. And as you might imagine, we've got some large accounts in that space. I would say, it was softer than we expected coming into the quarter, but directionally consistent. We saw those trends really all year long among those top customers and that's why I made the comment earlier that we spent a fair amount of time actually creating new accounts and that's actually exciting for the future, because we've opened up some new ground, but some of the newer, smaller accounts that were added in greater number than ever before just can't make up for the big large customers which we expected to be soft at the end of the year but ended up being a lot softer than even our forecast. I think when we step back and look at the big picture, those customers are still great customers. We have a very strong leading market share position in all these technologies, very strong and stable team. And so looking at the year ahead, we expect those type of market conditions to stabilize. And as I mentioned, also we did see a lot of the same patterns in our advanced polymer characterization product line and some of the other things we do on the Waters side in LCMS in some of those similar types of accounts. So I think we understand the picture pretty well, and we're just focused on returning that. The other thing we're going to benefit from TA this coming year is we've got some exciting new product launches that we'll talk more about as we get into the year.
Stephen Beuchaw: Okay. Thank you for that. And then Sherry, as we're all trying to get underlying margin and spend trends, I wonder if you might take a stab at, just speaking to the underlying ex-currency operating expense growth, if it was, hey, we didn't have Andrew added in the year, would operating expenses accelerate and by how much? And then just for those who are wondering about mix dynamics, can you just remind us what the mix spread is at the gross or EBIT line between the TA business and the Waters business? Thank you so much.
Sherry Buck: Yes, just maybe to peel back a little bit your question on the operating expenses. Over the course of the year, Andrew - without Andrew Alliance it has a modest impact. So really the bigger drivers as we look at the increase in our operating expenses and related to our operating margin guide is really the investments we're making in their business, both R&D and commercial capabilities, and then normalization of variable expenses from 2019 are the bigger drivers on operating expense and operating margins. And then, could you repeat your second question?
Christopher O'Connell: I think we might be finishing the call here. So I think we're a little bit over time and maybe Steve's microphone is not live there, so let me just wrap up the call. And Steve, we can certainly follow-up on your question offline here as well as everybody else. But I want to thank everyone for your participation and questions. Despite the more challenging capital purchasing dynamics in 2019, we remain focused on executing on our innovation strategy and we are excited with our early progress. While our end markets have shown some near-term volatility, we are confident in their long-term growth potential and continue to invest for growth in R&D, commercial operations, and purposeful acquisitions. So on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q1 2020 call, which we currently anticipate holding on April 28th, 2020. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference call. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation’s third quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future results of the company for the fourth quarter and full year 2019. We caution you that all such statements are only our present expectations that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see the risks factors included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning’s press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not intent to update its -- any of its predictions or projections, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts or as otherwise required by law. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for February 04, 2020. During today’s call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning and available on the company’s website. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to non-GAAP results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning’s press release. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the third quarter of fiscal year 2018. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today’s call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Chris O’Connell, Waters’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Chris?
Chris O’Connell: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier, joining me on this morning’s call is Sherry Buck, Waters’ Chief Financial Officer.  During today’s call, I will provide an overview of our third quarter operating results, as well as some broader commentary on our business. Sherry will then review our financial results in detail and provide comments on our fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions.  Briefly reviewing our operating results for the third quarter, revenue grew 1%, while adjusted earnings per share grew 11%. With one meaningful exception, the third quarter played out largely as we expected. That exception was the U.S. where we saw unanticipated late quarter softness, which led to a shortfall against our overall revenue expectations for Q3.  At the time of our last earnings call, the strength of our U.S. performance in Q2 as well as the growth we saw during the first month of Q3 reinforced our prior expectation that we would see positive second half trends in the U.S. market. However, that momentum yielded to a more cautious tone from our U.S. pharmaceutical customers as the quarter developed, resulting in inconsistent capital purchasing in the second half of the quarter. Outside of the U.S. Q3 played out largely as we expected, with a continuation of mixed market conditions in China and Europe that we’ve seen throughout the year.  Stepping back to look at 2019 through the first three quarters, it is clear, the challenges in the global macroeconomic environment, including market effects of government policy changes in China, lingering European political uncertainties, and mixed sentiment in the U.S. have led to a more variable set of end market conditions than we expected coming into the year.  Customers in key markets we serve have simply been more cautious in their capital purchasing during 2019 and more willing to delay spending quarter-to-quarter. One particular market impacted by these global macroeconomic challenges during 2019 has been small molecule pharmaceutical LC applications. This market where Waters has unique focus appears to be in a slower growth environment with ongoing stability and recurring revenue while simultaneously seeing modest pressure in instrument systems sales.  Certainly recent trends in India and China play a central role in this dynamic as does U.S. and European volatility in recent quarters.  That said, we are confident in our leading technology portfolio and strong market position as well as the long-term growth prospects of the small molecule LC market.  Aside from the macro environment, Waters has been diligently focused in 2019 on an exciting series of new product introductions that is positioning the company for a robust multiyear product cycle. While the impact of these new products has not been highly visible on the revenue line yet, market development activities are progressing well. And we are very pleased with early customer reactions.  BioAccord made solid incremental progress in Q3 relative to demo, quoting and sales pipelines. And the third quarter launches of the Cyclic IMS, SYNAPT XS and our two new tandem quad mass spectrometers have all been very well received. We expect to see an increasing sales contribution from all of these key products in Q4 2020 and beyond.  We remain very positive on the long-term attractiveness and durability of the markets we serve. In particular, our recurring revenue, consisting of precision chemistries in servicing of our instruments has remained steady, indicating consistent underlying utilization of our strong installed base of instruments.  Taking a closer look at the business starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level, sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category increased 3% for the quarter and year-to-date, with strong growth in China and India, partially offset by weakness in the U.S. and Europe. As I stated earlier, the global market for small molecule pharmaceutical applications is currently experiencing a more modest growth environment.  Conversely, the global large molecule market remained robust in Q3 and year-to-date. And we have sustained consistently positive results supported by our focused investments in this category, across LC, LC-MS and chemistries.  Sales to our worldwide industrial category, which includes the material science, food and environmental markets, were flat in the quarter with strength in material science offset by global weakness in food testing markets.  Furthermore, our industrial category remained solid in the U.S., but soft in Europe. Year-to-date, our worldwide industrial category sales were down 2%.  Sales to our academic and governmental category were down 3% in Q3 as strong growth in European biomedical research and materials research applications is offset by weakness in the Americas and China markets, most notably the China food segment. Year-to-date, our academic and governmental category was flat as growth in Europe and the U.S. has been offset by declines in China.  Next, I will review our sales performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia, our largest region in terms of revenue grew 7% in the third quarter. China grew 2%, which as I noted earlier, was driven by strong pharmaceutical growth, partially offset by food market weakness, and has been further influenced by the broader economic slowdown in China.  Looking specifically at the China pharmaceutical market, generic customers were cautious at the beginning of the year, while they digested the impact of the 4+7 program. However, this caution has given a way to a return of capital investment. Bidding in the second phase of the 4+7 program occurred in September and we’re closely following the subsequent developments.  We continue to be encouraged by the pragmatic tone of our customers through this process, as well as the program’s increasingly stringent quality requirements, which together support our initial observations that the larger pharma companies with higher market shares will be the most likely to benefit from 4+7.  Furthermore, we’re well positioned in this regard, because within the Chinese generic pharmaceutical market, we have a higher concentration of sales to these larger companies than we do to smaller companies.  As mentioned last quarter, we believe that 4+7 will result in rising generic prescription volume in China over time, creating a positive tailwind for instrument demand. In India, solid growth was driven by the continued strength in the pharmaceutical market partially offset by industrial softness. Elsewhere in Asia, we continue to be pleased with our business in Japan and Korea, where we expect ongoing stability.  Turning to the U.S., we are disappointed with the 4% decline in the third quarter. U.S. pharma reversed the improving trend we saw in Q2 as our largest pharmaceutical customers, as well as generics companies slowed spending across both LC and LC-MS instruments during the second half of the third quarter.  On the other hand Q3 sales to our U.S. industrial customers grew 5% year-over-year. Overall, the Americas declined 5% in the third quarter, including expected weakness in Latin America, due to the ongoing political instability in both Mexico and Brazil.  Year-to-date, the U.S. grew 2% slightly ahead of 2018’s Q3 year-to-date results, while total Americas in 2019 year-to-date have been flat, influenced by weakness we’ve seen in Latin America throughout the year as well.  In Europe, sales were flat in the quarter with a nice rebound in Eastern Europe that we expected offsetting a slight decline in Western Europe. Overall European results continue to be impacted by cautious Big Pharma capital spending as well as weakness in food and environmental markets.  Finally, I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters branded instrument sales declined 5% in the quarter. LC instruments declined slightly, and system with broader market LC trends that we spoke about earlier in our commentary. In LC-MS, our Q3 business was impacted by the weak Chinese food market as this market has a high concentration of our tandem quad LC-MS systems. Outside of the China food market, our tandem quad portfolio performed well in biopharma R&D, followed -- following the early third quarter launch of our Xevo TQ-S cronos and the next generation version of the popular Xevo TQ-S micro. We are also off to a good start with the launch of our Cyclic IMS and SYNAPT XS systems.  Commercialization of our BioAccord system continues to track positively as market development activities support a meaningful multiyear revenue ramp. Overall in LC-MS systems we are excited about our investments over the past several years in new instruments, chemistries and informatics targeting high growth applications, such as biopharma and we believe that we are now poised for improving results driven by our enhanced and extended portfolio.  Waters branded recurring revenues which reflect the combination of service and precision chemistries grew 5% in the quarter. Chemistry strength in our pharmaceutical business was partially offset by softness in our industrial and academic and governmental categories. In particular, growth is strong and consistent within our application kits, UPLC columns and bioseparation columns. And we are seeing good uptick of our focused branded HPLC columns.  Turning to our TA product line, sales grew 5% in the third quarter with TA instrument system sales up 7% and service sales up 1%. We are encouraged by solid ongoing growth in our thermal and microcalorimetry product lines. I am proud of our TA team which has maintained great focus through a period of leadership transition. Our new President of TA, Jon Pratt, has brought great new energy and leadership that will enable TA to build on its historic success to make even more significant contributions to Waters over time.  Returning to the big picture, we remain steadfastly focused on executing on our five point value creation model. As we have consistently communicated, we aim to create shareholder value by: One, holding a leading specialty position in structurally attractive markets; two, executing a focused growth strategy driven by organic innovation; three, seeking opportunities for continuous operational improvement in innovation, channel and operations; four, maintaining capital discipline as we have shifted from being a capital accumulator to a capital deployer; and five, operating with a performance-oriented culture and management team.  To recap the third quarter, our assumptions in China and Europe played out as we expected, while we experienced volatility in the U.S., particularly among our largest pharma customers. While the macro environment in 2019 has been more challenging than we expected, our concerted investment in new product development is yielding a strong cadence of new products that should increasingly contribute to results over the coming quarters and years.  Looking to the fourth quarter, while we continue to focus on improving our sales growth and are prepared to fulfill higher demand, we are modeling our fourth quarter consistent with year-to-date trends. Sherry will cover the details of our guidance during her remarks.  With that, I’d like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of the third quarter financials and our outlook. Sherry? 
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we recorded net sales of $577 million, an increase of approximately 1% in constant currency. Currency translation decreased sales growth by approximately 1% resulting in flat sales as reported. In the quarter, sales into our pharmaceutical market grew 3%, sales into our industrial market were flat, while academic and governmental markets declined 3%. Looking at product line growth, our recurring revenue, which represents the combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue, grew 5% in the quarter, while instrument sales declined 3%. As we noted last quarter, there was no year-over-year difference in the number of calendar days during the third quarter but there is one additional calendar day in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to 2018. Breaking third quarter product sales down further, sales related to Waters branded products and services were flat, while sales of TA branded products and services grew 5%. Combined LC and LC-MS instrument platform sales were down 5% and TA’s instrumentation system sales were up 7%.  Looking at our growth rates in the third quarter geographically and on a constant currency basis, sales in Asia were up 7% with China growing at 2%, sales in Americas were down 5% with U.S. down 4% and European sales were flat.  Now, I’d like to comment on our third quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 58.2%, about flat compared to 58.3% in the third quarter of 2018.  Moving down the third quarter P&L, operating expenses were about flat year-over-year on a constant currency basis and benefited from lower variable expenses as compared to the prior year. In addition, foreign currency translation decreased operating expense growth by approximately 2% on a reported basis.  In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was about 16%. Year-to-date, the tax rate is approximately 15%, which is in line with our full year guidance. Net interest expense was $8 million, an increase of about $6 million from the prior year as anticipated, as we shifted to a net debt position over the course of the year. Our average share count came in at 66.8 million shares, a share count reduction of approximately 13%, or about 10 million shares lower than in the third quarter of last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program.  Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the third quarter increased to $2.13 in comparison to $1.92 last year, an increase of about 11% driven by our ongoing share repurchase program, and lower variable expenses as compared to the prior year.  On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share increased to $2.07 compared to $1.83 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning.  Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet, I’d like to summarize our third quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the third quarter of 2019, free cash flow came in at $124 million after funding $24 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $21 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operation. In the third quarter, this resulted in $0.22 of each dollar of sales converted into free cash flow and $0.25 year-to-date.  Now, I’d like to provide an update on our third quarter activities related to capital deployment, which we’ve categorized into three areas: Investing for growth; balance sheet strength and flexibility; and return of capital to shareholders.  In terms of returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased 2.7 million shares of our common stock for $580 million in the third quarter. These capital allocation activities along with our free cash flow resulted in cash and short-term investments of $405 million and debt of $1.4 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter resulting in a net debt position of $951 million. Looking ahead, we remain committed to deploying capital against these three priorities.  Our current plans are to repurchase approximately $600 million in shares during the fourth quarter and consistent with our previous communications, about $2.5 billion for the full year. These assumptions are reflected in our full year 2019 guidance.  Turning to working capital, accounts receivable, day sales outstanding came in at 80 days this quarter, up slightly compared to the third quarter of last year. In the quarter, inventories increased by $55 million in comparison to the prior quarter, driven by planned inventory build related to Brexit contingency planning, and new product launches. Lower quarterly sales volumes also impacted inventory balances. As we look forward to the remainder of the year, I’d like to provide some broader context on our Q4 and full year 2019 guidance. Given dynamics through the first three quarters of the year, we’re expecting ongoing mixed end market conditions in China and Europe, improvement in the U.S. versus Q3, and increasing benefits from new product launches.  Our guide does not assume large end of year budget spending by pharmaceutical customers. As a result, we expect constant currency sales growth in the fourth quarter to be in the range of flat to 2%. At today’s rates, currency translation is expected to decrease fourth quarter sales growth by about 1 percentage point. Fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share is estimated to be in the range of $2.95 to $3.05. At current rates, a negative currency impact on fourth quarter earnings per share growth is expected to be 2 to 3 percentage points.  Looking to the full year, assuming we perform within the guidance range for the fourth quarter, that would result in full year 2019 constant currency sales growth guidance of about 1% compared to our prior guidance range of 1% to 3%. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to decrease 2019 sales growth by 1 to 2 percentage points.  Gross margin guidance for the full year is now expected to be about 58.5% at the lower end of a prior guidance range of 58.5% to 59% due to less fixed cost absorption on the lower forecasted sales volumes. We will continue to exercise disciplined expense control for the balance of the year.  Our other key assumptions for full year guidance are unchanged. Net interest expense of $30 million to $32 million, full year effective tax rate of 14% to 15%; and lastly, an average diluted share count of 68.5 million to 69 million shares outstanding.  Rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2019 earnings per fully diluted share are now projected in the range of $8.73 to $8.83, a decrease from our prior range of $8.95 to $9.10. At current rates the negative currency impacts on full year earnings per share growth is expected to be 2 to 3 percentage points. Chris will now make a few summary comments. Chris?
Chris O’Connell: Thank you, Sherry. In summary, our third quarter saw continuation of market conditions influenced by a challenged global macroeconomic environment. We remain very positive on the ongoing durability and potential of our chosen market categories and we are excited about our increasing new product cadence for which our management team is focused on successful launch execution.  With that, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not always able to get to everyone’s questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please contact the Waters Investor Relations team after the call. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Doug Schenkel, Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Good morning and thank you for taking the question. So Chris, over the last five years, Waters’ division recurring revenue has gone from over 8% in 2015 to now tracking to 5% or below this year. In the time we’ve been tracking Waters, which goes back to the early 2000s, we can’t find anything that resembles this trend. And I can’t find an annual recurring revenue growth number for the division as well as the one year tracking to this year other than in 2009. I think we can all understand why there might be periods where capital demand slows. But at the core of an investment in Waters, there’s always been a belief that recurring revenue growth would be steady. Simply put this is your 5 of ongoing declines in this metric, and this year is the worst other than the great recession. And this is in the midst of what has been one of the golden periods for tools. This begs a number of questions. I’ll limit it to three.  One, what can you point to that would demonstrate that there are not structural issues at Waters that are different from the peer group? Two, have competitive dynamics intensified, leading to share loss that you would now acknowledge? And three, why is a continuation of the share buyback, which has arguably depleted the company’s rainy day funds with shares at historically high multiples, the best use of capital moving forward given aforementioned trends and amid concerns about structural and competitive dynamic issues? Thank you. 
Chris O’Connell: Thanks, Doug. Good morning. Okay, you asked three questions there, so I’ll try to take them in order. In terms of the recurring revenue and a reflection of the overall structure of our company relative to our peers, of course, Waters as you know is more concentrated in the pharmaceutical category, particularly the small molecule category. And as I mentioned on the call, we have seen a lengthening of equipment purchasing dynamics in that sector. We’re currently in environment very much driven by macro and to some degree other noise that’s in the environment that has affected the small molecule business of our overall pharma business, our small molecule business, which is LC intensive, is about 70% of our overall pharma business. And currently that’s experiencing more modest growth and certainly there is some impact of recurring revenues that follow from the overall instrument sales. This particular market, which again we do have unique concentration in Doug, as you know, has been steady over time. And while it’s hard to tease out individual cycles, I think there’s no arguing that it’s in the softer phase right now for a number of those reasons that are affecting participants, whether it’s on the generic side or the large pharma side. Our pharma revenue -- our pharma recurring growth, while we don’t break that out, was strong in Q3 and has also been strong throughout this year and last year. And certainly some of the recurring revenues on the industrial side of the business that’s been in a difficult period with global macro has certainly explained that.  And as it relates to a competitive differentiation, our strongest competitive differentiation is in the pharma sector, particularly in the regulated laboratory environment and late stage development, and QA/QC. And so, there have been periods over time when the -- when that particular market segment has done very well and grown above the average of tool, other tool categories. And at this point in time, that sector of the market is growing below the average. But I think because of that, we do see the -- some evidence of pent up demand building and have confidence in that end market over the long-term.  Relative to share loss and your second question, we’ve certainly seen over an extended period of time pressure on our mass spec market share, and that’s why we’ve invested so heavily to reverse that trend and we think we’re really on at a bit of a pivot point relative to the new technology that’s come into the market at both the high end of mass spec as well as in the core tandem quad portfolio, and with a totally new white space opportunity with BioAccord to really improve the mass spec market share position.  On the LC side, we’ve seen generally stable conditions over time and different dynamics within UPLC, HPLC and UHPLC. But as I mentioned earlier, the strong concentration of Waters and regulated laboratories has been an advantage in stabilizing in keeping that share stable and we continue to invest against that, and in other product categories that you didn’t mention, TA instruments, chemistry informatics and service we’ve seen stable share trends as well. So overall, we’re very focused on competing in a market that is very competitive. Certainly acknowledged strong competition but I like the position we have.  Relative to the buyback, as you know with U.S. tax reform that came through a year and a half ago or so, we had a one-time opportunity to really reset our balance sheet and work towards in appropriate capital structure that gives us flexibility but also optimizes our balance sheet and our overall weighted average cost of capital. And certainly feel like we have enough flexibility to make the investments we want to make, both capital investments as well as M&A. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks, Chris, I want to follow up on the U.S. headwinds because obviously last quarter, you were up 7%, pharma up mid-single digit. So this is a pretty decent reversal. It seems like it caught up with you late in the quarter. Can you just give a little more color on how much was pharma, how much was generics. What really does give you confidence in a fourth quarter recovery? Is it the order book? Just curious as to what the drivers of the reversion here are in particular versus some of the comments we’ve heard?
Chris O’Connell: Yes, thank you, Tycho. Yes, just to confirm, your -- the first part of your question, this was -- in fact it happened quite late in the quarter, as you know more than half of our business comes in the third month of the quarter as just to give some color on where our head was at a quarter ago, we did comment on the fact that coming out of the chute in the beginning of the quarter we saw the continuation of trends we had seen in Q2, which as I mentioned in my prepared remarks reinforced the view we had on the U.S. August is always a little bit variable with vacation periods and September ended up being a lot weaker than we expected. And really the only thing I can point to in general is just a lot of noise in the market right now, whether it’s industry litigation or M&A, or certainly on the generic side some of the effects later in the government year on the generic user fee increase. There’s just a bunch of different factors that make for a more noisy market than is expected.  I’ve had the chance to personally with the team evaluate a number of the large orders that we expected, that we had forecast internally within the third quarter and I’m confident that those orders which come from well known customers, strong customers, have been delayed and not lost or cancelled. And so that has given us confidence to suggest that the U.S. ought to be better in Q4 than it was in Q3 and year-to-date. But we’re certainly also being pragmatic and cautious in assuming overall trends for the year continue. And therefore, our assumptions for Q4 do not include a large budget flush. Certainly if a large budget flush were to materialize, as it has in the past, that would represent upside to our numbers, but we’re not forecasting that at this point.
Tycho Peterson: And then for the follow up I want to hone in a little bit on the China dynamics. Can you give us some color on how much China pharma grew? And then as we think about 4+7, you talked about the bidding process beginning in September. We’ve heard anecdotally, maybe a third of the labs will go away. So how do we get comfortable this isn’t a bit of a false bottom here? And then also, it seems like some of the Indian generic companies are also participating in 4+7. I think Dr. Reddy’s won a tender. So just curious how you think about the trade off in growth between China local generic and India pharma? 
Chris O’Connell: Yes. We’re certainly learning as we go. It’s an interesting environment there. As we know, Q1, really the market went on hold and it came back in Q2 and Q3, it was solid as well. We had double-digit growth in China pharma in the third quarter. And what we’ve seen there is that even as 4+7 extends to a broader part of the market, the second phase of bidding in September was the same 25 drugs that we had seen in phase one extending to 27 provinces. About 60% of the participants in the phase two tender were the same companies that participated in the first round of the tender and about 40% were new. But just about all of the major bidders in the process were companies that you would consider to be in the top 100 within China.  To your point about foreign participation, the first phase was almost entirely local China companies, larger China companies in that larger category. In the second phase, we did see an increased participation of the non-Chinese companies, it was about an 85%, 15% mix between China and the non-Chinese companies. So, for example, the Indian company you referenced is an example of the type of companies that are making up that 15% in the second phase.  Like we’ve stated before, the big picture here is that this effort is being done to enhance the overall access of medications to the population and therefore volumes will be increasing. And so, these are long-term positive -- these initiatives are long-term positive for volume in the market and testing volume. And it does also lead to some change in the market. Some of the companies for example that have not won some of these tenders don’t necessarily leave the industry altogether, they have focused on other things. So we have some examples of generic companies leaving the generic space and getting involved in new drug development for example.  So it is still a dynamic situation playing out but at least in the two quarters we’ve just reported most recently, Q2 and Q3, we’ve seen a stabilization of that demand. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Derik De Bruin, Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: So, a couple of questions. So first of all, I wanted to follow up on something that Doug asked. So in the HPLC, UPLC market, typically those instruments have a five to eight year life cycle, life span in them and the upgrade cycle we went through in LC ended in 2017. And clearly we’re getting some changes in terms of the generic manufacturer in U.S. and China, Tycho referenced companies going out of business, essentially. I guess just what gives you confidence that we should see a rebound in LC instruments in 2020? Is the first question.
Chris O’Connell: Yes, thanks a lot, Derik. I want to do as much as I can to provide color on some of the market dynamic that we’ve seen year-to-date now that we’re through three quarters. But I also want to balance that with the fact that fourth quarter is our biggest quarter and a lot can play out in fourth quarter. And so before we put too fine a point on the trends in the market that would underscore our guidance for 2020, we want to see the fourth quarter play out. As you know, in some markets, this business, the LC business in particular has become pretty backend weighted. And we’ve seen in some years a significant increase in business in the fourth quarter that creates an overall story for a kind of a rolling analysis. And so we want to see that play out.  Like I said earlier, we’re not assuming a big flush at the end of the quarter. And that’s why we put the guidance where it is just for caution and conservatism purposes, but we do want to see it play out before we say too much about what we expect out of LC instruments in 2020. But like I mentioned earlier, the LC, the small mol LC market has been reliable historically. We are currently seeing more modest growth and believe that to some extent demand is building for investment in that area as we step into the next several years. So, we’re watching it closely. We want to see what fourth quarter trends look like. And also keep in mind that when you think about the LC business, and the increase of focus on mass spec based workflows that we’re seeing in the market, particularly in large molecule that LCs are an important component and with just about every mass spec system we sell, LCs come along with it. So, we’re looking at LC in both the standalone LC optical market, if you will, as well as the LC-MS market.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And can you talk a little bit about the European markets, just maybe some comments on Eastern versus Western Europe food, environmental, academic, governant, just a little bit more color there? And the shift of the question being is, how much uncertainty you think Brexit has caused across the European markets? Thank you.
Chris O’Connell: Sure. Thanks. Yes, Europe has been a fairly challenging operating environment this year and just to recap the numbers overall for Europe, it was flat in the quarter and is down 2% for the year. That’s -- that includes an overall European pharma number that is 1% up in the quarter and 1% up year-to-date with actually a pretty decent academic and government market up double-digits both quarter-to-date and year-to-date offsetting a similar range of declines for the industrial market. Some of the trends we’ve seen year-to-date -- quarter-to-date was actually a little better in Europe industrial at a mid single-digit decline versus a double-digit decline for the year-to-date. So even though the numbers are still negative in European industrial there, they’ve gotten incrementally better in the third quarter, and that’s really a kind of a combination of the chemical materials market and TA being flatter, and the food and environmental market being down overall.  In terms of the overall environment, there’s enough economic data including PMI that shows a kind of a flat to contracting economic growth environment. And certainly Brexit delays, as you mentioned, are front of mind. And we felt that through the Brexit process, much sentiment is on hold. And we do believe that in that process, there is some pent up demand building, particularly in the UK, in the Northern parts of Europe. And so we’re really trying to look ahead and see when we might see an improving picture, but it’s -- Europe has been kind of a flattish scenario all year long. And that said, we’re super confident in our competitive position throughout Europe and believe that the concentrations we have in certain sectors are really -- provide the right context for what’s happening there. But believe we’re poised particularly with our new product flow to take advantage of improving market conditions when they come. Okay, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Brennan, UBS. Your line is open. 
Dan Brennan: Great, thanks for thanks for the questions. So, Chris, I want to just look at China. Could you provide some color within China regarding food versus industrial versus pharma. You made some comments in your prepared remarks I think signaling kind of macros having an impact. And I know food has been a bigger drag for you. So anyway, if you could just separate out your key areas within China, kind of how they did and kind of what you’re expecting going forward?
Chris O’Connell: Sure. Thanks, Dan. So China was up 2% for the quarter and it’s up 1% year-to-date and the year-to-date obviously incorporates the decline we saw in Q1 with a bit more stability in Q2 and Q3, particularly on the pharma side. And like I mentioned earlier, the pharma business was up double-digits in China and has solidified in the -- as the 4+7 program as we talked about has matured a little bit at least and has more visibility. And really the rest of the business is flattish on the industrial side. It was flat in the quarter and is down 1% for the year. And then on the academic and government side is where we’ve actually seen much more of the pressure, which is down double-digits. And that’s really a function of the food market. As you know, the bulk of our food testing business has been in government-oriented labs, and that’s as the market makes a transition from the government focus on food testing, where government labs are doing the bulk of the testing to one where they’re in more of a supervisory role, that particular market has been somewhat disruptive. We do see a number of dynamics there. Even though the demand has been soft on the government side, we expect an increase in growth in the future on the private side and, and even to some degree a privatization of what previously were government labs.  And so, that process of privatization within the government testing environment as well as the uptake in the third-party testing lab sector has caused this disruption, and to your point, food, as the years played out has provided most of the pressure in our business there, while pharma has recovered. The industrial environment is a bit muted based on the overall economic conditions but it’s really been in that government area and the food testing.  I will say in the food area another important comment though just looking at the market, it’s a pretty mass spec heavy market with a focus on tandem quads. And we’ve really strengthened our portfolio in tandem quads this year with the introduction of the cronos and the TQ-S micro. And that gives us a lot more flexibility particularly in the mid and lower tiers of tandem quad testing. And I think we could argue that we have across the board the strongest or one of the strongest tandem quad portfolios in the industry and feel very good about our ability to compete in that market and to serve the different segments of the market as they develop. So we’re glad with the investments we’ve made on the mass spec side and that will show through particular in the tandem quad business. And obviously we’re working as hard as we can to understand when that demand might return and how to make sure we’re well positioned to win a lot of it.
Dan Brennan: And then this is a follow-up. So on the new products side Chris I know in your prepared remarks you talked about meaningful revenue contribution. I know you’re not going to give us a number right now. But at least could you just discuss with the fourth quarter kind of what assume from new products? And then is there any way to just kind of categorize how to think about what the potential of all these new products that you’re rolling out could be since it’s such a critical part I think of kind of your story and kind of strategy shift that you’ve made at Waters? Thank you.
Chris O’Connell: Yes. Thanks, Dan. And absolutely job one at Waters is new product innovation. And we’re in the midst of a significant transformation of our R&D efforts and really the continued achievement of innovation leadership. I think a lot of those efforts are going really well. We’re extremely encouraged by the products that have come through the pipeline already with a pretty heavy focus on mass spec, given the growth opportunities in the mass spec markets as well as competitive position that we needed to improve. That was clearly the case. But kind of furthermore on the innovation side with the increases in investment, we’ve built a really robust five year product roadmap that we have more clarity than we’ve ever had at Waters in terms of a cadence of new product introductions across instruments, chemistries. And of course, we’ll be talking a lot more about informatics in the years to come with the Waters Connect platform. Just a couple of quick notes on the products we’ve launched, there are different type of products, of course, we’ve made a number of different key line extensions on the LC side that are maybe a little bit below the radar screen, but really enhance our industry leading LC portfolio, particularly on the bio side with our Arc Bio and H-Class Bio and the binary pump and a number of other products we’ve put into the market this year, certainly the chemistries that go along with the LC portfolio. I mentioned a new family of HPLC chemistries, the focus family, and of course everything we’re doing in bioseparations. But mass spec has really been the headline this year, BioAccord is a game changer. It is really white space opportunity in the sense of bringing highly usable, high quality, very easy to use time-of-flight mass spectrometry into the regulated laboratory space in late development and ultimately QA/QC. I’ve had a chance to personally visit three or four customers this quarter who have bought BioAccord and the feedback is very positive. So, we’re encouraged there. The activities in the third quarter did not have as big of an impact in the third quarter. It should have a bigger impact in Q4. The tandem quads, I mentioned cronos and micro, but we did sell an encouraging number of the Cyclic IMSs in the quarter and have an even bigger order book for Q4. And then, the SYNAPT XS system which we announced the launch of in the third quarter, we did not ship in the quarter and we have communicated that -- we did communicate that to our customers. And so, we certainly have a bigger opportunity in Q4 than we had in Q3 relative to the high-res portfolio and we expect the SYNAPT XS, which is a dramatic enhancement in our well accepted SYNAPT QTOF platform. We certainly have an opportunity to ship that product this quarter that we didn’t have last quarter. So, that’s some more color on all the new product launches. And again, I don’t want to put too fine a point on a specific contribution in the fourth quarter, but we certainly expect it to increasingly be visible. And as we roll into next year with these launches under our belt, I think we’ll be in a position as we guide for 2022 to put some more specificity around that.
Dan Brennan : Great, thank you.
Chris O’Connell: Thanks, Dan. Next question please.
Bryan Brokmeier : Operator, is there another question in the queue?
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.
Stephen Beuchaw : First, I actually want to follow up on a point that the Doug alluded to, it has to do with capital deployment. If I think back to the beginning of the year, you -- well, it actually goes even into the fourth quarter of the prior year. You made a commitment to not just doing the $2.5 billion but also to getting to a leverage target that implies that you continue to buy back stock beyond 2019. Are you still committed to going to that leverage target?
Sherry Buck : Hi Steve, this is Sherry. So yes, so just to go back a little bit with the availability of our cash, as a result of tax reform, we did a lot of work and analysis and wanted to our balance sheet to work. And we communicated our share buyback program for the year of $2.5 billion and we’re working toward that as reflected in our guide. And then as we look at overall capital structure and optimizing that capital structure, 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA ratio is still a near-term goal. And I would say, as we end the year we’ll probably be about 2 times with our guidance around the share buyback. So, we’ll look at our 2020 plans and give some more details around what our specific guidance for next year, but that is still a goal we’re working toward but not obviously for this year.
Stephen Beuchaw : Okay, perfect. And then, Chris, I should’ve opened the door in a different kind of way. There have been a lot of really good questions asked here in the Q&A with people focusing on customer demands, competitive demands, R&D, macro. These are all important parts of a sort of broader conversation around -- what do you own when you own Waters as a stock, right. If I talk to an investor who owns Waters, they’re generally talking to me about how much appeal they see because of the likely sustainability of the growth of pill count. And that should mean that you get to mid-single digit growth. I’m sure you’re going to get questions on this topic from a lot of investors in coming weeks and months. So I guess now that we’re at this point in the year and we’ve learned a few things, a few things we didn’t know even six months ago, how do you talk to that investor about that path back to mid-single digit growth? Is that the right way to think about things? Thanks so much.
Chris O’Connell: Sure, yes. No, of course all efforts, Steve, are focused on returning to better -- much better growth. And we’ve certainly seen better growth in different instrument cycles within the specific categories we focus in. At the end of the day, I think a lot about the markets we participate in and want to make sure Waters is well positioned in structurally attractive markets. And even putting aside cycles and different macroeconomic conditions, we still fundamentally believe that the attractiveness of the pharma and biopharma space is very high, and furthermore that there is an accelerating innovation story in material science and food safety testing and some of the other markets we’re in. So, we’re really focused on the fundamentals of those markets and believe that some of the things you mentioned around the sustainability of the pill count and prescription volume and patient access to medication on the small molecule, the generic side and also the innovation on the large molecule side are all very, very good markets to participate in. And our ability proven over time and we believe we’re in a new phase of proving it all over again in terms of the ability to lead the market with meaningful innovation in these spaces, which will then have a downstream impact on a strong recurring revenue stream with consumables. And service is a great place to be as the company that can generate very high returns on invested capital and over different cycles market leading organic growth. I think the incremental opportunity we have since tax reform is to add to that with deploying capital to growth activities, whether it’s a faster pace of capital investment in the company or tuck-in M&A as we see it, we’ve certainly been active in the M&A space in the recent past. And while we’ve not gone forward, given our level of discipline and focus on things that will make the biggest difference, that will be over time an added opportunity to generate returns of our capital that we generate in the business. So, that’s how I think about it. And ultimately, making sure we make the right investments, allocate our capital both internally and externally to earn the type of returns that Waters has so consistently delivered over time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Willoughby, Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby : Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess two things; first, Chris, if you could just -- I guess asking about new products in a different way, the company has had to guide down organic growth 3 times so far this year. And I’m just trying to get a feel for kind of what were you expecting the impact or contribution from new products this year at the beginning of the year as compared to now? And then I have a follow-up for Sherry.
Chris O’Connell: Yes, Steve, I think we were -- we always had modest expectations and that’s why we didn’t put too fine a point on a number. Certainly, we expected toward the back half of the year to see more of an impact on that. And obviously, with our largest quarter ahead of us, Q4 accounts for 30% of the year in terms of our historical averages of the third quarter. We want to make sure we see fourth quarter play out and do expect to see a bigger impact. But overall for the year, we expected a modest impact. And so, in terms of what’s played out, I don’t think there’s any question that the muted capital purchasing environment and some of the macro-dynamics we’ve spoken about probably had somewhat of a moderating effect on that impact, but that’s why we focus on some of those underlying metrics of market development that I have continuously alluded to, to gauge our progress. And ideally what that adds up to here is strengthening in the fourth quarter and setting the stage for an even bigger impact in 2020.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Vijay Kumar, Evercore. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar : I had one China question and one guidance. Maybe I’ll start with China. Chris, maybe -- you mentioned some comments on food. Is that end market graph maybe stabilizing, improving or maybe not better, worsened? And I’m also curious, we hear noise on this round two of 4 by 7. Should we think of that as incremental or is this already being accounted by customers, given that they knew the second round was coming?
Chris O’Connell : Yes, thanks, Vijay. I’m happy to take those, and welcome to coverage of the name. I know you’re not new to the space overall but new to us, so welcome. And in terms of China, it’s hard to say where to call the current short-term trend right now and we want to see another quarter or two. I don’t think we have any expectation that food is going to jump back this quarter. There is a transition going on in the market. If you look at the China food market from a bigger picture perspective, food had a really great run in China in the sort of ‘15 to ‘17 time frame in the relative recent past. And it’s a market that, as I mentioned before, has been very oriented to government laboratories that’s changing. It’s changing for the right reasons because a lot of the testing infrastructure is being pushed out into the community. And there will be a privatization process underway there, which we think is ultimately going to lead to a return of really favorable growth conditions. And as I mentioned before, our improving tandem quad portfolio is going to be well timed for when that comes back, But again, it’s -- don’t have enough visibility to call a rebound in the immediate future here. And just a small point on 4+7, then I’ll let you ask your Sherry question since we’re running a little low on time. But the -- we do learn more incrementally. We do have a pretty good feel for what the second phase has brought. And we see confidence on the part of the largest companies that are participating and doing well in those tenders. And as I believe Tycho asked earlier, beginning to see the participation of some major global companies as well in the process. But again, that process is all about growth and managing price through these tenders in a way that gives the government confidence that can support the growth that’s being demanded by their population. Was there a financial question?
Bryan Brokmeier : I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Jack Meehan, Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan : Chris, I guess just given some of the recent growth trends, I wanted to prod a little bit more on capital deployment. You’ve talked a couple of times about tuck-in M&A. Just curious, earlier this year, you changed the credit agreement to allow for increased leverage for deals over $400 million. If you did a deal that size, would you consider that additive to the buyback plan? And are you looking at assets of that size? I’m just curious if there is any additional color you could give around the pipeline. Thanks.
Chris O’Connell: Sure. Yes, Jack, let me take -- thanks for the question. And let me take the first part of that and have Sherry comment as well. Yes, we’ve been investing internally in a capability for M&A to add some -- to add to our portfolio in advanced and adjacent technologies with a very rigorous strategic financial and execution framework. And I would characterize the assets we’re looking at as more in the small to mid size, more in the tuck-in category is -- we certainly have a lot of flexibility in our balance sheet to do everything we’re looking at and obviously want to make sure that we can be opportunistic where it’s appropriate. But I’ll have Sherry comment a little further on the covenants and so forth.
Sherry Buck : Right. Yes, so we updated some of our agreements and with the recent offering that we made, it was just bringing all of them in line with language that we already had as far as what our leverage ratios are. So, it’s maybe just a little bit of housekeeping on that. But as far as our overall capital structure, we’ve talked about working through a near-term leverage ratio of 2.5 times. And certainly, if there is a right asset that makes sense for us from our strategic goals and our strategy, we’d be willing and have the flexibility, as Chris mentioned, to lever up. And we’ve got the covenants in place to cover that.
Chris O’Connell : Good. Thanks. Sherry, and thanks everybody for your participation and questions. We’re going to wrap up the call now. Just a note of conclusion here. Despite the more challenging capital purchasing dynamics that we’ve talked about this year, 2019 has been an important year for Waters in setting the stage for an exciting multiyear product cycle. We’ve begun to see the early outputs of our significant recent investment in R&D and are encouraged by early customer response. We expect to see increasing sales contribution from our newly commercialized products as well as those still to come over the coming quarters and years. So on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q4 2019 call, which we currently anticipate holding on February 04, 2020. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: And thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines and we appreciate your business. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference call today. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results for the company for the third quarter and full year 2019. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 29, 2019. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal year 2018. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris O’Connell, Waters' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Chris?
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier, joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, I will provide an overview of our second quarter operating results as well as some broader commentary on our business. Sherry will then review our financial results in detail and provide comments on our third quarter and full year 2019 financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. Briefly reviewing our financial highlights for the second quarter, revenues grew 2% and adjusted earnings per share grew 10%. While sales in the quarter came in at the low end of our guidance range, we are encouraged by our progress in key areas of the business during the quarter, including achieving high-single digit growth in the U.S., growth in China and broad-based pharmaceutical strength across all major geographies. With these positives and the stabilization in market trends that we saw during Q2 as well as the increasing impact of our new product launches, we are looking forward to continued improvement in the second half of 2019. On our income statement, we demonstrated disciplined operating expense management during the quarter while protecting investment in key growth initiatives, particularly organic R&D. This operating control combined with our share repurchase program enabled us to deliver double-digit earnings per share growth in Q2. Before I review our end market, geographic and product line performance, I’d like to provide an update on the three factors we cited in last quarter’s call that led to a slower start to 2019 than we expected; China, Europe and TA Instruments. First, on China. As a reminder, China represents 18% of our global revenue and has reliably delivered strong double-digit growth for an extended period of time. Our business mix in China is unique within our global portfolio as well as within the industry with more concentration in generic pharma and food testing. In the second quarter, our business in China grew 3% overall. Our pharmaceutical business in China grew nicely in the quarter with growth in both large and small molecule applications. We continue to watch the 4+7 program closely, especially given the likely expansion of this pilot program later this year. That said, some generic customers that have withheld purchasing in Q1 resumed their purchasing of instruments in Q2, particularly those that were awarded tenders as part of the 4+7 pilot program. And we have a strong market position with this customer base. As we mentioned last quarter, we believe that over the long term, 4+7 will result in rising generic prescription volumes in China leading to attractive growth in demand for our instruments. On the large molecule side of the business in China, we continue to see solid growth affirming the ongoing strength of innovation in China and our strong market position. We were also pleased to see our food business in China stabilize somewhat during the quarter, driven by stronger instrument demand from independent food labs. While this development is encouraging, it is not yet sufficient to offset the continued soft demand we are experiencing from the governmental food labs in China. As we have discussed before, the food safety testing market in China is in transition which will lead to strong, long-term growth opportunities even if we experience some bumps during the process. Finally, in China, the progress we made in generic pharma and third party food testing was somewhat offset by weaker demand in academic and governmental markets. Second, with respect to Europe, sales declined 2% during the quarter as modest growth in Western Europe was insufficient to offset a double-digit decline in Eastern Europe. Looking at Western Europe, we are encouraged by the solid pharmaceutical growth we experienced in Q2 as our large customers that had been more cautious in the first quarter increased their budget releases. However, that pharma growth was mostly offset by a decline in industrial and applied markets in Europe. Third, our TA Instrument product line stabilized during the quarter with flat year-over-year revenue growth and all key product lines experiencing sequential improvement in year-over-year growth. Though we remain appropriately cautious given industrial market headwinds, particularly in Europe, we are confident that our strong global TA team, our leading market position and our robust product pipeline position us very well competitively through these market cycles. Taking a closer look at the business, starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level, sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category increased 6% during the quarter with all major geographies growing. In China, we delivered solid growth in both small and large molecule applications. Additionally, after a sluggish start to the year, our largest pharmaceutical companies in the U.S. and Europe began to release their 2019 budgets purchasing both LC and LC-MS instruments as well as our precision chemistries. Year-to-date, overall sales to our pharmaceutical category grew 3% including double-digit growth in large molecule pharma. We remain excited about our market position and expanding product portfolio in large molecule pharma where we have seen consistent double-digit growth. Sales to our worldwide industrial category, which include material science, food and environmental markets, declined 3% in the quarter due to weakness in industrial, chemicals and materials and soft demand in food testing markets, particularly in Europe. Year-to-date, our worldwide industrial category sales were down 3%. We remain confident in our portfolio of growth opportunities in the industrial markets, particularly with our newly launched Tandem Quad Mass Spec products and strong TA product line. Sales to our academic and governmental category were flat in Q2 as strong growth in biomedical research applications in the U.S., Europe and Korea were offset by softness in China. Year-to-date, our governmental and academic category was up 2%. In general, we are seeing stable government funding patterns in most markets with the current exception of China. For the second half of the year, we are looking forward to the benefits of the recently launched Cyclic IMS and SYNAPT XS high resolution mass spec systems to serve the strong demand in biomedical research applications. Next, I will review our sales performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia, our largest region in terms of revenue, grew 3% in the second quarter. As I noted earlier, China’s 3% growth performance was driven by solid pharmaceutical growth partially offset by weaker demand in academic and governmental markets. In India, demand continued to stabilize with the completion of national elections and we anticipate solid growth in the back half of the year. Elsewhere in Asia Pacific, we were particularly pleased with our business in Japan and Korea where we expect continued stable trends. Turning to the U.S., we are very pleased by our 8% growth in the second quarter. U.S. pharma grew mid-single digits as our largest pharmaceutical customers increased spending across both LC and LC-MS instruments. U.S. pharma was led by strong growth in large molecule applications although it’s important to note that small molecule pharma returned to growth in the quarter driven by a healthier generic environment. Overall, the Americas grew 5% in the second quarter as declines in Latin America resulting from political instability in Mexico and Brazil partially offset our strong U.S. growth. In Western Europe, as noted before, sales growth was positive in the quarter behind strong pharmaceutical growth mostly offset by broad industrial weakness. Eastern Europe declined double digits leading to an overall decline of Europe sales of 2%. Eastern Europe was affected by very difficult comps and we expect growth will normalize over the course of the year. Finally, I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters branded instrument sales stabilized in the quarter and increased 1% as strong instrument sales to pharmaceutical customers were mostly offset by general industrial softness as noted before. LC instruments grew modestly driven by demand in large molecule pharma, partially offset by soft industrial markets. In mass spectrometry, our Q2 business grew modestly driven by strong pharmaceutical demand particularly for the QDa and high resolution mass spec systems. In particular, our QTof mass spec portfolio sold well in the quarter setting the stage for even better high resolution mass spec sales in the second half when we expect to begin shipping our Cyclic IMS and SYNAPT XS systems and also see increasing contribution of BioAccord. Waters branded recurring revenues, which reflect the combination of service and precision chemistries, grew 4% during the quarter. Pharmaceutical strength in chemistry was partially offset by softness in our academic and governmental category. In particular, growth was strong within our application kits, UPLC columns and bioseparation columns including our recently launched BioResolve Reversed Phase Monoclonal Antibody columns. I provided some color on TA earlier in the call, but to quickly recap, sales were flat in the second quarter with TA instrument sales down 2% and service sales up 5%. We are encouraged that our thermal, rheology and microcalorimetry product lines improved their growth rates sequentially. Returning to the big picture, we remain steadfastly focused on executing on our five-point value-creating model. As we have consistently communicated, we aim to create shareholder value by first, holding a leading specialty position in structurally attractive markets; two, executing a focused growth strategy driven by organic innovation. Three, seeking opportunities to continuous operational improvement in innovation, channel and our operations; four, maintaining capital discipline as we shift from being a capital accumulator to a capital deployer; and five, operating with a performance-oriented culture and management team. We are truly excited about our significant new product cycle which is the result of our purposeful increases in R&D spending over the past three years. Halfway through the year, we have introduced a meaningful number of new products across a range of technology, market and application categories. While we’ve launched a number of critical new platform extensions and product enhancements in LC and TA, I’d like to focus my comments here on several of our exciting new mass spec system launches. In Q1, we launched a groundbreaking BioAccord system, a fit-for-purpose, a high-performance LC-MS system for routine monitoring of biomolecule attributes in regulated laboratories. Customer feedback has been very positive and we are seeing an expanding pipeline of leads, opportunities and quotes which position us for a meaningful ramp over the next several years. At ASMS in June, we launched two new high resolution mass spec systems. The first, the Select Series Cyclic IMS is a revolutionary next generation mass spectrometry instrument designed in collaboration with leading researchers with the aim of advancing their cutting-edge research. It combines novel cyclic IM mobility separation with variable higher performance time-of-flight mass spectrometry to enable previously unattainable ion selection in fragmentation for advanced mass spec users across a very broad range of molecules. The second high resolution mass spectrometer we launched at ASMS was the SYNAPT XS, a new high resolution instrument for research scientists with unprecedented flexibility of inlets and acquisition modes. The system incorporates the StepWave XS ion guide from the Cyclic IMS providing the first example of Waters’ transferring leading-edge technology from our advanced mass spec program into the broader mass spec portfolio. Customer interest in both systems has been very high and we’ve already received multiple orders for both the Cyclic IMS and SYNAPT XS. Most recently, we were pleased yesterday to announce the launch of two new mid-ranged Tandem Quad mass spec systems. First is the Xevo TQ-S cronos, a new tandem quadrupole mass spectrometer that is purpose-built for routine quantitation of large numbers of small-molecule organic compounds over a wide concentration range. The TQ-S cronos system is paired with a next generation version of the popular Xevo TQ-S micro bolstering our Tandem Quad line of mass spectrometers that is perfectly suited for the applied markets, including pesticide residue analysis, contaminants monitoring in processed foods, identifying drugs of abuse and performing impurity profiling of pharmaceuticals. To recap where we stand midway through 2019, while we started the year facing a number of unanticipated headwinds, particularly in China and Europe, we have focused on managing through these challenges to sequentially improve our growth. During Q2, key areas of our business improved, including achieving high-single digit growth in the U.S., growth in China and pharmaceutical strength across all major geographies. This progress is encouraging. Stabilizing end markets as well as our accelerating cadence of new product introductions provide us with the confidence that we will be able to achieve continued improvement over the course of the year. With that, I’d like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of the second quarter financials. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, we recorded net sales of $599 million, an increase of approximately 2% in constant currency. Currency translation decreased sales growth by approximately 2% resulting in flat sales as reported. In the quarter, sales into our pharmaceutical market grew 6%. Sales into our industrial market declined 3%, while academic and governmental markets were flat. Looking at product line growth, our recurring revenue, which represents the combination of precision chemistries products and service revenue, grew 4% in the quarter, while instrument sales were flat. As we noted last quarter, there is no year-over-year difference in the number of calendar days during the second or third quarters, but there is one additional calendar day in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to 2018. Breaking second quarter product sales down further, sales related to Waters branded products and services grew 3%, while sales of TA-branded products and services were flat. Combined LC and LC-MS instrument platform sales were up 1% and TA's instrumentation system sales decreased by 2%. Looking at our growth rates in the second quarter geographically and on a constant currency basis, sales in Asia were up 3% with China growing at 3%. Sales in the Americas were up 5% driven by 8% growth in U.S. and European sales were down 2%. Now, I’d like to comment on our second quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 58.4% compared to 59.2% in the second quarter of 2018. The lower gross margin relative to the prior-year quarter was primarily the result of FX. Moving down the second quarter P&L, operating expenses increased by approximately 1% on a constant currency basis and foreign currency translation decreased operating expense growth by approximately 3% on a reported basis. In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was about 16%. Year-to-date, the tax rate is approximately 14%, which is in line with our full year guidance. Net interest expense was $6 million, an increase of about 3 million from the prior year as anticipated as we shifted to a net debt position during the quarter. Our average share count came in at 69.5 million shares, a share count reduction of approximately 11% or about 9 million shares lower than in the second quarter of last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the second quarter increased to $2.14 in comparison to $1.95 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share increased to $2.08 compared to $1.98 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet, I'd like to summarize our second quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the second quarter of 2019, free cash flow came in at $136 million after funding $20 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow were $29 million for U.S. tax reform-related payments and $20 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operation. In the second quarter, this resulted in $0.23 of each dollar sales converted into free cash flow and $0.26 year-to-date. Now, I’d like to provide an update on our second quarter activities related to capital deployment, which we categorize into three areas; investing for growth, balance sheet strength and flexibility, and the return of capital to shareholders. During the quarter, R&D grew 6% on a constant currency basis as we continue to invest in bringing innovative new products to market. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased 2.7 million shares of our common stock for $577 million in the second quarter. These capital allocation activities, along with our free cash flow, resulted in cash and short-term investments of $676 million and debt of $1.1 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter, resulting in a shift to a net debt position of $473 million. Looking ahead, we remain committed to deploying capital against these three priorities and continue working towards a near-term capital structure of up to 2.5x net debt to EBITDA ratio. Our current plans are to repurchase approximately $600 million in shares during the third quarter and consistent with our previous communications, about $2.5 billion for the full year. These assumptions are reflected in our 2019 guidance. We will continue to evaluate our share repurchase plans over the remainder of the year and provide quarterly updates. Turning to working capital. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 79 days this quarter, up slightly compared to the second quarter of last year. In the quarter, inventories increased by $52 million in comparison to the prior-year quarter, driven by planned inventory build related to Brexit contingency planning, quarterly sales volumes and inventory build for new product launches. As we look forward to the balance of the year, I’d like to comment on our full year 2019 guidance. As Chris previously mentioned, we continue to expect improved second half revenue performance versus the first half. That said, when factoring in our actual results for the first half, we are updating our full year 2019 constant currency sales growth guidance to a range of 1% to 3% from our prior guidance range of 2% to 4% constant currency sales growth. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to decrease 2019 sales growth by 1 to 2 percentage point. Net interest expense guidance for the full year is now expected to be in a range of $30 million to $32 million which is lower than our prior guidance of $30 million to $35 million.  Our other key assumptions for the full year guidance are unchanged. Gross margin of 58.5% to 59%, operating expense growth at a rate that is below our sales growth rate, full year effective tax rate of 14% to 15% and lastly an average diluted share count of 68.5 million to 69 million shares outstanding. Rolling all of this together, and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2019 earnings per fully diluted share are now projected in the range of $8.95 to $9.10, a decrease from our prior range of $9.05 to $9.25. At current rates, the negative currency impact on full year earnings per share growth is expected to be 2 to 3 percentage points. Looking at the third quarter of 2019, we expect 2% to 4% constant currency sales growth. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to decrease third quarter sales growth by approximately 1 percentage point. Combining these top line factors with a moderate increase in expenses, we estimate third quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share in the range of $2.05 to $2.15. At current rates, the negative currency impact on third quarter earnings per share growth is expected to be 2 to 3 percentage points. Chris will now make a few summary comments. Chris?
Christopher O’Connell: Great. Thank you, Sherry. In summary, while our first half of 2019 was slower than we expected, we did see improvement in the second quarter, particularly in key growth drivers of our business, namely our two largest geographies; U.S. and China, and in our largest market category, pharmaceuticals. In total, we expect a better second half than our first half based on the improving end market conditions we saw in the second quarter as well as our accelerating cadence of new product introductions. With that, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not always able to get to everyone's questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. And if you have additional questions, please contact the Waters Investor Relations team after the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi. Good morning.
Christopher O’Connell: Good morning, Derik.
Derik De Bruin: Hi. Can you just clarify on the margins for a little bit? How did FX help? I know the pound obviously has been tanking. So how does that flow through? I know that benefits you. Can you just talk about the impact on the margin?
Sherry Buck: Yes. Hi, Derik. This is Sherry. In the quarter, our FX on the top line kind of came in as expected and on gross margin it was unfavorable, about 60 basis points – impacted about 60 basis points. And then we – as it flowed through to EPS, it was a little bit more unfavorable than what we had expected. And basically it’s due to the weaker euro and the pound and yen movement wasn’t able to be offset.
Derik De Bruin: Got it. Obviously, there’s a lot of questions on China and one of your competitors in the tool space flagged some incremental headwinds in that market yesterday with some government tender commentary there. Can you just talk about a little bit more about the situation there and what you’re seeing in 4+7? And also just anything in terms of unusual activity from either a pricing perspective or potentially orders going to more local vendors there? Thanks.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure, Derik. Let me jump into that and start with the 4+7 as you began. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we did see really a loosening of some of the spending that had been so constricted in the first quarter, particularly in the month of March. And as I mentioned, we saw some of the winners come forward with instrument purchasing from the first round. And just as a reminder, Phase 1 of the 4+7 involved a target of 31 drugs, 25 were actually completed through the tendering process. And now we do have some expectation as Phase 2 is upon us. I think there is still some lack of clarity in the market as it relates to how it all plays out, but I would characterize the tone of our customers as being a little bit more balanced than we saw them in Q1. Q1, the news was so new, the process was so new that it really had a freeze effect in the market and we did see some chilling of that freeze and some better underlying demand. As I mentioned many times, we see the overall objectives of the 4+7 program being positive for the consumer in China and ultimately for instrument purchases. And so we’re just managing our way through it.  As it relates to the rest of the market in China, we didn’t see any unusual activity to your question on pricing or any local bias. As you know, a lot of our business in China is in highly regulated categories and therefore there is less of a local competition dynamic than perhaps other companies. But China obviously is a dynamic market right now. We’re just staying very, very focused on what we do well there which is to serve our customers and deliver technology to them. And our overall expectations for China over the rest of the year are what I’d say cautious and balanced where we’re seeing some great strength in areas like large molecule, biomedical research, clinical diagnostics with ongoing questions on 4+7, so we’re in a little bit of a wait and see mode there. Our exposure in government food labs has been under pressure while we also see some good development on the independent side. So, overall, kind of a balanced view but certainly not any expectations that China comes all the way back to historical levels. We see more of a continuation of the trends that we saw in Q2.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hi. Good morning. Chris, I’m wondering if you can talk on the pharma recovery. Last quarter, you talked about some delays on the budget release. How much of this quarter was just catch up versus what could be a sustainable recovery from pharma?
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Thanks. Good morning, Tycho. Yes, we did see – we definitely saw better pharma tone really across the portfolio in Q2 and that had been a welcome sign after Q1. I don’t know that I would characterize it as a catch up from Q1 per se, but just an overall health and strength of the pharmaceutical market. As I mentioned, we grew in all key geographies. We continue to see robust large molecule trends. And despite some of the hits on the small molecule side we’ve taken in recent years in India and China, we do believe in the ongoing health of that market driven by expanding patient access to therapies. I guess one other comment there is in particular what we call our top pharma, which is our top 15 pharma accounts, we are very encouraged by them. They had a better quarter in Q2 than we’ve seen in a while. And while we’re not assuming any unusual flush activities in the back half of the year, we expect what I’d characterize as normal second half improvement in a pattern that we’ve seen over the last several years. So it was nice to have pharma overall for us at the historical growth rates in that 6% growth range and as long as that continues on that pattern, which we do expect, we gain confidence in our numbers in the back half of the year.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then for the follow up, can you just address the guidance reduction? It sounds like pharma is stabilizing a bit. China is maybe going to be consistent with what you saw in 2Q. So it is really just the industrial outlook that you’re factoring in the back half of the year for the guidance reduction?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, I’ll make a quick comment and let Sherry go a little deeper on the guide. Obviously, halfway through the year it’s just math on the first half. And so you take the actual for the first half and then you take our outlook for the second half which we’ve tried to be clear we do expect to be better than the first half and have some of these market trends continue plus the incremental benefit of our new products. And so what ends up in forming the overall range for the year is simply the first half actuals, because we came in a little bit in the lower end of our range in Q2 that had the effect of taking down the first half actual a little bit. But looking at the second half, I think you’ve characterized it correctly which is we expect a solid and healthy pharma, solid and healthy U.S. environment that was a real nice part of the quarter with a balanced view in China and I’d say probably more caution on the European environment overall.
Sherry Buck: And just adding to that a little bit, when you think about the markets, Chris had talked about pharma, also probably a little bit cautious on the industrial given what we’ve seen so far in the year. When you look at our EPS guide range, we lowered it from the midpoint. There’s really two factors that drove that. One would be our FX guidance update. That’s about half of the change, 1 point we’re seeing as FX, and then the volume changing kind of our midpoint growth volume for the full year.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Muken of Evercore. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Good morning, guys. So I appreciate some of the color on the cyclical end markets and some of the industrial noise. I guess as you’re thinking about second half, the CapEx line in general in terms of instruments has been sort of a source of weakness now for I don’t know, maybe 12, 18 months. I think probably the weakest periods were instruments since maybe '08, '09. Obviously, you’ve got a lot of new products coming in that you can control. But on the stuff you can’t, I guess how are you thinking about the degree of risk from just general macro slowdown, so PMIs continue to decelerate, some of the challenges in China, we know of Europe obviously the threat of hard Brexit there that’s tough to figure out but it seems like a risk? And then layering in what we know about 4+7, obviously we were there in China not long ago. It seems certainly like there was going to be an expansion. And so, again, that’s something not in your control and may end up positive but still causes some lack of visibility. So I guess how are you thinking about the cadence of the product rollouts, what you can control versus the risk of what you can’t control, because it seems like the key to getting Waters back to its more normalized growth rate is obviously going to be getting that CapEx line back to a more – the instrument line back to a more normal level. Like, how do you put that whole pie together as you think about getting back to, I don’t know, 3%, 4%, 5% instrument growth by next year which you need to kind of get back to your long-term growth rates?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, thank you, Ross, and good morning. And that’s exactly the goal here is to get that instrument line moving and you correctly pointed out that there is a lot in the new cadence that we do control, and we’re really excited about that. Like I said on the prepared remarks, we’ve invested assertively. We’ve really put our heads down to improve our overall product portfolio and we’re really I think going to be able to see the positive benefits of that and it’s certainly been something that’s energized our customers and our field organization as we look into the back half of the year. And so we definitely try to focus on what we can control there. In terms of a lot of the macro pieces that you identified, we’ve tried to put together a guide that really bakes in a lot of that question, if you will, and there are different points that you mentioned. The general industrial slowdown is certainly something that’s affected our business and that’s primarily a European question as our industrial business in the U.S. was actually quite positive in the quarter and has been positive. The European environment is really characterized by a lot of uncertainty particularly as you point out around Brexit. There’s no question that the northern part of Europe has in particular been impacted by that. We’ve seen more pressure in the northern part of Europe than we have in the southern part of Europe, but obviously that’s going to work its way towards a resolution point one way or another here by the end of the year. And of course, in China, it’s a variety of factors there and most prominent to us has been 4+7 in the food question. But like I mentioned earlier, I think there’s a little more moderation around 4+7 expectations as participants in the market come to grips with the new process but also see the growth that’s inherent in this marketplace. We don’t know exactly what Phase 2 is going to look like there. We do understand that unlike Phase 1, there may be multiple winners per tender accepted which could moderate the dynamic overall. So some uncertainty but we believe all those factors are baked into our near-term guide here.
Ross Muken: Chris, maybe on a strategic level, one of the things that sort of differentiated growth this quarter and last quarter or sometimes when the group is kind of exposure to bio production, you guys have some presence there but certainly not the same scale you do in small molecule. I guess as you think about strategically how you’ve deployed your capital, with some of the bumps you’ve had, the stock has hung in there given all the buyback that’s happened. I guess has there been any thought maybe to getting a little bit more aggressive on the sort of strategic tuck-in M&A side to maybe get the bias particularly on pharma where you’ve got some a dominant presence a little bit more skewed towards the biotech side versus maybe where you are today?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. I think that’s an important topic and as you know from our capital allocation priorities which we have really refined since U.S. tax reform which was a real game changer for us, we do have as our first priority for capital deployment growing the business and that’s why we’ve allocated more capital to internal R&D. It’s why we’ve allocated more capital to CapEx. And we’ve over the past several years built a corporate development function within the company to be more active outside the company looking for opportunities to deploy capital to highly purposeful selective M&A. And so we are definitely more active on that front, but with a high degree of both strategic and financial discipline. In the overall bio production world there’s obviously a lot of analytical technologies in that space where we’ve been forward leaning for some time. We’ve had some market leading technology in areas like process analytical and other related areas in terms of more participation in some of those spaces. Some of that would be logical. We’re always going to stay within a framework of our specialty focus as a company, but we do see that to provide incremental growth opportunity. And obviously a lot of specifics we can put around that until you see us more active.
Ross Muken: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Your line is open, sir.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good morning. Chris, I want to come back to the China generics market in 2Q specifically. Are you seeing sequential growth in that part of the business? Was it ahead of plan? And kind of what are you embedding for the second half outlook? And sort of do you feel like kind of the worst is behind you there at this point?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, I think I’d probably stop short of saying the worst is behind us. I think it’s just generally a cautious environment. But we definitely saw better dynamic in Q2 than Q1. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we saw growth in both small and large molecule applications within China. In the case of large mol, that’s been a consistent trend for some time reflecting the underlying innovation that’s going on in the biomolecule space. And in small molecule we’re weighted towards generics there and we did see some of our customers kind of perk up during the quarter. And those that are feeling confident in these bidding processes are looking to spend their capital budgets over the course of the year. So, yes, we did see sequential improvement on the generics side. But until we gain more clarity on how everything plays out, we’re making sure we had relatively moderate type expectations.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. I’d love to get your perspective on how you think the order book is kind of building for some of the newer products, like BioAccord, Cyclic and the new SYNAPT system, how the order funnels are building the areas of most interest and what you think the impact might be to instrument revenues from some of those new systems in the back half?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, we’re definitely focused a lot on that. And I’d also want to mention the two new tandem quad launches that we announced yesterday, which really delighted our field organization to improve our core kind of midrange tandem quad line with Xevo TQ-S cronos and the Xevo TQ-S micro refresh. So when we look at that, we do have an expectation for improving mass spec performance in the back half of the year. In terms of the order book activities, since ASMS we’ve been out with the high end, high resolution systems and as I mentioned we’ve received some orders already for both Cyclic as well as SYNAPT XS even though those are back half launches, if you will. And BioAccord because it’s really a new to market technology targeting an emerging space, it’s more of a market development activity and we’ve been really focused on a tremendous amount of demonstration type activity working with customers to evolve their own – support their own budgetary processes to free up money within the year and to develop that overall lead opportunity and quoting pipeline. And we monitor and manage those statistics rigorously and are pleased with that, and so we do expect to see a more visible impact on BioAccord in the back half of the year and really something that as I said in the prepared remarks is really a multiyear phenomenon. So, again, I don’t want to put specific numbers on any one of those categories or the portfolio overall other than to say in our efforts to really get the instrument line moving, these product launches are critical and we’re excited about them.
Brandon Couillard: Super. Thanks.
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel of Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: All right. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I want to start by talking about chemistry and then I want to come back and talk about the revised growth outlook for the year. So starting on chemistry, just to unpack results in the second quarter and the outlook from here, you’ve generated better than corporate average growth this quarter. But the last couple of quarters have been a bit below historical trend. You’ve called out timing headwinds in the first quarter that were supposed to benefit Q2. Did these tailwinds materialize in the quarter? And can you comment generally on recurring revenue growth? Is the slight deceleration in the first half just due to weaker installed base growth over the past few quarters? And if so, is the expectation that over time as instrument placements improve that chemistry and broader recurring will improve?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, thanks, Doug, and good morning. On the chemistry line and unpacking that a little bit, there was in our portfolio strength on the chemistry side in the biopharm area and pharmaceuticals evolved really at historic-type level with some softness on the industrial side given the overall end market dynamics there. Chemistry sales in part move with installed base and in part move with overall volume of testing activity. And so the extent a segment like industrial is a little bit soft, you’re going to see some effect to that on chemistries. And so really what I’d say is a little bit of a tale of two cities on positive chemistry results on the pharma side and slightly below normal on the industrial side. In terms of the overall recurring revenues as well as service, we continue to sell a wide range of service programs into the market and to some degree it does reflect underlying instrument activity. But sometimes we also see dynamics in certain product lines where there’s been slower instrument growth take on a little bit more of a service burden and so we get some benefit from that. So overall, we expect to see continued solid recurring revenue growth over the course of the rest of the year. And certainly as instrument growth picks up with our new product cycle, we think there’s opportunity in both those lines.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thank you for that, Chris. And on the growth outlook, just to go back to this at least one more time. It seems like the key driver to the full year of growth guidance reduction and I think your words were first half results coming up a little bit light and then a change in the industrial outlook. If I’m doing the math right, it seems like it has to be largely the latter because mathematically if we adjust for how Q2 came together, it still seems like you’re essentially cutting the second half growth expectations by almost 100 basis points. So with that in mind, I would have thought your expectations on industrial were already pretty muted at this point. So could you first quantify exactly what the changes in industrial expectations, confirm that there isn’t another dynamic here because mathematically it suggest something else is possibly going on here? And I guess lastly, TA was flat year-over-year against a really tough comp overall in instruments. I’m just wondering if you still expect TA to grow at least low single digits in the second half of the year or even coming off of a tough comp and a strong quarter, relatively speaking is this a bit optimistic given your comments on industrial in Europe? Thank you.
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks, Doug. I guess the way I would describe maybe the difference between what we expected and what we saw in Q2, which plays through to the rest of the year, certainly we were very pleased with the U.S., we’re very pleased with pharma, we were pleased to see China come back a bit. Really Europe was probably the main swing factor there that probably put us in the lower part of the range versus the middle or upper part of the range and Europe, as I mentioned, is primarily an industrial headwind there because we did see better pharmaceutical performance in Europe in the quarter. And so I think it’s fair to say that if there’s any kind of conservatism built into our overall second half outlook, it’s really around the challenging European environment, particularly in the industrial category. That’s really where we saw the difference in terms of our own expectations in the quarter and obviously play that through for the rest of the year. But that being said, we’re really looking to pharma on the U.S. to lead the way and a more balanced outlook on China. To answer your TA question, you’re right. TA kind of came back from negative to flat on tough comps and we do expect some modest continuing progress on the TA side and certainly something in the low-single digits for the second half is what we’re looking at. TA product line is great. The team is very focused doing a good job. And yes, some of those markets are challenging but there’s also some bright spots within the TA portfolio. The U.S. was actually quite strong in TA. And decent in China, in Japan with pressure in Europe and some other parts of Asia. And interestingly enough, we do sell some products in TA into the pharma sector, particularly in the microcalorimetry line for sort of biomolecule characterization and that pharma business for TA is doing really well. Anyway, maybe I’ll leave it at that.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thank you.
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Brennan of UBS. Your line is open.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thanks for the questions. Chris, not to belabor, but I was hoping to go back to China one more time, if you don’t mind. Could you just flush out and just remind us specifically how large is your China generics and China food business, specifically what did they grow in the quarter, if you could share that? And then, well, I can appreciate the visibility is limited given the government hasn’t really enacted the next step on the generics presumably. You’re in a better position than we are to kind of assess kind of what’s a reasonable kind of rate of outlook for growth for your businesses and I think it’s important for us to get some sense on what the potential parameters around that business growing going forward as these programs rollout. So if you can help us with that that would be terrific?
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Let me see if I can add some incremental thoughts there, Dan. Thank you. As it relates to kind of mix where you started on generics and food, just some broad parameters. Small mol versus last mol in China last year was in the sort of 80-20 range; 80 small, 20 large. And if you look at our overall mix of generics, it’s higher in China than it is around the world. Globally, generics is maybe 30% of pharma and you can call it a little bit more than that in China, so China is more weighted there. On the food side, food testing not including environment, it’s about 15% of our China business which again is a little bit over indexed compared to the overall global mix. And we still see in the backdrop of China a robust pharma environment. Clearly 4+7 was a shock to the system in the first quarter. And like I mentioned earlier, we’ve gained some incremental insights just on what happened in that first wave around the 25 drugs that actually went through versus the 31 targeted with Phase 2 and coming probably in the fall timeframe, but maybe a different dynamic as the market broadens to multiple winners. We also know that expectations on hospitals and other purchasers of these drugs is for a majority of the listed drugs to come from winning bidders, but not all of them. So there is some belief in the marketplace that there’s still room for a number of players. And as this program expands over the next two to three years that there will be room to play for a variety of different types of companies, and because of that we did see some back-to-business attitude in the part of our customers. Because there is some continued uncertainty there, we haven’t assumed a spring back to what I call a normal pharma purchasing environment this year, but hopefully we’ll gain continued visibility of that over the course of the year. So I think our outlook in China of kind of that balanced and somewhat cautious view is appropriate and continuing to look at the type of trends that we saw in the second quarter.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thanks, Chris, for that. And then just back to the small mol with U.S. and Europe, so can you just give us some flavor specifically like how your businesses did for pharma in U.S. and Europe? I think you might have said that already, but maybe just clarify that? And then secondly is whatever concerns that were there on the first quarter for this small mol-related spending slowdown, are those removed and it was just normal budget timing or are there any lingering issues to point to related to small molecule? Thank you.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. Thanks, Dan. As I mentioned, we did see better tone in the market in small mol in Q2 than Q1. In Q1 we’ve seen this pattern in previous years which is kind of a wait and see caution kind of attitude in the earlier parts of the year, particularly among our larger customers. But like I said, we saw our larger customers really come back and actually have about as good of a quarter as they’ve had in a while. In terms of the European and the U.S. kind of overall pharma growth in the quarter, it was in that solid mid-single digit range. And so we were encouraged by that. And like I said earlier encouraged at our overall pharma business was operating in the quarter at historical kind of rolling trend rates. And so we think that stability is something we expect for the second half of the year.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thank you, Chris.
Bryan Brokmeier: We have time for about one more question, operator.
Operator: And that question comes from Sung Ji Nam of BTIG. Your line is open.
Sung Ji Nam: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple of quick ones, one on China again. For the academic, government segment there, some of your peers are seeing some strong growth. And so curious as to – I’m just trying to reconcile what maybe your product mix there? Is it largely food testing environmental versus biomedical research, if you could provide some color on that?
Christopher O’Connell: Sure, no problem. Thanks, Sung Ji. In China, there’s a pretty wide range of activity in government and academic categories and so mix really matters there. When you look at our academic and government sector, we have a really strong concentration in the food safety testing which as we’ve commented for a few quarters now has been very, very soft. We made up for that a little bit through the independent testing labs, but the government and academic part of that has been overall weak. And there is a lot of reorganization going on in the government right now that has worked its way through the national level and now working into the provisional and city level. And so we are cautious about the overall government market and the academic market which is sometimes related to that. So, it can be pretty lumpy as well though. So I think we’re not drawing any real conclusions based on what we’ve seen this year so far, particularly with our mix and other parts of government and academic beside food. But at this point it’s something that held us back in the quarter.
Sung Ji Nam: Great. And then just – it sounds like you’re seeing some decent momentum for the newly launched products this year. Wondering if I might be able to extract some more color based on kind of the quoting activity, the early market development activities as well as customer feedback in terms of how the order growth is kind of trending? Is it pretty much in line with your expectations ahead of launch or I’m just trying to figure out – I don’t know if it’s too early to tell, but maybe is there some better than expected outlook for some of the newly launched products?
Christopher O’Connell: It’s a good question. You never know the exact timing of how the order book builds per se, but all the leading indicators for that are something we’re putting quite a bit of effort into understanding in more detail. We’ve build a sales operations function that is more closely linking the commercialization activities to all the different activities in the field and giving us the data points we need to gain comfort that we’re moving in the right direction. But it starts all the way back with customer introduction with the demoing process for which we’re doing some new things this year, and then translating into an overall lead and opportunity which is a highly qualified lead book and then into quoting activity and all those trends seem to be moving in the right direction. We’re thrilled that we have some orders already for the SYNAPT and the Cyclic systems, the BioAccord pipeline is strong and to throw on top of that yesterday we launched the new tandem quad which is exciting for our field organization. Anyway I don’t want to put too much specificity on forecasting orders or sales other than to say the overall portfolio effect is something that we really believe is going to help us in the back half of the year. So it’s really an outcome of all the good work we’ve been doing in R&D. So, anyway I know we’re out of time and sorry we couldn’t get to more questions, but really enjoyed the questions and look forward to further discussions with all of you. In conclusion, we are focused on delivering a stronger second half of 2019 headlined by continued pharmaceutical strength, improving stability in key geographic markets and the increasing impact of our exciting new product cycle. Furthermore, we remain confident in the long-term health of our end markets, our very strong competitive position within our priority categories, our focused growth strategies and our talented people around the world. So on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q3 2019 call, which we currently anticipate holding on October 29, 2019. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. You may now disconnect at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference call begins. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone have objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the second quarter and full-year 2019. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 30, 2019. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the mostly directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release. Unless stated otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. In addition, unless stated otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris O'Connell, Waters' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Bryan. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier, joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, I will provide an overview of our first quarter operating results as well as some broader commentary on our markets and business. Sherry will then review our financial results in detail and provide comments on our second quarter and full-year 2019 financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. Sales in the first quarter fell well short of our expectations. Total revenue was flat, which drove adjusted earnings per share growth of 1%. This result was unexpected given the momentum we saw in Q4 of 2018 and reflected greater-than-expected macro impacts in China and Europe as well as a slow release of budgets by key pharmaceutical and industrial customers. To give you a bit more color on the first quarter's challenges, I'd like to comment on the three factors that constituted the majority of our shortfall against our expectations: China, Europe, and TA Instruments. Starting with China, I'd like to first give some important context for our business in that country. China is 18% of our global business and has reliably delivered strong double-digit growth for an extended period of time. Our business mix in China is unique within our global portfolio, as well as the industry, with pharma representing approximately 50% of our revenue and food testing representing over 15%. In the first quarter, our business in China declined 4%, which was primarily the result of the ongoing restructure of the government's food safety infrastructure, as well as the 4+7 policy impacting our generic pharmaceutical customers' capital purchasing. While we were aware of the policy changes referenced, we had not seen an adverse impact from them in 2018 and their Q1 2019 impact was more pronounced than we expected. On the positive side, Chinese customer utilization remains strong and we expect end-market improvement throughout the year and a return to growth. Furthermore, we continue to view China as a sustainable growth driver for the company and remain confident in our strong market position. The government reforms that I mentioned are intended to strengthen economic growth as China transforms from a manufacturing export economy into a local innovation economy where the food and pharmaceutical industries will be key beneficiaries. As such, we expect to benefit from these reforms even if we experience short-term volatility during these implementation phases. Turning to Europe, our business declined 5% in the quarter as customers were cautious in their Q1 purchasing decisions amid uncertainty with macroeconomic conditions, including the ongoing Brexit political stalemate. This caution negatively impacted capital spending decisions by our largest pharma and industrial customers, particularly in Western Europe. On a positive note, our academic and governmental category in Europe saw continued strength. Despite the Q1 capital purchasing dynamics, our pharmaceutical demo and quoting activity are strong, which indicate that demand in our European pharmaceutical business should improve over the course of the year. Third, our TA product line experienced a soft start to the year with sales down 8% in the quarter compared to the first quarter of 2018. TA's purchasing weakness was seen across most geographies and product categories, but most notably felt in Europe due largely to the macroeconomic headwinds I referenced earlier. Despite the slow start to 2019, we anticipate that TA will return to growth as customers’ budgets are released over the course of the year and we are confident in our strong global TA team. Additionally, we expect to continue to benefit from our robust TA product position as we are relatively early in the broader commercialization cycle of our Discovery line of thermal analyzers and growing line of accessories. Turning briefly to a few high level comments on the income statement, our modest earnings-per-share growth reflected the lower-than-anticipated first quarter sales. We were pleased with our disciplined operating expense control, while continuing to invest in our key growth initiatives. Notably, our cash flow conversion remained at historically high levels, evidencing our robust business model and supporting our capital deployment plans. Taking a closer look at the business, starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level, sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category were flat in the quarter. Demand from customers in large molecule applications and biomedical research was strong, offset by slower-than-expected budget releases by our largest pharmaceutical customers as well as by generic manufacturers in China and the US. We continue to feel good about our strong positioning in targeted LC-MS and biopharmaceutical analytical solutions, as well as the durability of our franchise in small molecule testing. Additionally, we are encouraged by our return to growth in India as the generic pharmaceutical customer base showed improving sentiment. Sales to our worldwide industrial category, which includes the material science, food and environmental markets, declined 2% during the quarter. This decline was most notable in the material science and food markets, reflecting the previously described macro conditions in China and Europe. Despite softer-than-expected growth during the quarter, we remain confident in our industrial product positions and pipeline as well as the breadth of opportunities across material science, food safety, and environmental applications. Looking at our academic and governmental category, sales grew 4% in the first quarter with strong growth in the US and Europe, partially offset by the earlier-described weakness in the China food sector. Our recent success in this category reflects the continuing healthy pace of global innovation, particularly in pharmaceutical discovery. Next, I will review our sales performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia, our largest region in terms of growth – in terms of revenue, excuse me, grew 2% in the first quarter as our aforementioned weakness in China offset solid growth in India, Japan, and Korea. We are encouraged by the mid-single digit Q1 growth in India and remain cautiously optimistic about improving trends. Turning to the Americas, overall sales were flat in the quarter, while sales in the US grew 2%. Solid growth in both our US industrial and academic and governmental categories offset softness in pharma, which was largely due to slower-than-expected release of capital budgets by our largest customers. Despite the slower start in the quarter, we believe the US pharmaceutical environment remains healthy and we've seen this Q1 dynamic before. In Europe, sales were down 5% in the quarter, in particular, the industrial category was a drag on the region, while academic and governmental demand remained robust. Within pharma, we saw strength in large molecule applications, offset by weaker demand in small molecule applications in our large pharma customers. Finally, I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters branded instrument sales were down 4% in the first quarter as a result of the previously mentioned headwinds in China and Europe. LC reflected the aforementioned weakness in generic demand in China and the slower budget releases in the US and Europe, partially offset by encouraging strength of our LC business in India. We remain confident in our global LC franchise which is characterized by instrument and chemistry leadership, a strong installed base and the industry standard chromatography data system. Looking to mass spectrometry, our business in Q1 faced modest pressure, but we are seeing improved demand for our high-resolution mass spec portfolio. Additionally, we are pleased with the BioAccord launch process and early market development activity. This simple, robust, fit-for-purpose, LC-MS solution is the first mover in a new biopharmaceutical category that will change the way customers characterize and monitor large molecule therapeutics. Since our launch in January, we've seen a high level of interest from both existing and new customers. Systems have been shipped and we are building a robust demo and quoting pipeline. I look forward to updating you further on BioAccord as we progress through the year. Waters branded recurring revenues, which reflect the combination of service and precision chemistries, grew 4% in the quarter. Recurring revenues were driven by the stability of our large and established installed base of instruments, as well as the global strength in our service plans, ACQUITY UPLC columns, bioseparation columns and chemistry application kits. Turning to our TA product line, we experienced a slow start to 2019 across most geographies and product categories, particularly in Europe due to a very slow Q1 budget release. Earlier this year at Pittcon, we introduced a number of new TA products, including the Discovery Thermal Mechanical Analyzer TMA 450, which is setting a new industry standard by providing information about a materials coefficient of linear thermal expansion, shrinkage, softening and glass transition temperatures. Returning to the big picture, we remain steadfastly focused on executing against our five-point value creation model. As we consistently communicate, we aim to create shareholder value by first holding this leading position – specialty position in structurally attractive markets; number two, executing a focused growth strategy driven by organic innovation; third, seeking opportunities for continuous operational improvement in innovation, channel and operations; fourth, maintaining capital discipline as we shift from being a capital accumulator to a capital deployer; and fifth, operating with a performance-oriented culture and management team. I would like to thank everyone who attended our biennial Investor Day held in February. For those who were not able to attend, I'd like to highlight three key takeaways from that meeting. First, Waters has a very unique global franchise defined by our specialty positioning. Second, the increased investment and product development progress that we've made in the past few years now places us squarely in front of an exciting multiyear product cycle. And third, US tax reform enabled a paradigm shift for Waters in giving us access to our significant global cash flow and, therefore, we will deploy more capital more assertively to growth initiatives, achieve a more optimal capital structure and return more capital to shareholders. Furthermore, during the meeting, we introduced a couple of additional members of our management team which reinforced the confidence I have in the great depth and quality of our leadership and talent pipeline. In summary, sales in the first quarter fell well short of our expectations. This result was unexpected, given the momentum we saw in Q4 of 2018 and reflected greater-than-expected macro impacts in China and Europe, as well as the slow release of budgets by key pharmaceutical and industrial customers. For context, Q1 is traditionally our smallest quarter and not necessarily predictive of how the year will shape up. As such, while our guidance now reflects a more cautious view of the macroenvironment, we do expect improving growth over the course of 2019. We remain confident in our strong market position, underlying customer activity and the contribution of new product introductions across our portfolio already underway and planned for 2019. Longer-term, our key growth drivers remain intact, including a global pharmaceutical demand, strength in our Asian markets, and an overall robust business model that includes consistent and highly-profitable recurring revenues. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Sherry for a deeper review of our first quarter financials. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, we recorded net sales of $514 million, which is flat against the prior-year in constant currency. Currency translation decreased sales growth by approximately 3%, resulting in a 3% decline as reported. During the quarter, sales into our pharmaceutical markets were flat. Our industrial category declined 2% and sales into our academic and governmental category grew 4%.  Looking at product line growth, our recurring revenue, which represents the combination of service and precision chemistries, grew 4% in the quarter, while instrument sales declined 6%. As we noted on our last earnings call, recurring sales during the first quarter of 2019 were impacted by one less calendar day in the quarter, which resulted in a slight reduction in recurring revenues. Looking ahead, there's no year-over-year difference in the number of calendar days during the second or third quarters, but there is one additional calendar day in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to 2018. Breaking first quarter product sales down further, sales related to Waters branded products and services grew 1%, while sales of TA-branded products and services declined 8%. Combined, LC and LC-MS instrument platform sales declined by 4% and TA's instrument sales declined by 12%. Looking at our growth rates in the first quarter geographically and on a constant currency basis, sales in Asia were up 2% despite a 4% decline in China, while sales in the Americas were flat with 2% growth in the US and European sales were down 5%. Now, I'd like to comment on our first quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 57% compared to 58.3% in the first quarter of 2018. The lower gross margin relative to the prior-year quarter was driven by mix and lower fixed cost absorption. Moving down the first quarter P&L, operating expenses increased by approximately 2% on a constant currency basis and foreign currency translation decreased operating expense growth by approximately 4% on a reported basis. In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was about 11%, consistent with prior year. Net interest expense was $3.2 million, down about $1 million from the prior year, benefiting from reduced debt levels. Our average share count came in at 72.4 million shares, a share count reduction of approximately 9% or about 7 million shares lower than in the first quarter of last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the first quarter increased to $1.60 in comparison to $1.59 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per fully diluted share increased to $1.51 compared to $1.40 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet, I'd like to summarize our first quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the first quarter of 2019, free cash flow came in at $158 million after funding $16 million [ph] of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow was $7 million related to the investment in our Taunton precision chemistry operation. In the first quarter, this resulted in $0.31 as each dollar sales converted into free cash flow.  Now, I'd like to provide an update on our first quarter activities related to capital deployment, which we categorize into three areas – investing for growth, balance sheet strength and flexibility, and the return of capital to shareholders. During the quarter, R&D grew 4% on a constant currency basis. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, we repurchased 3.3 million shares of our common stock for $745 million in the first quarter. These capital allocation activities, along with our free cash flow, resulted in cash and short-term investments of $1.2 billion and debt of $1.2 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter, resulting in a roughly net neutral cash position. Looking ahead, we remain committed to deploying capital against these three priorities and continue working towards a near-term capital structure of up to 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA ratio. Our current plans are to repurchase approximately $600 million in shares during the second quarter, and consistent with our previous communications, about $2.5 million for the full year. These assumptions are reflected in our 2019 guidance. We will evaluate our share repurchase plans over the course of the year and provide quarterly updates. Turning to working capital, accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 88 days this quarter, up slightly compared to the first quarter of last year due to the timing of sales and currency translation. In the quarter, inventories increased by $33 million in comparison to the prior-year quarter, which reflects some anticipated inventory build due to Brexit-related contingency planning and lower-than-expected sales in the quarter. As we look forward to the balance of the year, I'd like to comment on our full-year 2019 guidance. While we are confident in our market position and new product pipeline, we are tempering this with appropriate caution due to the factors that affected the first quarter. As a result, we are reducing our full-year 2019 guidance for constant currency sales growth to a range of 2% to 4% from our prior guidance range of 4% to 6%. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to decrease 2019 sales growth by 1 to 2 percentage points. Gross margin guidance for the full year is 58.5% to 59% from our prior guidance of approximately 59%. Our other key assumptions for full-year guidance are unchanged. Operating expense growth at a rate that is below our sales growth rate, net interest expense of $30 million to $35 million, full-year effective tax rate of 14% to 15%. We anticipate that better-than-expected tax rate in the first quarter will be offset by higher rates of the remaining quarters of the year. And lastly, an average diluted share count 68.5 to 69 million shares outstanding. Rolling all of this together, and on a non-GAAP basis, full-year 2019 earnings per fully diluted share are now projected in the range of $9.05 to $9.25, a decrease from our prior range of $9.20 to $9.45. At current rates, the negative currency impact on full-year earnings per share growth is expected to be 1 to 2 percentage points. Looking at the second quarter of 2019, we expect 2% to 4% constant currency sales growth. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to decrease second quarter sales growth by 1 to 2 percentage points. Combining these top line factors with a moderate increase in expenses, we estimate second quarter non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share in the range of $2.05 to $2.15. At current rates, the negative currency impact on second-quarter earnings per share growth is expected to be 1 to 2 percentage points. Now, I'd like to turn the call back to Chris for some summary comments. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thank you, Sherry. As we move through 2019, we will stay focused on our innovation strategy and commercial execution across the business. As I stated before, we did not meet our expectations in the first quarter. We understand the causes and are focused on delivering improved growth over the course of the year.  With that, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not always able to get to everyone's questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please contact the Waters investor relations team after the call. Operator?
Operator: Yes. The first question in the queue is from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken: Good morning, guys. I'd love to dig a little bit more into the China side of things. I know you called out the generic piece. Obviously, we know about the major restructuring there. I guess, as you get a sense on timing, how long do you think that will take to kind of unwind itself? And then, relative to the food side as well, one of your key competitors there has talked about sort of disruption for the better part of the last several quarters. You had sort of held in better and now, obviously, you saw a bit of weakness. I guess, how are you thinking about also a bit of unwind in that, given sort of the long-term trend still should be pretty favorable in that business?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Thanks, Ross. Appreciate the question. And I agree with your last comment there that the long-term trend in both the food and the pharma businesses is structurally attractive. And we certainly have seen a gyration in these markets in the past. Although, as you know, China has been a very, very steady contributor to Waters. In fact, nine of the last 10 years here at Waters, China has been a double-digit grower. In terms of the unwind of those two factors, starting with the food side, as you recall from other market activity, the restructuring of the food government processes is something that really began in the earlier part of last year and had about a one-year lifecycle. During the course of 2018, we saw a relatively stable demand because a lot of the capital purchases on the food side that had been committed at the beginning of the year, we saw mostly hold through the year. And so, this particular initiative didn't really affect us that much in 2018, but clearly affected us in the first quarter. We do see the evolution of that process maturing in the first through second quarter here. We do expect some ongoing caution but, over time, that's the really important priority for the Chinese government to invest in food safety testing. And as you pointed out, it's a market that we all expect to return to growth. From the standpoint of the pharma situation, with the 4+7 initiative, which is really a centralized bulk purchasing pilot process, we have seen early in this year some meaningful hold on capital spending. But I will point out that underlying activity remains reasonably robust. We actually had a strong growth in chemistry during the quarter that reflects the underlying testing activity among pharma and generic pharma type of companies that are, in particular, affected by the 4+7 policy. So, all in all, these macro factors definitely hit us harder than we expected. And as a result of that, we have lowered expectations as reflected in our guidance. But we do expect that to moderate over the course of the year, expect modest improvement and a return to growth, albeit more modest growth in China than we're typically accustomed to in this fiscal year. But, certainly, I have a lot of faith in the strength of our team and our market share position that has been always a source of strength and we expect we will continue to be so looking forward.
Ross Muken: And then, maybe just in terms of like the execution cadence, looking at kind of Q4 now, though in Q1, it was obviously a pretty substantial outperformance at some businesses. TA had huge sequential uptick in Q4 from Q3. And then, obviously, we saw a downtick in Q1 and a bit of that also on the Waters Instrument business. I guess, as you just think about sort of whether we had any pull forwards or just how is the sort of seasonality of the business is shifting over time, I guess two years in a row, we've had this kind of strong Q4, weak Q1 dynamic. It's happened before in the past for Waters. But, I guess, how much of that is sort of in your control and how much is out of your control? How much – when you saw the numbers, as you looked at it, did you sort of stare at it and say, wow, this happened to us again, how much can we control. I'm just trying to get a sense of what's in your hands versus what's out of your hands a bit and how this business is kind of performing on at least a sequential basis?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, thanks. Fair question. And certainly, as you pointed out, we saw a lot of strength across the board in Q4. And, frankly, based on that confidence and an assumption of more stable market conditions heading into the year, we had kind of a normal outlook for the first quarter. And we did see the downtick. As you point out, the seasonality effect in this pattern of a slow start to the quarter, in particular, as it relates to the release of budget by pharma companies and industrial companies is something we've seen. And in the example of last year and even in 2017, we saw strength at the end of the year. And so, at this point, as we look out over the course of the year, we certainly expect that the budget release cycle will lighten up and we'll get the benefit of expected planned customer spending, particularly in pharmaceuticals and in major industrial customers.  And, I guess, the other major controllable from our standpoint is just the great progress we're making in product development and the increasing impact we expect from the product launches that we have new in the market and that are coming over the course of the year. On the Waters side, that is headlined by the BioAccord launch which, as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, is going well in its early stages from the standpoint of training and demoing and market development. And then, there's a lot more coming on the Waters side, including new entrants in the high-resolution mass spec technology category, more LC technology, and more MS technology as well. And on the TA side, we're really in a sweet spot relative to the product cycle on thermal. We have more technology coming on rheology and we have a wave of accessorization, which often is a great complement to the core instrument development. So, I think we feel about as good as we can possibly feel about where we sit in front of the product cycle still. And, certainly, the macro effects of Q1 are disappointing and were unexpected, but they do not diminish in any way our enthusiasm for what's happening on the innovation side here.
Ross Muken: Thanks, Chris. Appreciate the color. 
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Next question is from Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, good morning. I want to start with a high level, but I think a really important question. For many years, you guys have been running what was the premium growth name in the tools group. Waters consistently delivered above peer group growth. But in the last 18 months, Waters has delivered below peer group growth and management – your ability to forecast has not been as solid as it was in the previous few years. But what's your diagnosis for this at this point and what's being done to remedy this? Because, yes, it was a disappointing quarter, but beyond that – this isn't the first quarter where we've been disappointed at the top line over the last 18 months. So, I'm just wondering what you're doing to improve visibility and what your diagnosis is of what's been below peer growth over the last several quarters?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, Doug. Thanks for the question. Appreciate it. I think stepping back and looking at the big picture, this is a great franchise. Waters is a very well-established and a very durable business. And really, a lot of the factors we've seen in a couple of individual quarters, of course, including Q1, are very unique to the particular mix of our business. The China business, for example, is 18% of our worldwide revenue. And as you know, the mix within China is uniquely focused on pharma, with an over-index on generic pharma and food. And so, some of the macro effects, given that we're a more specialty oriented company, certainly, have the potential to hit us in a unique way. Relative to product cycle, I think that's been a big area of focus for me personally. It's really my number one area of focus. And there are some aspects of the portfolio that we weren't where we needed to be. And we've invested a lot and worked hard in product development to shore that up. And as I mentioned in the previous question, we're excited about what's ahead relative to the product cycle. So, we really feel like, in that way, we control our destiny and there are better things to come as that product cycle matures. And, obviously, we're doing all we can to gain visibility into some of these end market macro factors to improve the forecasting, to make sure that we can see with reasonable certainty what's ahead. But like I said, Q1 was an outlier for us. It was something that, coming off the end of the year last year, was not something we expected to see. And so, we're just reacting to the changing environment and making sure that we stay very, very focused on delivering on our product pipeline and delivering on our sales execution. And as I sort of alluded to before, yes, Q1 was soft, but it's certainly not deterred that focus or the conviction in the great opportunities that lie ahead for Waters.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thanks for that, Chris. And maybe just more of a near-term timing question, recognizing you've walked through what happened in the quarter a couple of times here, just to go back to the point you made about some of this being a function of delays in the release of capital budgets at biopharma and industrial customers, it doesn't seem like your Q2 guidance treats these delays and the release of capital budgets as a transitory issue where you recover some of that lost Q1 revenue in Q2 just because of timing. Is that right? And if so, why? Essentially, what I'm trying to get at is, if this was a transitory issue, whether or not you've seen a recapture of at least some of that revenue three weeks into the second quarter?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Certainly, Doug, we don't give updates on a weekly or a monthly basis. But I would just say that the philosophy on the Q2 guide is that we don't expect all the factors that affected us in Q1 to just bring back – right as we get into April that these budget release cycle dynamics can take time to play out, that the macroenvironment which we're watching closely and studying and learning more about again doesn't just spring back in one quarter. So, I think the Q2 guide really reflects that moderated outlook that we've made for the rest of the year. And, obviously, it's our job to do the very best to deliver the most we can within that.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. All right. Thanks again.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Next question is from Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. I want to start with capital deployment and maybe following up on Doug's question earlier about some of the volatility you've seen. As you talked about, you repurchased 3.2 million shares during the quarter. Can you just talk to the thought process here given the underlying volatility, maybe the lack of visibility, why is this the right time to be buying back stock, why not wait till business stabilizes a bit?  And then, can you also talk to the degree – with the tempered outlook, if you're considering any cost actions?
Sherry Buck: Hi. I'll start off on this question. As far as our capital deployment, maybe just to put some context around it, it's really going back to our strategy around our capital structure after tax reform where we had access to all of our global cash. And so, from a capital structure standpoint, we are working towards 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio. And during the first quarter, we deployed about $750 million and our guide for Q2 is about $600 million. And as we look at this, we look at our capital deployment opportunities in three buckets –investing in the business and our balance sheet management and then return to shareholders. And we have the capacity and flexibility to return capital to shareholders, while still investing in our business at the appropriate levels and for other opportunities that may come along. So, despite the weaker Q1, we are committed to continuing on our capital allocation path. But I think the other question you had, Tycho, was around our operating expenses. I think as you look at Waters, we have been very disciplined historically around managing our expenses. But, again, this is a point in the quarter and we will still continue to invest in R&D and other critical areas of growth for us and balance our different capital allocation levers. But during the quarter, we were also maintaining costs and will continue to do that as we manage through the year.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then, one for Chris. You touched on a number of the pharma components. I'm just curious if you can disaggregate how much of the softness was the China generic impact versus kind of the global pharma budget release dynamic. And to be clear, can you just clarify what your expectations are for pharma for the remainder of the year? Do you expect them to get back to kind of low-single digit or mid-single digit growth?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. I think our confidence in the pharma business for the year is still positive and we expect to work our way back into what might be more traditionally normal type growth rates over the course of the year. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the biopharma business was strong in the quarter and that continued the pattern that we've been seeing. We've been executing well in biopharma and we continue to benefit from all the innovation in that space. And, obviously, we've made incremental investments in that space ourselves. The hit in the quarter on pharma was really around the small molecule business. Generics is an important part of that. We're a leader in LC-based testing for QA/QC. As you know, the vast majority of our pharma revenue is oriented to late-stage development in QA/QC. And so, when a sector like generic gets hit, we tend to feel the effects. As I mentioned, China is a slightly bigger mix of generic in its pharma business than our global average. And so, we saw particular effect there. The thing that we realize in this business is that small molecule business, particularly generics business, that's where market share is the stickiest and it's where also we have sort of a good read on the ongoing activity in that installed base based on our chemistry business, which remains solid. So, I think we have confidence that capital purchasing will come back over time over the course of the year, both within China as well as within other parts of the business. Our top pharma accounts in Western Europe and in the US were soft in the first quarter based on the kind of budget release cycle, but that's something that traditionally does come back over the course of the year. So, we feel generally that the pharma trends outside of those specific situations are intact. And so, we're just staying very, very focused on taking advantage of those growth opportunities here over the course of the year.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Tycho.
Operator: Next question is from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Derik De Bruin: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. It's Mike Ryskin on for Derik. I want to follow-up on something that was brought up earlier regarding the volatility in the quarter. Just given some of the optimism and the tone in your analyst day in late February, it seems like there were a few surprises across the business. Is there anything that's changed in the underlying fundamentals of any of these markets where there is reduced visibility now versus prior levels? And then, I've got a follow-up.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. Just in terms of the volatility in the quarter and the Investor Day comment you made, our focus at the investor day was certainly on the bigger picture and the overall strategy of the company, particularly the innovation story and the strength of our management team and really that – we were clear at the meeting that those were the issues we were focusing on. And, certainly, as you know, our quarters tend to be back weighted. We generate approximately half of our sales in the last month of the quarter. And so, certainly, March was unexpectedly soft and some of the volatility we saw related to some of the macro and budget release factors was particularly pronounced in the month of March. And so, when we look at the overall pattern of the quarter and some of those factors, we really don't think there are fundamental underlying changes in the attractiveness of the market segments we participate in or in the strength of our franchise and we're just trying to stay very, very steady and focused to understand these unique factors to manage through them and to continue to keep our focus on our strong conviction of the growth that's ahead of us in these areas.
Derik De Bruin: Appreciate that. Thanks. That was going to be one of my follow-ups over the pacing and the progression through the quarter. One last quick one was, any change in sort of your expectations for contributions from new products over the course of the year. typically, you'd think you'd want to launch into strong or at least improving end markets. And given some of the choppiness you called out in the macro and in China, does that change your outlook at all?
Christopher O'Connell: I think the contribution for new products is definitely a hallmark of 2019. And, certainly, as we've thought about this from the very beginning, it has always been something we saw developing over the course of the year, strengthening in the back half of the year, reflecting that technology that's already in the market. New technology like BioAccord is is more of a market development game and takes time, especially with a big ticket purchase that needs to be worked through budgets. But also, we have incremental technology coming in in the second and third quarters that will also help create that effect. And so, I think our new product contribution story is still very much the way we thought it would look as we came into the year and something that gets greater and greater traction through the year and then into the future.
Derik De Bruin: All right. Thanks, Chris.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Next question is from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good morning. Chris or Sherry, I want to come back to the 2Q guide, if we can, and it'd be great if you can just elaborate on whether or not you expect Europe and China specifically to return to growth in the second quarter, especially given this is kind of the third quarter in a row now, I think, where Europe has been down. And it would also be great if you can help us with kind of what you're expecting out of Europe for the full year?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. I'll just make a quick comment and then let Sherry add to it. I think we've taken a more cautious guide outlook for sure. But with that, we do expect modest improvements in both those markets. We think Europe and China remain structurally strong; and notwithstanding some the macro headwinds, are focused on some of that underlying activity. Certainly, not forecasting it to be where we thought it would be coming into the year, but we are expecting stepping back towards growth over the course of the year. So, Sherry, I don't know if you want to say more about the guide.
Sherry Buck: Yeah. I think you covered as far as those geographies, Chris.
Christopher O'Connell: Great.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. And then, maybe for Sherry, how much of the guidance reset in terms of the organic growth for the year was TA versus Waters, specifically? And then, could you speak to exactly how orders trended in the first quarter? I know you kind of spoke qualitatively to the demo and quote activity, but would be curious if the book to bill was north of 1 actually in the first quarter?
Sherry Buck: Yeah. So, as far as our full-year guide, as we looked at the factors that impacted us in Q1 and our results, the lowering of our guide was mainly due to our overall lower volume and lower expected revenue, as well as our miss in Q1. Probably won't get as specific as breaking it down between Waters and TA. We've really looked at it kind of as our whole portfolio as we put the guidance together.  Do you want to comment on the orders, Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. I would just – we don't want to get into too much detail on the order book versus sales, but would comment that we did carry some incremental backlog into the second quarter.
Brandon Couillard: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Daniel Brennan from UBS. Your line is now open.
Daniel Brennan: Great, thank you. Chris, first question. I wanted to go back to China. Could just elaborate on the 4+7 policy, maybe its impact on your business and how long you think this change in how China is operating will persist?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Just a little bit more on the 4+7. This is something that we, in the market, became more aware of later in the year. It was really kind of an October, November, December kind of awareness of this particular pilot program for more centralized bulk purchasing of generic medicines within four major cities and seven other provincial type cities. As I sort of alluded to earlier in the call, this particular initiative did not affect our sales in 2018. We saw very typical year-end type purchasing that reflected more of a status quo type situation. Certainly, as we got in the quarter, it became more clear that even though the underlying utilization of the installed base was there, as I spoke of earlier, we had strong chemistry sales in China in the quarter that capital purchasing was being put on hold, much like many of the capital investments that the companies affected by this particular initiative were experiencing. So, I think we don't have perfect visibility into how quickly we can recoup some of that capital investment. And that's why we've moderated our guidance for the quarter and for the year. As I've alluded to earlier, we have a really strong market position and a really strong team in China that's consistently delivered in a variety of operating environments. And so, while we have lowered our expectations, we do expect some modest improvements over the course of the year.
Daniel Brennan: Great. And then, maybe kind of more of a big picture question. I know your weaker trends in biopharma comparing against stronger results in some of your peers. Obviously, you have a different mix of business. But can you just speak to the strategy, part of your five-point strategy being like a leader in your strategically focused, but narrower markets. Is that opening up Waters to any share loss towards larger players that could use maybe their breadth to bundle and kind of how you think about that in terms of your strategy towards investment and cap deployment? Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. In terms of the question of focus versus breadth, I think we have a high level of conviction in our focused, specialty-oriented strategy. And we don't really see any evidence that we have difficulty competing based on a more limited product line. We think that Waters is better served with a focus on depth of application expertise in more narrowly focused areas within biopharma and small molecule pharmaceuticals, as we talked in depth at the Investor Day. We've made significant investments in the biopharm side of the business over time and we've actually gained share steadily over the last 10 or 15 years, and I'd reference you to those charts that we presented at our Investor Day. Of course, on the small molecule side, which is the one that experienced the volatility in the quarter, because, certainly, on the large molecule side, we had another strong quarter, on the small molecule side, we think that those factors are little more specific in nature related to the macro factors that we outlined. And looking at our market share data, particularly in LC, we see a very strong and stable and sticky market share position. And I think as everyone knows, certainly, one quarter, that type of situation doesn't move around a lot. So, we're confident that the effect we saw on the small mol business in particular in Q1 are really related to these market factors. And we're just very, very focused on continuing to invest in our technology position and our application science to be the very best company in the specialty manner that we set out to be.
Daniel Brennan: Great, thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Next question is from Sung Ji Nam from BTIG. Your line is now open.
Sung Ji Nam: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just a two-part question on your Waters instruments. So, for BioAccord, you talked about strong early market development activity. Would you be able to speak kind of where you're seeing that? Is that global or is that in a certain geographic region? And then, secondly, would you be able to break out kind of what your outlook is for Waters instrument growth this year and how much of that is contingent on new product sales or the new product cycle versus the existing portfolio benefiting from improving end market outlook? Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Thanks, Sung Ji. Yeah. So, the BioAccord launch has been really exciting. We officially launched the product at the well-characterized biopharmaceutical conference. And really, a lot of the early activity we saw was in some of the developed markets, US and Western Europe, in particular. But one of the things that happened more mid-quarter was we had a significant launch in China. And literally hundreds of customers attend a really robust and kind of high-energy launch event that led to a variety of customer relationship developments and getting people into demo type situations. I use the word market development because this is really a new category for regulated laboratories for high-resolution mass spectrometry in a compliant package to really lead us into method process development and, ultimately, QA/QC for large molecules in the MAM space. And that's, obviously, kind of a new direction for the market. We continue to do all the right things to develop that market. We, obviously, have taken orders and shipped some units, although we never really expected to do all that much of that in the earlier part of the year. And so, I'm really looking at metrics around MQLs or marketing qualified leads as well as that demoing activity. Another key aspect of our launch readiness is to forward place the BioAccord system in our own demonstration labs at an accelerated pace compared to what we've done historically with other systems. And that's been really effective because it's brought many more customers into the demo phase which can ultimately accelerate quoting and ordering. And so, it's all systems go. And we continue to press on that opportunity. And by the way, we've always thought, along with the launch, it creates an opportunity for our sales folks to have a broader conversation about Waters and the collateral positive impacts of having new technology and how that affects the rest of our product line. Interestingly enough, it's had a positive effect on our overall high-resolution mass spectrometry portfolio. So, anyway, that's just one platform and, certainly, there are others coming. And as you allude to, something that will have a positive effect on our instrument performance over the course of the year are those new product launches. So, I don't want to get into too many specifics around the exact dollar amount or percentage increment that we expect from new products over the course the year, but we do expect that contribution to strengthen over the course of 2019.
Sung Ji Nam: Great, thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi. Good morning. Two questions for you. First, Chris, you've talked quite a bit about end markets and geographies. I was wondering if you could – if you had any thoughts as it relates to share and if you've seen any impact on your share in addition to impact from the markets? Do you think you're gaining or potentially losing any more share than maybe you have been over the last several quarters? And then, just following up on some other questions, can you explain to me again what gets better in the second quarter versus the first quarter? Obviously, you're going against a little bit more difficult comps in 2Q, but it sounds like the pressures in China and in Europe are expected to largely continue. So, I'm trying to still figure out what exactly gets you to the 2% to 4% organic growth versus the flat here in the first quarter? Thank you so much.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, Steve. Thanks. From the standpoint of market share on the first part of your question, as I've sort of alluded to before, when you break it down into the various technology categories where we have good market share data, we feel that our market share and our core LC business, our core TA businesses is very solid and certainly all the data coming out of the 2018 market calculations reinforce that and backed up as well by import data in countries that capture that kind of information. We've acknowledged here for some time, we've had some pressure on the mass spec side of the business which is why we've invested in differential strategies because we do believe in the growth and the potential of the mass spec product line and are excited about what's in our portfolio. So, really, from a market share standpoint, I don't have any new information from the quarter other than what the data said at the end of last year and the overall confidence in the durability of our market share franchise and in those categories.  In terms of what gets better in Q2, some of the factors that I alluded to, we do expect a softening up some of the restrictive factors on budget release, particularly in the pharmaceutical sector, to take place over the course of the year and have some impact in Q2. We certainly expect to increase the impact of some of the new product launches that we have in Q2 versus Q1. And, certainly, there are – while we don't expect something – a country like China to completely bounce back in one quarter, we are looking to improve upon our performance in China and there are some small incremental positives such as the lowering of the VAT tax that's happening this month in China, which ought to create some additional incentives for capital purchases among key customers. So, really, it's a composition of a number of those factors. And we're looking to improve upon every one of the factors that affected us in Q1 and continue to improve over the course of the year.
Steve Willoughby: Chris, can I sneak one more question in there? I appreciate that answer. You commented you don't want to get into the impact this year from new products, but maybe you can just give us some context since the BioAccord is now out there. You alluded to a number of other new products coming this year. While I'm sure you don't want to launch those new products on today's conference call, can you just give us some feel or perspective on the other products you have coming and their potential significance versus the potential significance of the BioAccord, meaning the other products you're going to launch later on this year potentially a bigger deal or a smaller deal relative to the BioAccord?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. A fair question. And I would just say, BioAccord has been the headliner simply because of the timing and also the strategic importance of that platform, and both the market segment it's targeted at as well as the conviction we have in the solution. The other one that we haven't specifically mentioned, but you are well aware of, Steve, is the cyclic high mobility, high-resolution mass spectrometer that we continue to expect to launch at the ASMS meeting coming up here shortly. So, we're really excited about that. And, obviously, we're going to get a benefit of that in the second half of the year. And what I'll just say on the other product launches that we'll provide details on as we move along is that there are a number of what I might call more iterative technologies. If BioAccord and cyclic IMS are new platform technologies, we have a variety of other iterative technologies in both our LC and our mass spec portfolio which will benefit us in particular because those technology categories and product families are well accepted platforms in the market. They can benefit from the refresh as we have them. So, I'd rather stop there from the standpoint of describing the new product introductions. But everything we said at Investor Day relative to the number of launches and the excitement we have around the launches is very much in front of us here.
Steve Willoughby: Thanks very much.
Christopher O'Connell: We're at the hour, but we'll take one more final question and then wrap it up?
Operator: Okay. The final question for today is from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Yeah. Thank you. Chris, I just want to go back to Europe. I appreciate, with Brexit, maybe there was slower purchasing. But, logically, what was the feedback you were hearing from customers related to that? The reason I ask is it's not something that we've heard from a couple of your peers. And I think the prevailing logic was there might be actually some stocking related to Brexit. So, again, the feedback that you're hearing from customers would be helpful.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Related to Brexit, we certainly didn't see any unusual stocking activity, whether it was over the course of last year or early this year. And, obviously, the Brexit stalemate has been kicked down the road to the October timeframe. And we continue to develop our contingency plans for the eventuality – the potential eventuality of a hard Brexit. I think what we saw in our business was softer demand, particularly in Northern Europe, in and around the UK and countries that are the most active trading partners with the UK. And a lot of that really related to just the general caution of budgets in a new year where some of the macro clouds continue to hang.  We, obviously, see different dynamics in different parts of Europe and actually saw better performance in Southern Europe and some other parts that were maybe a little bit away from the Northern European areas.  So, Europe has been a very strong market for us historically. It's gone through some bumps here in the last quarter, in the last year, but we have a lot of confidence that the customers in those areas will be there for the long-term. And we're just trying to stay very focused on the underlying activity, which, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is actually positive relative to demoing and quoting type of activities, particularly in pharma. So, anyway, we're just going to stay very focused on trying to get that business back and return Europe to a growth profile over the course of the year.
Jack Meehan: Okay. And then, just as a final – what was growth in India in the quarter and can you talk about the economic activity that you're seeing there?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yeah. For a final comment, that's a good place to end because India was obviously a very dynamic situation over the last year. But, India, we're seeing all the signs that we hoped and expected to see coming into the year of stabilizing business. As I alluded to in my comments, India grew solidly in the mid-single digits and had even better performance in LC and in pharma. So, we actually saw strength in pharma and strength in LC in India, and that is on the heels of what was actually a pretty good fourth quarter as well. The fourth quarter of 2018 was our second-highest quarter ever in India and had a tough comp, but we rolled into this year with continuing steady demand returning on the instrument side to complement the business on the chemistry and service side. Obviously, India is not out of the woods yet as it relates to political questions. As you know, the election cycle is underway. And while most people expect the stability of a Modi government, and that's certainly our hope as well, we're just being appropriately cautious as we kind of work through that. But the fundamental underlying health of the pharma sector and of our business appears to be on the rebound there in India and we're gratified by that.
Christopher O'Connell: So, thank you very much for that question. And thanks for all of your questions today. In conclusion, we are focused on delivering improved growth over the course of 2019, headlined by improving instrument purchasing dynamics, continued growth in our recurring revenue and the growing contribution from new products. As always, we are committed to delivering reliable earnings performance based on our organic growth and supported by our enhanced capital deployment program. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our second quarter 2019 call, which we currently anticipate holding on July 30, 2019.  Thank you. And have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone have objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the first quarter and full-year 2019. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. In Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 23, 2019. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the mostly directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to our earnings press release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increases or decreases are in comparison to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Waters' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier, joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, I will provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full year 2018 operating results, as well as some broader commentary on our business. Sherry will then review our financial results in detail and provide commentary on our first quarter and full-year 2019 financial outlook. We will then open up the lines to take your questions. Jumping right in, I am pleased with our fourth quarter results, particularly given the dynamics of the business earlier in the year, as we delivered growth across all three of our broad market categories and demonstrated strength in key geographies and product lines. Geographically, we saw continued strong performance in China in Q4, as well as strengthening in the United States. Offsetting expected softness in Europe and India, as we closed out the year. Q4 product sales included continued strength in demand for standalone liquid chromatography systems. Our expected rebound in sales for thermal analysis systems after a temporary Q3 dip and increasingly positive signals in demand for our mass spec technologies. Furthermore, steady recurring revenues contributed to our strong finish in 2018. Overall, our fourth quarter revenues grew 5% and adjusted earnings per share grew 14% versus prior year Q4. On a full year 2018 basis revenues grew 4% and earnings per share grew 11%. Taking a closer look at the business, starting with the review of our market categories at the corporate level. Sales to every major market category were up for the quarter and for the year. Fourth quarter sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category increased 7% year-over-year driven by double-digit growth in China, and the aforementioned pickup in the United States. Partially offset by expected softness in both European and Indian pharma markets. Importantly, demand for our LC product line remains strong outside of market related pockets of weakness in Europe and India. For the full year 2018 overall sales to our pharmaceutical category grew 4%. In total, our 2018 results were characterized by strong performance with pharmaceutical customers, including steady growth in small molecule and robust growth in large molecule. As noted before, our pharmaceutical category also include sales to biomedical research customers, which were down for the year, partially offsetting strength noted above with our pharmaceutical customers. We feel very good about our pharma market position including both small molecule applications as well as the ever increasing application requirements of our large molecule customers. The investment environment in pharma remains robust, particularly as it relates to the increasing pace of innovation on new biologic drugs. Fourth quarter sales to our worldwide industrial category, which includes material science, food and environmental markets, grew 2% year-over-year, led by strength in material science. Industrial growth for the full year was 1%. Sales within our TA brand bounce back from Q3 as we expected, resulting in 7% TA growth for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Our strong TA performance gives us confidence in the positive outlook for our industrial category, as volume in our thermal and rheology product lines has historically been our best proxy for industrial and market demand. Sales into our governmental and academic category increased by 3% in the fourth quarter, with strong growth in Asia, partially offset by softer demand in Europe and the Americas. Weakness in biomedical research applications was more than offset by strength in pharmaceutical discovery. For the full year 2018, sales into our governmental and academic categories were up 7% over 2017. Next, I will review our sales performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia, our largest region in terms of revenue was up 9% in the fourth quarter, on strong double-digit growth in China, as well as great performances in Korea and Japan. Demand in China continues to be robust, and in Q4 was led by strong growth in pharma. Our Indian business was about flat on a year-over-year basis in Q4, although for context, Q4 in 2017 was the largest quarter of sales in our history in India. The pharma environment in India appears to be improving, with customers operating at increasing instrument utilization, which bodes well for future instrument purchases. Additionally, we are seeing encouraging development of other Indian growth opportunities, particularly in food safety testing. For the full year Asia grew 6%, again highlighted by double-digit growth in China.  Turning to the Americas, overall sales grew 6% in the quarter, with sales within the U.S. growing 5%. Growth in the U.S. was broad based across key end markets and product lines. We were particularly encouraged by the pickup in spending from large pharmaceutical customers in the United States who have been more cautious in the first half of the year. For the full year, sales in the Americas were up 3% with the U.S. growing 2%.  In Europe, sales were down 1% in the quarter as pharmaceutical growth was not sufficient to offset weakness in both industrial and government and academic. Central and Southern Europe were both strong, offset by Northern and Eastern Europe largely due to macro factors, including concerns related to Brexit and Turkey. Overall, Europe played out as we expected in Q4. For the full year, Europe grew 1%. Finally, I'll review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters branded instrument sales were up 3% in the quarter and were flat for the full year, with strength in liquid chromatography instruments. Our overall LC sales growth was largely driven by QA/QC demands in drug production, with strong growth across most major geographies further reinforcing the strength of our LC position in regulated markets. Our mass spectrometry product line continue to show signs of improvement in the fourth quarter, including continued stabilization in our high-resolution mass spec portfolio. In particularly, we were encouraged by the strong mass spec growth in our pharma business, which was mostly offset by weakness in biomedical research. During the quarter, we also begin shipping the recently launched RenataDX, our next generation screening system for high throughput general use clinical diagnostics. This fully integrated bench-top system is an open platform with proven reliable and robust performance and it builds upon Waters' 20 years of experience serving the needs of newborn screening and general clinical diagnostic laboratories. We are looking forward to further strengthening our mass spec product line in 2019 across multiple categories. Waters' branded recurring revenues, which reflect the combination of service and precision chemistries grew 6% in the quarter. Leading this performance were our chemistries, which grew 8% year-over-year, further emphasizing the recurring nature of our business model. This continued strength in our recurring revenues was driven by global strength in service plans, application kits, UPLC columns and Bioseperations columns. For the full year, our service in chemistry revenues both grew 6%, indicative of strong utilization rates for the installed base of Waters' instruments. Turning to our TA product line. Sales increased 7% in both the fourth quarter and for the full year. Q4 instrument system sales for TA increased by 6% and service grew 10%. For the full year, TA instrument system sales grew 6% and service grew 9%. There was broad-based sales growth across our key thermal analysis, rheology and electroforce product lines in the quarter and for the full year. We are paying close attention to the dynamic macro conditions affecting the industrial markets, but we continue to see strength in our TA business. Furthermore, we are still relatively early in the broader product cycle of our discovery line of thermal analyzers. In summary, I'm pleased that Waters ended 2018 on the high note, with improving momentum in key market categories, products and geographies. I was particularly encouraged by strength in our pharmaceutical category, our liquid chromatography and TA product lines in China as well as strengthening performance in the United States. And looking at the P&L, we maintained strong operating discipline all year along, while investing heavily in R&D and exceeding our earnings expectations for both the quarter and the year.  Looking ahead to 2019, I'd like to start by reiterating that we remain steadfastly focused on executing on our 5 point value creation model. As we regularly communicated, we aim to create shareholder value by first holding a focused and highly differentiated leadership position in structurally attractive markets; second, executing a clear growth strategy driven by organic innovation; third, seeking the opportunity for continues operational improvement; fourth, being a disciplined capital allocator; and fifth, operating with the performance oriented culture and management team. We have now turned the page to 2019 and I'm truly looking forward to what lays ahead. While Sherry will provide further detail, our outlook for 2019 is based on four key factors. First, generally positive end market dynamics; second, building on the momentum we have coming off a robust Q4; third, the benefits of a new product introduction cycle; and forth, the continued implementation of our enhanced capital deployment plan, which starts with investing more assertively to grow the business and also includes working to optimize our balance sheet and return more capital to shareholders. In particular, I'm very excited about our innovation efforts, we continue to prioritize and invest in organic product development, with full year 2018 R&D investments up 8%, growing consistently faster than sales. While we continue to evaluate select external technologies to supplement our overall innovation formula. It is our internal product development efforts that have our organization so energized for 2019. We're looking to benefit from the increased pace of product launches we saw in 2018, but more significantly, we will be launching several major new systems in 2019 that form the foundation for an exciting new product cycle. Our current innovation efforts are highlighted by yesterday's launch of the BioAccord LCMS system. The pace of innovation in the biopharmaceutical industry is clearly accelerating and with that we are seeing increasing requirements by our customers and regulators in monitoring multiple critical quality attributes. Waters' designed the BioAccord system as a fit for purpose LCMS solution for large molecule applications. For the first time in history Waters is now delivering the benefit of rich time-of-flight mass spectrometry data in routine workflows for improved productivity, more effective decision making and enhanced regulatory compliance. We have long invested in a robust channel serving this target market. And we have already received a significant amount of positive feedback from our customers through our early access program. Sales activities are now underway. We have already shipped revenue units and we eagerly await further customer feedback and experience. We'll provide further detail on our BioAccord strategy at our upcoming Investor Day on February 28, 2019 in New York City. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of our fourth quarter financials. Sherry? 
Sherry Buck : Thank you, Chris and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter we recorded net sales of $715 million, an increase of approximately 5% in constant currency. Currency translation decreased sales growth by approximately 1%, resulting in 4% sales growth as reported. For the full year, sales grew by 4% before currency translation, which increased sales growth by 1%, resulting in 5% full year sales growth as reported. In the quarter sales into our pharmaceutical market category grew 7%, our industrial category grew 2% and sales into our governmental and academic market category grew 3%. For the full year, the pharmaceutical market category grew 4%, our industrial market category grew 1% and sales to governmental and academic customers were up 7%. Looking at product line growth, our recurring revenue, which represents the combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue grew 6% in the quarter, while instrument sales grew 4%. For the full year, recurring revenue grew 6%, while sales of our instrument product groups grew 1%. As we noted last quarter, recurring sales were impacted by one additional calendar day in the quarter, which resulted in a slight increase in service revenue sales. Looking ahead, there is one less calendar day in the first quarter and one additional calendar day in the fourth quarter of 2019, compared to 2018. Breaking Q4 product sales down further sales related to Waters branded products and services grew 5%, while sales of TA branded products grew 7%. Combined LC and LCMS instrument platform sales were up 3% and TA's instrumentation system sales were up 6%. Our total recurring revenues, which includes both Waters and TA products grew by 6%. Looking at our growth rates in the fourth quarter geographically and on a constant currency basis, sales in Asia were up 9%, led by 15% growth in China, sales in Americas were up 6%, with 5% growth in the U.S. and European sales were down 1%. Now I'd like to comment on our fourth quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin was 59.9% for the fourth quarter of 2018, compared to 60.6% in the fourth quarter of 2017. The lower gross margin relative to the prior year quarter was driven by quarter specific mix of our business. For the full year, gross margin was in line with our expectations of 59% and was unchanged compared to the prior full year.  Moving down the fourth quarter P&L, operating expenses increased by approximately 3% on a constant currency basis, and foreign currency translation decreased operating expense growth by approximately 1% on a reported basis. In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was 12% versus 12.8% in the prior year quarter. the lower tax rate is a result of U.S. Tax Reform updates and a shift in the mix of profits in our tax jurisdictions. Net interest expense was $1 million, down from $4 million in the prior year benefiting from reduced debt levels. Our average share count came in at 75.3 million shares or approximately 4.1 million shares lower than in the fourth quarter of last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter were up 14% to $2.87 in comparison to earnings of $2.51 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share were $2.46 versus a loss of $4.44 last year. Our GAAP earnings in Q4 2017 included the impact of a tax expense charge of $550 million that we incurred as a result of U.S. Tax Reform. For the full year our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were up 11% to $8.29 per share versus $7.49 last year. On a GAAP basis, full year earnings per share were $7.65, versus $0.25 in 2017. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings can be found in the press release that we issued this morning.  Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet, I'd like to summarize our fourth quarter results and activities. We defined free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the fourth quarter of 2018, free cash flow came in at a $160 million after funding $32 million of capital expenditures. Excluding from free cash flow were $6 million related to the settlement of the U.S. pension plan and $5 million related to the investment in our Taunton Precision Chemistry Operation. In the fourth quarter, this resulted in $0.22 of each dollar of sales converted into free cash flow and $0.25 for full year 2018. Now I'd like to update you on our fourth quarter activities related to capital deployment, which as we shared before are prioritize into three buckets. First, invest in the business; second, maintain our balance sheet strength and flexibility; and third, return capital to shareholders. In terms of investing in the business, during the fourth quarter R&D grew 10% on a constant currency basis in support of organic innovation. Also during the fourth quarter, we terminated our U.S. pension plan to derisk the balance sheet, resulting in a $46 million charge, of which $40 million was non-cash.  In terms of returning capital to shareholders during the quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares of our common stock for $498 million. For the full year 2018, we repurchased 6.7 million shares for $1.3 billion. These capital allocation activities along with our free cash flow resulted in cash and short-term investments of $1.7 billion and debt of $1.1 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter, resulting in a net cash position of approximately $600 million. Looking ahead, we remain committed to deploying capital against these three priorities. Starting with investing in the business through both organic and inorganic opportunities. Furthermore in 2019, we plan to utilize our balance sheet in working towards a near-term capital structure of approximately 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA ratio. Towards that end, we currently plan to repurchase upto $750 million in shares in the first quarter and approximately $2.5 billion for the full year. These assumptions are reflected in our 2019 guidance. Over the course of the year we will evaluate the pace and level of repurchases and provide quarterly updates on our plans. In support of the share repurchase plans in 2019 and as noted in our press release this morning, the board has authorized to repurchase of upto $4 billion of share repurchases targeted to be completed over a two year period. This authorization replaces our preexisting program. Turning to working capital, accounts receivable day sales outstanding increased to 74 days this quarter, up from 71 days in the fourth quarter of last year. In the quarter, inventories increased by approximately $21 million in comparison to the prior year quarter, which is in line with historical trends. As we look forward to the balance of the year, I'd like to comment on our full year 2019 guidance. Our outlook assumes generally positive end market dynamics, continued growth in our recurring revenue and incremental contribution from new products. Geographically, we assume continued strength in China and improved conditions in India, U.S. and Europe. These dynamics support full year 2019 guidance for constant currency sales growth of 4% to 6%. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to decrease 2019 sales growth by one to two percentage points. Gross margin guidance for the year is expected to be consistent with our historical trends of approximately 59%. Our plan for the full year is to manage operating expense growth at a rate that is less than our sales growth. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be $30 million to $35 million, an increase compared to 2018 as a result of our plans to utilize our balance sheet over the course of the year as noted in my earlier remarks. Our full year effective tax rate is estimated to be in the range of 14% to 15%. Our guidance regarding capital allocation assumes share repurchases during the year, which would result in an average diluted share count of 68.5 million to 69 million shares outstanding. Pulling all this together on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2019 earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $9.20 to $9.45, which assumes an approximate one percentage point negative impact from currency translation at current rates. Looking at the first quarter of 2019, we expect 4% to 6% constant currency sales growth. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to decrease first quarter sales growth by two to three percentage points. Combining these top-line factors with the moderate increase in expenses, we estimate first quarter non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the range of $1.65 to $1.75, which assumes an approximate three percentage point negative impact from currency translation at current rates. Additionally, we expect an increase in our tax rate in Q1 of about 3% due to the timing of discrete items in the prior year quarter. I would like to pass the call back to Chris to make a few summary comments. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Great. Thank you, Sherry. I'm summary, we were pleased to end 2018 on a high note with solid momentum in our key business drivers and we are excited about the year ahead in 2019 highlighted by our new product cycle and enhanced capital deployment activities. With that, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not always able to get to everyone's questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. And if you have additional questions, please contact the Waters Investor Relations team after the call. Operator?
Operator: Yes. The first question in the queue is from Stephen Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Stephen Beuchaw: Good morning, and thanks for taking the questions here. I would love to just get a couple of detail on how you're pulling together the top-line outlook for 2019. Maybe I'll ask a two parter and then I'll get back in queue. I guess maybe the most important one is, how are you thinking about hardware growth in the 2019 outlook given the commentary on BioAccord now out in the market and it sounds like you anticipate a cadence of further product launches throughout the year. So the balance between hardware and consumables are recurring revenue growth would be my first question? And then the second part of my very long winded two parter is, can you just talk through expectations for some of the regions in 2019, particularly India and China and then maybe any commentary on Europe given what we've seen here in the quarter would be great. And I will jump back in queue. Thanks very much.
Christopher O'Connell: Great. Thanks, Steve. Appreciate the questions and I will take a crack at some of these and have Sherry supplement in terms of how we're thinking about 2019 overall. But really starting at your first -- the first part of your question, Steve, the mix between recurring and hardware, it's a good reminder to all of us that we do have that steady recurring revenue of chemistry in service and even in the type of year we have behind us those lines were really steady both growing 6%. And so, looking forward and not assuming everything goes perfectly right, we expect continued contribution of our recurring revenues as a nice foundation. With that being said, we are looking at the instrument business if you will and looking at a year that should firm up. We definitely showed some improvement as we got towards the end of the year really across the board in our instrument business that's LC, mass spec as well as TA Instruments. And of course as noted in the commentary, we are very excited about new product launches. At this point, I'm not going to put a lot of specificity around what we expect relative to say the BioAccord launch other than to say that that type of technology gives us greater confidence in our instrument outlook for the year. And then, of course, as you alluded to will be supplemented by other instrument launches throughout the year. So with respect to the regions and starting with India, as noted in my comment, Q4 was interesting. It was slightly below prior year, very slightly below prior year but for context, the prior years was our number one quarter ever in India. So this fourth quarter was actually our second biggest quarter historically in India. So while the year-over-year growth wasn't there, certainly the volume was good. And the overall picture just feels like ought return to growth this year. Now India has comeback more slowly than we expected, so we'll probably ever be cautious until those numbers show up, but certainly a recovery in India represents further confidence in our overall outlook for the year. China, as I commented on and Sherry commented on was strong all year long, particularly in pharma and government and academic as I've commented on many times before, our Chinese business is a very broad based business. We have more balance in our Chinese business than most other major geographic markets. And as typical, we'll enter the new year assuming relative stability in market conditions in China. There are certainly a lot of macro noise out there on China, but really I don't have anything new to say or updates on any of the trade type matters that we're really just focusing on what we can control. And At the same time we don't always assume everything goes perfectly in China. We try to have a balanced outlook in the last several years China has outperformed our balanced outlook. But we'll again moderate our assumptions going in to the new year. And then you asked about Europe -- a little more on Europe. Again for context, while soft in aggregate over the course of the year, we have had several regions within Europe that have been strong, particularly Central Europe and Southern Europe. Our Northern Europe business, which is UK, Ireland, Nordics, Benelux, et cetera was -- had a bit of a down year, but just had a huge comp from a year before. And so we think the businesses is in good hands and is in good shape there and we're expecting some modest improvement in Europe, we're certainly not expecting or modeling a large bounce back. But we're being cautious given the macro environment and some of the uncertainties, but do expect some basic improvement there. So as in most years, we will enter the year with a balanced outlook across all these markets and we'll obviously update everything as we go along. I don't know if Sherry, do you have anything add to that. Okay. Okay, maybe the next question?
Operator: Next question is from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Chris, I'd like to start with the pharma recovery, I was just curious as to whether you think there was any kind of onetime dynamics here in terms of budget push. I know you called out the lack of a budget push earlier in the year. So how much of this was maybe transitory and a catch up effect. And then on BioAccord, I understand you don't want to kind of put numbers around it, but can you maybe just talk to the degree of pent up demand you see into the launch. And do you think the adoption curve will be different then prior systems given that you're really kind of going after the QA/QC and process development market?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure great. So starting with pharma, Tycho, we'll just give a couple of comments there. So we grew 7% in the quarter and that was clearly a strong quarter and better than we'd seen all year overall. And I would also note that pharma results was delivered even with India obviously being flattish and as you know India is by and large a pharma market. I would say there was nothing unusual as it related to a flush at the end of the year. We certainly have seen the pattern in the U.S. for the last couple of years where we have a slower start to the year and a faster finish that that kind of manifested itself again. But I think we were encouraged, we are encouraged by the balance in pharma as I mentioned for the year in retrospect, we ended up solid in small mol and very strong and large mol for the year. And we are particularly encouraged in the quarter by high res mass spec in pharma. So, as I mentioned, the tone has been improving in mass spec and in the period we probably saw that most acutely was high res mass spec in pharma. U.S. pharma was strong and even within Europe, pharma was better than the other market category. In Europe, it was still relatively modest, but it was positive. So, I think heading into the year again taking a balanced view, there's a lot of dynamics affecting the pharmaceutical industry. But what's unmistakable to me is just the pace of innovation that's happening. And, we talk a lot about that in large molecule. But there's also quite a bit going on in small molecule and a diversification and a globalization of the generics business. So, where we typically see a lot of good generics business and revenue out of markets like India and China, we're seeing the United States contribute a lot of growth in generics as some of those companies look to increase their footprint in the United States.  So, maybe seguing from there to the BioAccord and you use the term pent-up demand. It's interesting because I think there is a gap there. And just let me clarify, we do see the BioAccord ultimately finding its way to QA/QC, but we're really targeting method development and process development. So late stage development where methods are being developed. As you know, today, there are many, many different tests being run on bio molecules. I've seen data that as many as 30 or 50 different assays are being run on bio molecules. And that just simply over time is going to require more powerful tools. I actually just after -- actually after your conference in San Francisco, I went out to the field and visited one of the major biotech companies and sat down with their development people. And we had a hour and a half discussion on the pressures on speed to market and cost and the frustrations they have moving faster on multi attribute monitoring, because they just don't have the right tools. The tools today that are sold into there, including our own are too manual, too slow and the data systems are not fully ready to handle the regulatory requirements.  And so this particular group, as well as many of the folks that have seen the BioAccord are very excited and want to learn more, in fact this group was actually going to come to the WCBP meeting in D.C. next week, where we're going to be showcasing the system just to see it. But all the requirements that are unmet today around robustness, reproducibility, easy to operate, the performance informatics, that's a gap in the market. And we think we have the right product at the right time. So again, the way technology rolls out in this space is a matter of happening over years, not months. And so, while we do assume incremental revenue coming from the BioAccord this year, we'll not put too finer point on that at the outset and we'll update you more on that as we get through the year and obviously we're going to try to go a little deeper on this exact topic at our Investor Day coming up at the end of February. Next question please?
Operator: Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken: I just want to get back to China pharma for a minute. So it sounds like the market was quite robust, but the government late in December, made a number of changes around pricing. And they're sort of essentially encouraging a consolidation of the generic industry in China and then seemingly also trying to promote the innovator side.  And so help us understand how that dynamic and sort of mix shift has played out in your business. And if we think about where your revenue mix is today, at least in that generic and [indiscernible] market, versus what seems like it'll be a much bigger biotech market. Just help us kind of understand how that plays out through the P&L?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Ross, as you know the Chinese market is one we watch very closely and is constantly changing in terms of policy and standards and so forth. And I can't speak specifically to the policy changes you're referring to, I am generally familiar with some of those directions and they are consistent where the Chinese government has been in the past. I mean, to the extent the government has an interest in consolidating the generic space, that's being done for the reasons of scale. The government is intent upon increasing patient access to basic medical therapies and in whatever tactic is needed to do that if it's consolidation, if it's regionalization. It's all being driven at that aim and that's all going to drive volume and as you know our small mol business is very much a volume oriented type of business.  And on the other end of the spectrum the promotion of innovation that's clearly happening there is tremendous activity in China around the development of biosimilar companies and even novel drug innovators. And so I think in that way, China is sort of a micro chasm, if you will of what's going in the world, there is business for us at both ends of the volume side of generics and also on the kind of testing intensive side of the innovation. And just in terms of our business in rough terms and we'll update this further at the Investor Day, but in rough terms two-thirds of our business is related to the small molecule world that's sort of generics volume business and one-third relating to the bio molecule development with very little in QA/QC. But we see bio molecules going down that same path, just like our small molecule business grew up around late state development, method development, process development and evolved into manufacturing quality control we see large molecule going down the same path, which is why we're investing so much to make sure that we can serve the market to make that transition. And, at this point both ends of that formula are important to us. Next question please. 
Operator: Next question is from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Derik Bruin : Hey, good morning. 
Christopher O'Connell: Good morning, Derik. 
Derik Bruin : Two questions. First one just a little bit more commentary on your academic and government comment about Europe. And then also on that just sort of what are your sort of taking plans in terms of preparing for Brexit because you do have that big UK facility in Manchester. And then just any signs of any pull forwards at the end of the year because the people worried about trade issues? Thanks.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, again thanks Derik for the questions, and I may ask for a clarification on the pull forward part of it. But let me jump into the academic government. We did have a -- as you know really kind of a strong year if you will in academic and government at 7% growth with a little less growth at the end of the year. And that was really a function of Europe, but we actually had growth in the U.S. and strong growth in China and Asia in academic and government in the quarter, which really reflected a pattern all year along with a little bit of softness in Europe. In Europe it probably reflects more that wait and see kind of tone in some of the markets related to some of the macro conditions that's about as good of a thought I can have there. There is a bit of a mix in the academic and government sector between biomedical research where it's been weaker and pharma discovery where it's been stronger. And again for reference keep in mind, our academic and government is a significantly smaller part of our portfolio than everything else and even within that our academic and government business is about two-thirds or more academic and university and therefore the government piece is smaller. But, we're watching that closely and like I said earlier it was nice in Europe, even though it was a little bit of soft year than we expected that pharma was a -- could offset that some a little bit as well. So from a Brexit standpoint, we watch Brexit closely, I have been very tuned into this since the beginning. As you point out we have a large research facility in Wilmslow in the UK. There is obviously a range of possibilities as to what could happen with the article 50 process and while it seems that most more recent political events have made a hard Brexit probably less likely because I think politicians on both sides are sort of in violent agreement, if you will, that a hard Brexit is the worst scenario and whether it's a pause or whether it's a renegotiation or whether it's even a new referendum, there is a lot of other things that could happen. But even with that, we've decided that it's prudent to prepare a contingency plan for short-term disruption in the case of a hard Brexit. And so we are well down the path on that contingency plan and that plan is simply designed to maintain our servicing of customers. About 4% of our worldwide revenue is in the UK and obviously you can imagine there would be some forward stocking just to prepare for any disruptions. And then furthermore on the export side making sure that we have plenty of inventory, finished goods inventory that comes from the UK, outside the UK. I will say that over time, we have involved the majority of our mass spec production out of the UK into Ireland and other places. And so really Wilmslow is primarily research and development facility with some smaller volume high res lines that we can certainly manage through in that type of a scenario. So, while I think a hard Brexit personally is a very low probability, we're just trying to be prudent in preparing for that. But on the pull forward question and I'm happy to get a clarifying point from you on that. I don't really see evidence of that particularly in Europe. So, I think if we -- if there was more of a pull forward dynamic, we probably would have seen stronger results in Europe, but I just -- I think the people are more in a wait and see mode is how I'd characterize it.
Derik Bruin : Yes. I was just talking about the fact that some of the life sciences and industrial companies have talked about trying to -- some of their Chinese customers pulling forward just because they're worried about trade issues. I'm just wondering if you saw that?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. China, I wasn't thinking about China when you asked the question, but that's perfectly fair. And again, don't have a lot of evidence of unusual pull forward or a flush of any type there. The business throughout the fourth quarter in China reflected more typical Q4 type dynamics.
Derik Bruin : Right, thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. I'll just get them both out there and then get back into the queue. First on TA, would you quantify the impact of timing dynamics on Q4 core growth for TA? And what are you assuming for 2019 TA growth, presumably you're thinking above the corporate average again. And then my second topic is on mass spec. What was mass spec core growth in Q4? And are you assuming in guidance to that growth improves to at least mid-single digit levels in 2019 given new products and favorable comparisons? Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, thanks, Doug. Appreciate it. On TA when you roll the whole Europe, it was a really solid year of growing 7% and it was growth in 7% for the quarter. And as you recall from Q3, we had a little bit of a dip down to the low single-digits for TA. Sales growth in the quarter although we felt strongly enough that that was a temporary dip that was really based on a different mix of inventory at the end of the quarter that we identified the fact that all underlying orders growth was consistent in Q3 as it was in the first half. And really when you roll i8t together I think that that's exactly what played out in terms of both order and sales growth for the year being really solid right in the range that we reported. And in terms of 2019, we're making the same type of forecast of a risk adjusted number. I don't want to give you a specific number and -- but I would say TA ought to perform at least at the company average. We're in a good product position there. The business continues to diversify.  One experience I had also recently being in the field calling on customers is the increase in tech companies for example buying our thermal analysis, rheology and even as they work to develop better materials for various computer type products utilizing the Waters chemical analysis, particularly the gel permeation chromatography type product line. So, our materials franchise is broader than TA. And it does feel to me over time that that industry market is diversifying to include other sectors besides the traditional chemicals and polymers and inorganic side of the business. Related to mass spec, I don't really want to break out the details on the specific growth, but what I would say about mass spec is it was better in Q4 than it was in Q3 and Q3 was better than the first half. And furthermore, our orders performance in Q4 was better than our sales performance. And so, I think we are heading into the year with -- on a little stronger footing and we certainly expect our mass spec product line to contribute to growth in the year ahead, where it in aggregate didn't contribute all that much growth in 2018. So certainly very excited about the product cycle, BioAccord, as I mentioned before, we have a new super high resolution mass spec technology coming out during the year as well as some other things that I don't want to comment on yet. So anyway, thanks Doug, appreciate the questions. 
Operator: Next question is from Sung Ji Nam with BTIG. Your line is now open.
Sung Ji Nam : Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Chris, I was wondering about you guys are posting 4% organic growth this year -- in 2018 and you're guiding to 4% to 6% outlook for 2019. I was curious as to kind of is it mostly attributable to the end market general outlook that you guys have or is it more due to new product launches. I'm just curious as to kind of slight improvement potentially in the outlook for the year.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thank you, Sung Ji. I think that's correct. I think we're -- to me the end market outlook is more of a baseline. And certainly as we experienced this year you always make assumptions and those assumptions can change. And so, we try to make sort of risk-based assumptions coming into the year and not assuming everything goes, right. But for the most part in general sense, we feel that the end markets are reasonably stable. And certainly if there is some incremental growth this year, it is based on a better product position. We certainly don't have a crystal ball, if you will that's better than anybody else as it relates to macro conditions. But in terms of what we can control and what is different at Waters heading into this year is the product position in terms of the new launches both in 2018 as well as the ones that I've alluded to and mentioned in 2019. I guess, furthermore, I'd say the other thing we've done alongside of the -- on market preparation relative to these launches is we've really invested in our commercial operations. I'm very pleased with a number of things we're doing across the board in our commercial operations around the world in terms of we built a new sales operations functions, we have a new sales enablement process so that by the time technology hits the market our teams are really ready to go. And furthermore, we've supplemented headcount in our field operations on both the sales and service side as we've talked about in the past. And so, it's really a total team effort and a 360 degree process of getting ready for this type of new launch cadence. And I think that's probably what's -- probably what would explain better growth in 2018 versus -- 2019 versus 2018.  And Sherry, go ahead. 
Sherry Buck : Yes, Sung Ji, maybe just to put a little bit macro perspective around it. When you think about our business our recurring revenues represent about 50%. And our recurring revenues grew this year 6%. So if you think about our guide range of the 4% to 6% that gets you halfway there. And so, then the other levers that Chris talked about then would be improvements in some of the geographies that we saw momentum towards the end of the year and the continued solid market dynamics and then the impact of new product introductions. So that might give you some parameters to think about.
Christopher O'Connell: Great, thank you. Next question please?
Operator: Next question is from Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Daniel Leonard : Thank you. Question for Sherry. Sherry, the -- on capital deployment, so 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA that's not a 2019 target, correct? That's a target over two years.
Sherry Buck : Dan, the way we've looked at our capital allocation as you know the U.S. Tax Reform is a real game changer for us as we got access to our cash. And this year we started ramping up our share repurchases. And we've talked about this year working towards the 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio. Our guidance for the full year we've assumed about $2.5 billion. So that wouldn't get you to that kind of leverage at this guidance point. But what we're going to do is, we're going to evaluate throughout the course of the year. There's lots of dynamics here. So, we've given you guidance also for Q1 and as the year unfolds, as we look at our performance, what our investment needs are, and opportunities are macro factors, et cetera, we will kind of adjust it accordingly.
Daniel Leonard : Okay, thanks. So just wanted to confirm. And then my follow-up question, can you help me think about the sources of operating leverage in 2019 a year where you're investing in sales and marketing ahead of some new product launches, you've been growing R&D at twice the rate of revenue, and gross margins tend to be kind of flat. Can help me think about the drivers?
Sherry Buck: Sure. So probably characterized first, just kind of overall operating margin leverage as we look at it. And I'd say, we really look at kind of the two big factors as our top line growth goals that we have, and then what are our needs to invest in the business to drive that top line growth. And then there's obviously other factors such as whatever FX fall through throughout the course of the year and offsetting inflation, et cetera. And so, as we set our plan for this year of the 4% to 6% revenue guide, and then our EPS growth, we look to be able to deliver modest operating margin improvement. If you look at our 2018 results where we ended the year with about 4% constant currency growth, we were still able to deliver about 50 basis points of operating income improvement. So those are kind of the factors that we look at because as we learned from 2018, there's a lot of moving parts. So we really set out to within our revenue guide just to have some modest operating leverage as we look at the different levers we have to pull.
Daniel Leonard : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is now open. 
Brandon Couillard: Good morning. Just a quick one for Sherry, if you could tell us what your penciling in for free cash flow for the year as well as CapEx? And if there's any added spillover from the Taunton expansion in the CapEx number for the year? Thanks.
Sherry Buck: Yes. So it's a great question. So we have a big investment that's a five year project with the Taunton Chemistry Operation. This year, we'll probably spent about $11 million related to that from CapEx, but it's a five year program and would be $200 million over the five year period. Next year, we probably expect spending about $90 million on the Taunton facility. However, we are calling that out as an adjustment from our cash flow. So really looking at it as a major facility investments as we've done with some of our other major facilities, for example, in Wilmslow and other areas.  So if you kind of strip that out and really look at it, as we look at our cash flow. In general, we've looked to grow our cash flow in line with our top-line. And our depreciation historically is around 2% to 2.5% of sales. And I'd say, we'd expect that kind of operating CapEx probably towards the higher end of that in 2019.
Brandon Couillard: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Hi, good morning. Couple of questions for you. First, I guess, just on SG&A, in the last few quarters, it's been running a little bit below, at least our expectations. Just was wondering, if you could comment there on what you're doing to hold in SG&A and if that's sustainable going forward. And then I guess secondly, for Sherry maybe, your guidance here for the first quarter, the midpoint looks like about 7% earnings growth, compared to the full year of 12% to 13% earnings growth. Just given somewhat easier comparison in the first quarter, just wondering how you're thinking about kind of the back half weighting so to speak for your overall EPS guidance? Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, maybe I'll take -- thanks, Steve. I'll take a quick one on SG&A and Sherry can certainly add to that plus talk about the guide a little bit. If you look at the overall body of work in 2018, I think we managed the P&L very well to gain some modest operating leverage, while investing heavily in R&D.  And as we got into the fourth quarter in part given some variable expense dynamics, as well as the investments pre-market, if you will ahead of the BioAccord launch that ticked up a little bit. But we have a number of levers to pull relative to cost initiatives and we're doing more than ever before in the company. Now in our third year of kind of a new type of budgeting cycle to really make sure we're pivoting resources and allocating resources to the things that give us the best chance for growth. And so, I think we're comfortable that we'll continue to manage our P&L, our SG&A well and over any reasonable rolling period like we saw in 2018, get that balance right. So Sherry, I don't know if you want to say more about that plus the guide.
Sherry Buck : So I'll address your question on the guide for Q1. I'd say there is a couple of factors in Q1 that is impacting the overall EPS growth, a comment I talked about is the tax rate. So just to put the tax rate in perspective, last year is our first year coming out of Tax Reform, we guided to 13% to 15% tax rate, as you know with our current results we ended at the low end of that range with a variety of factors around evolving a clarification on Tax Reform some discrete items and kind of the mix of our business. So, for full year next year, we're guiding to a full year tax rate in the range of 14% to 15%, just kind of narrowing that. But in the first quarter kind of that range of the tax rate has a bigger effect in Q1 because last year we had an exceptionally low tax rate it was about 11%.  So as you look at the flow of our EPS from Q1 and then look at that in contrast to the full year the tax rate is definitely has a bigger impact in Q1. And then I'd say the second item in Q1 would be the impact of FX, it's about a 3% headwind in the first quarter and kind of overall you're seeing more impact in the first half on the FX than in the full year. So I'd say those would be the two big factors. 
Christopher O'Connell: And operator we have time for just one more question. 
Operator: Dan Brennan with UBS. Your line is now open. 
Daniel Brennan: Great, thank you. So Chris, could you just give us color on specifically what did China do actually in the quarter, I know I think you mentioned strong double-digits and how does this breakout across your kind of customer groups. I think you said it was broadly healthy, but is there any more color there? And then finally, what's kind of baked in for China growth as we move into 2019?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thank you, Dan and we'll finish with the question on China there. So China for the quarter Dan grew about 15%, so that was a really solid result on a similar result a year ago. So like we've commented on China was pretty solid, very solid all year along. And that growth was really led by pharma, which was north of that growth rate.  And also the academic and government sector within China which certainly represents a number of things within the portfolio material science, food testing and that happens in the academic and government labs. The industrial business was a little bit softer in China relative to the overall growth rate, but very much led by pharma and academic in government. In terms of the year ahead, I would just reemphasize kind of our typical approach here and as I alluded to earlier, we -- our Chinese geography has outperformed in recent years and we always enter the year with numbers that are a little more modest than we have ended up with and obviously it's a dynamic environment like I said earlier we don't have any incremental new information on impact of trade or tariffs relative to what we have been seeing all along. So we follow news as closely as we can, but really try to stick to what we can control and that's investing in our people, it's investing in our training, it's investing in our demo labs and I think that market has shown an appetite for growth in innovation in fact one of the first units of BioAccord, we shipped was actually over to China. And so that market is attune to the technology that is coming out and is needed to progress all the innovation that's happening there. So we just try to follow the strong pace of innovation and because there's a lot of innovation in China, we're continuing to invest in that market. 
Christopher O'Connell: So, thanks for that question and let me all -- let me wrap up in the interest of time and just say thank you for all of your questions. I enjoyed engaging with all of you. In conclusion, all of us at Waters are focused on an exciting year of growth and innovation in 2019. As we discussed on the call our top-line expectations are grounded and what appear to be stable market conditions and are headline by a compelling new product cycle that has resulted from our diligent investments in R&D.  As always we're also focused on continuing to deliver on reliable earnings performance based on our organic growth and supported by our enhanced capital deployment program. So on behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day on February 28, and then to further update you on our progress during our first quarter conference call, which we currently anticipate holding on April 23, 2019. Thank you very much and have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Bryan Brokmeier - Head of Investor Relations Christopher O'Connell - Chairman and CEO Sherry Buck - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Daniel Brennan - UBS Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Dan Arias - Citigroup Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company Jack Meehan - Barclays
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference call begins. This conference call is being recorded. If anyone have objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the Company for the fourth quarter and full-year 2018. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. In Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the Company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for January 23, 2019. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the mostly directly comparable GAAP measures are attached to the earnings press release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the third quarter and fiscal year 2017. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now I would like to turn the call over to Waters' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier, joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, I will provide an overview of our third quarter operating results, as well as some broader commentary on our business. Sherry will then review our financial results in details and provide comments on our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. Briefly reviewing our financial highlights, our revenues grew 3% for both third quarter and year-to-date and adjusted earnings per share grew 8% for the quarter and 9% year-to-date. While we continue to make significant progress on our key strategic initiatives, our third quarter sales growth came in below our expectations that we shared with you during the July call. While we continue to see strength in China and had a nice improvement in U.S Pharma, we saw weaker than expected performance in two key areas: our TA Instruments product line and the European Pharma market. Furthermore, the recovery of normalized growth in India is progressing slowly. To give you a bit more color on Q3 soft spots, I will start with TA Instruments. While growth in this product line was 6% year-to-date, TA had a soft sales quarter due to the timing of certain shipments to U.S., European, and Chinese customers. That said, underlying TA order growth in Q3 was encouraging and was in line with the year-to-date order trends despite the slower than expected sales in the quarter. We continue to be excited about the near and long-term prospects of the TA product line, which is in the early innings of a major new product cycle and thermal analysis and is supported by solid economic backdrop. Our European growth was challenged in the quarter by pressure within our pharmaceutical end market. Though we saw an improvement in big Pharma in the U.S during the quarter, spending among top pharma customers in Europe remains tempered with uncertain dynamics heading into the end of 2018. On the positive side, sales to our pharmaceutical customers in the U.S picked up meaningfully during the quarter. We are encouraged with the improved spending that we are seeing by our largest pharma customers in the U.S and our Q4 expectations assume a continuation of that trend. Outside of the U.S., we continue to excel in China with strong mid teens growth. Furthermore, worldwide LC Instrument demand remain stable. Looking briefly at the P&L, we are pleased with the solid earnings results despite the slower than expected top line growth. While investing in future growth through organic innovation, we demonstrated disciplined operating expense management that drove modest margin expansion enabling us to exceed our earnings-per-share target. Taking a closer look at the business now, starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level, third quarter sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category increased 2% year-over-year driven by double-digit growth in China and the aforementioned pickup in the U.S., partially offset by a modest decline in European Pharma markets and the decline in sales into clinical applications. Importantly, our LC product line remain solid outside of market related pockets of weakness in India and Europe. Year-to-date, overall sales to our pharmaceutical markets are up 3% against a solid prior year performance. We feel good about our pharma market position, and in particular our ability to meet the needs of customers in bio molecule applications. The investment environment remains positive and we see long-term growth opportunities based on the global pipeline of new drug development. Sales to these customers continue to perform well and we're confident in our positioning in large molecule applications, which account for approximately one-third of our pharma business. Third quarter sales to our worldwide industrial category, which includes the materials characterization, food, environmental and fine chemical markets grew 2% year-over-year, led by strength in the chemical analysis and food markets. Despite softer than expected growth in the quarter, we remain confident in our product positions and pipeline as well as the breadth of opportunities across material characterization, food, safety and environmental applications. Year-to-date, our worldwide industrial category sales were up 1%. Sales from our governmental and academic category increased by 8% in the third quarter with strong growth in Asia and the Americas, partially offset by softer demand in Europe. Weakness in biomedical research applications was more than offset by strength in both environmental research and pharmaceutical discovery among these customers. Year-to-date, our governmental and academic category was up 9%. Next I will review our sales performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia, our largest region in terms of revenue was up 7% in the quarter and double-digit growth in China and modest growth in India. Demand in China remains robust with strong growth in pharma, food, and fine chemical markets, partially offset by softness within our TA Instruments product line. Turning to the Americas, overall sales grew 2% in the quarter, while sales within the U.S were flat. Although Canada and Latin America were strong, growth in these regions was offset by softness in the U.S. Increasing strength in our U.S Pharma customer base that we mentioned before, was offset by softness in clinical applications in our TA Instruments product line. In Europe, sales were down 2% during the quarter as solid industrial sales in the region were offset by lower-than-expected pharmaceutical growth, driven by unexpected weakness from large pharma, clinical applications and biomedical research. Finally, I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters branded instrument sales were flat in the third quarter with strength in standalone chromatography instruments. Within LC, momentum continues to build for the Acuity Arc Bio and the Acuity Plus, which we launched earlier in the year. Meanwhile, our overall LC Instrument sales growth was largely driven by the Alliance system, with strong growth across all geographies, further reinforcing the underlying strength of our HPLC position in regulated markets. Our mass spec product line improved modestly compared to the first half of the year and encouragingly we saw stabilization in our high resolution mass spec portfolio. Our core tandem quad mass spec portfolio has sold well over the last year, highlighted by the Xevo TQ-XS. During the quarter, we began shipping the Xevo TQ-GC system and DART QDa with LiveID, both of which will initially target the food safety testing market. There is significant opportunity in Asia, and particularly in China where food safety testing is just beginning to shift from legacy government labs to newly established independent labs.
performance and it builds on Waters': Waters branded recurring revenues, which reflect the combination of service and precision chemistries and represent approximately 50% of the businesses total sales, grew 5% in the quarter. We saw strong growth of recurring revenues in Pharma, driven by global strength in our service application kits UPLC Columns and Bioseparation columns. In particular, we are encouraged by the strong demand for our recently launched BioResolve reversed-phase monoclonal antibody columns. Turning to our TA product line, sales increased 1% in the third quarter. Instrument systems sales for TA increased by 1 -- decreased by 1%, excuse me, and service sales increased 8%. Softer sales in our thermal analyzers offset strength in our rheology, microcalorimetry and ElectroForce product lines. As we highlighted earlier, our consistent order growth, strong product portfolio and leading market position give us confidence in the continuing strength of our TA products. In summary, our year-to-date growth has been uneven due to some unexpected dynamics in a few key geographies and product categories. That said, we’ve maintained strong operational discipline and exceeded our earnings expectations. We are making significant progress against our growth initiatives, headlined by our efforts over the past several years to transform our innovation process that is beginning to deliver a series of next generation products to market. Before some additional comments on innovation and capital deployment, I would like to reiterate that we remain steadfastly focused on executing on our five point value creation model. As we have previously communicated, we aim to create shareholder value by one, holding a focused and highly differentiated position in structurally attractive markets. Two, executing a clear growth strategy driven by organic innovation. Three, seeking opportunity for continuous operational improvement. Four, being a disciplined capital allocator, and five, operating with performance oriented culture and management team. We continue to prioritize and invest proactively in organic innovation with year-to-date R&D investments growing 7%. To augment these internal innovations, we are increasingly evaluating select external technologies to strengthen our overall product portfolio and enhance our organically developed products. There is a lot of excitement throughout Waters about our innovation transformation and the resulting enhancements in our new product pipeline. Our management team has stepped up the pace and focus of new product development over the past several years and we are now beginning to see the benefits of these efforts. In 2018, we have launched the Acuity Arc Bio System, the Acuity UPLC Plus Series, the Xevo TQGC, the Dart QDa with LiveID, the RenataDX screening system and numerous chemistry products as well as additions to our TA product line such as the DMA 850. While these new products have seen successful launches, we expect to realize a greater revenue contribution from them in 2018 and beyond. Looking ahead to 2019, we are excited about a number of additional launches that will begin a major new product cycle, highlighted by the first steps of our BioTOF program. This biopharmaceutical LCMS system is the industry's first integrated bench-top mass spectrometry-based platform for routine monitoring and release testing. Our biopharmaceutical customers employ a diverse range of users who need to make analytical decisions more efficiently. This system delivers a sample to result, streamline workflow process that will enable routine operators to acquire reproducible decision supporting data that is more of a challenge to obtain using existing research grade mass spec systems. This new system is compact enough to sit on a bench, but powerful enough to deliver the high-end performance needed to monitor and quantify multiple product and/or process attributes within a single analysis. Shifting to capital deployment, we have concluded an extensive review of our capital deployment strategy following U.S tax reform. This seminal event has provided Waters with more tax efficient access to our global cash, and as a result we intend to put our balance sheet to work in 2019. We will further accelerate our recently enhanced share buyback program and target a near-term capital structure featuring a net debt to EBITDA ratio of approximately 2.5x. Sherry will provide further details on capital deployment in her comments. To go further on these critical topics and provide investors with deeper insights into Waters and our key growth initiatives, I'm pleased to announce that we plan to host an Investor Day on the morning of February 28, 2019 in New York City. I look for -- I look forward to engaging with you in that forum, which will include in-depth management presentations, an opportunity for Q&A, and informal interaction with the management team. More details about the event will be forthcoming, but please save the date on your calendars. With that, I would like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of third quarter financials. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we recorded net sales of $578 million, an increase of approximately 3% in constant currency. Currency translation decreased sales growth by approximately 1%, resulting in 2% sales growth as reported. In the quarter, sales into our pharmaceutical and industrial markets both grew 2% and sales into our governmental and academic markets grew 8%. Looking at product line growth, our recurring revenue which represents a combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue grew 6% in the quarter, while instrument sales were flat. As we noted last quarter, there was no year-over-year difference in the number of calendar days during the third quarter, but there is one additional calendar day in the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to 2017. Breaking product sales down further, sales related to Waters branded products and services grew 3%, while sales of TA branded products grew 1%, combined LC and LCMS instrument platform sales were flat and TA's instrumentation system sales decreased by 1%. Our total recurring revenues, which includes both Waters and TA products grew by 6%. Looking at our growth rates in the third quarter geographically and on a constant currency basis, sales in the Americas were up 2% with flat sales in the U.S. European sales were down 2% and sales in Asia were up 7%, led by 13% growth in China. Now I would like to comment on our third quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin was 58.3% for both the third quarters of 2018 and 2017. Moving down, the third quarter P&L, operating expenses increased by approximately 1% on a constant currency basis and foreign currency translation decreased operating expense growth by approximately 2% on a reported basis. In the quarter, our effective operating tax rate was 15.1%, up 290 basis points year-over-year, which was in line with our expectation and reflects the net impact of U.S tax reform that we discussed in our Q4 2017 earnings call. Net interest expense was $2 million, down $3 million from the prior year benefiting from reduced debt levels as part of our capital deployment framework as well as higher rates of return on investments versus the prior year. Our average share count came in at 77.1 million shares, approximately 3.4 million shares lower than in the third quarter of last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share for the third quarter were up 8% to a $1.92 in comparison to earnings of a $1.77 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share were $1.83 versus a $1.69 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings can be found in the press release that we issued this morning. Turning to free cash flow, capital deployment and our balance sheet, I would like to summarize our third quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the third quarter of 2018, free cash flow came in at a $136 million after funding $27 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow were $8 million for U.S tax reform related payments, $5 million related to the funding of certain international pension plan, and $4 million related to the investment in our Taunton Precision Chemistry Operation. In the third quarter, this results in $0.24 of each dollar sales converted into free cash flow and $0.26 year-to-date. In terms of returning capital to shareholders during the quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares of our common stock for $264 million. Year-to-date, we have purchased 4.1 million shares for $808 million. These capital allocation activities along with our free cash flow resulted in cash and short-term investments of $2.1 billion and debt of $1.2 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter, resulting in a net cash position of approximately $900 million. I would like to provide some additional comments related to capital deployment and our near-term capital structure. Consistent with prior communications, we prioritized capital deployment in three markets. Number one, invest in the business; second, maintain our balance sheet strength and flexibility; and third, return capital to shareholders. We continue to be committed to returning cash to shareholders. In April 2018, we announced a new share repurchase program of $3.5 billion, which was the first step from our comprehensive review of capital deployment following U.S tax reform that provided us with more tax efficient access to our global cash. Following up on Chris's earlier comments, we’ve continued to review our capital structure and have concluded with our Board of Directors that we’ve the ability to accelerate the pace of our share repurchase program, but also maintaining the financial flexibility to invest in the business through both organic and inorganic opportunities. Towards that end, we plan to continue the acceleration of share repurchases during the fourth quarter and anticipate buying back approximately $500 million of our common stock. This would bring our full-year 2018 share repurchases to about $1.3 billion. As we look forward to 2019, we plan to utilize our balance sheet to support a near-term capital structure of approximately 2.5x net debt to EBITDA ratio with a robust share repurchase program for 2019. We will provide more details of our 2019 plans during our Q4 earnings call and at our Investor Day in February 2019. Accounts receivable, days sales outstanding increased to 77 days this quarter, up from 73 days in the third quarter of last year. In the quarter, inventories increased by approximately $16 million in comparison to the prior year quarter, which was in line with typical seasonal patterns. As we look forward to the balance of the year, I would like to comment on our full-year 2018 guidance. Our outlook assumes continued global growth and demand from our end markets and continued growth in our recurring revenue. These dynamics support full-year 2018 guidance for constant currency sales growth of 3% to 4%, from our prior guidance range of 4% to 6%. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to increase 2018 sales growth by about one percentage point. Gross margin guidance for the year is unchanged at 58.5% to 59%. Our plan for the full-year is to continue managing operating expense growth at a rate that is below our sales growth rate. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $11 million from our prior guidance of $14 million. This assumes that the debt repaid in the first three quarters of 2018 is not reborrowed during the course of the year. Our full-year effective tax rate is estimated to be in the range of 13% to 15%. Our guidance assumes continued acceleration of share repurchases in the fourth quarter as mentioned in my earlier remarks and will result in an average diluted share count of approximately 78 million shares outstanding. Rolling all this together on a non-GAAP basis, full-year 2018 earnings per fully diluted share are projected to be in the range of $8 to $8.10 from our prior guidance range of $8.05 to $8.20. At current rates, the foreign currency impact on full-year earnings per share growth is expected to be neutral, which is consistent with our prior guidance. Looking at the fourth quarter of 2018, our guidance assumes a continuation of our year-to-date performance trends. Therefore, we expect 3% to 4% constant currency sales growth in the fourth quarter. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to decrease fourth quarter sales growth by 1 to 2 percentage points. Combining these top line factors with a moderate increase in expenses, we estimate fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the range of $2.55 to $2.65, which assumes an approximate 4% negative impact from currency translation at current rates. Chris will now make a few summary comments. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Great. Thank you, Sherry. To recap, during Q3 and through the first three quarters of 2018, we’ve seen some unexpected bumps in a few key geographies and product categories. That said, we’ve maintained strong operational discipline and exceeded our earnings expectations, while remaining steadfastly focused on delivering our significant new technology pipeline through our enhanced innovation program. Furthermore, we remain confident in the health of our end markets and our strong competitive position in our priority categories. I look forward to updating you further in early 2019. With that, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not always able to get to everyone's questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please contact the Waters investor relations team after the call. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first response from Steve Beuchaw, Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good morning and thanks for the time here. I think, Chris, it would help if you just try to think about 2018 in totality and compare that to the sort of historical norm of mid single-digit plus, Pharma growth which we think of generally is the bellwether for Waters. Over the course of this year, you’ve had a couple of, what we know, one-off headwinds. How would you summarize, what this year is a one-off headwind? And what can you tell us about how big you think new products are as drivers of acceleration from here?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Steve, for the question. And I think you characterized it well, the pattern we’ve seen throughout the year has shown some bumps in the road that we're not fully expected as we headed into the year and in a couple of key geographies and product lines. Obviously, the most consistent headwind we've seen over the course of the year has been in India, which has knocked down our growth by a 1% or point or more and we can go deeper on India with what a year-ago was a customer base working through the GST tax implementation issues has evolved a little bit to some broader economic concerns, obviously the rupee is way down on a year-over-year basis. And so, a variety of factors including some political uncertainty in India have really contributed to that being consistent headwind. And outside of that, we’ve had some pockets of market related issues in Europe that we saw in the quarter. That said, we’ve some real positives that we’ve seen over the course of the year as well. China's been very consistent as a tailwind and the U.S which started out quite slow has been improving particularly in Pharma, which is probably the thing that we watch most closely. And so -- as I look at the year in totality and on your point of innovation, we’ve just tried to remain steadfastly focused on the execution of what is a really exciting multiyear innovation cycle. This year, in 2018, particularly in the back half of the year, we've seen more incremental product launches than the prior two years combined and those really should start showing their promise and of course as we look ahead to 2019, we have -- what I consider non-incremental type of product launches coming with the BioTOF program, some new entrants in high resolution mass spec and in some other areas. So, that's really our core strategy. We’ve not wavered from that. And as we’ve worked through some of the geography and product line bumps in '18, I think we're -- we remain very confident in the outlook for the business long-term.
Steve Beuchaw: And just to quickly follow-up on a couple of points you made. Can you give us a sense for whether you’re embedding, any assumption for improved trends in India in 4Q? And can you give us any more color on what was behind the slowness that you called out in Pharma in Europe there? And then I will get back in queue. Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. In terms of India, we have moderated our outlook for India. India has been a great market for a long time as you know and what we've observed over the years is that Indian customers tend to be pretty patient buyers. We do see pent-up demand building. But like I said, it's become more clear over the course of the year that the environment in India is reflecting some political uncertainty with the next round of elections coming up next year, and in some degree of economic moderation in part impacted by the rupee devaluation. And so we just remain very focused. We believe India will come back -- it's come back more slowly than we expected. And so we're not assuming a huge bounce in Q4 in terms of our guidance. We are assuming more of a continuation of the trend that we’ve seen throughout the year and that's consistent with Sherry's overall comments on our Q4 outlook reflecting the continuation of what we’ve seen throughout the year. And what was the last part of the question?
Steve Beuchaw: Just looking for clarity on what you believe is the catalyst for the change to trend in Europe? I mean the growth actually considering the comp wasn't particularly different relative to trend, but curios why it was that you called that out?
Christopher O'Connell: Well, we did have a strong double-digit trend in Europe overall with growth in third quarter of prior year. And, I guess, if we look at Western Europe, we did have a significant 2017. 2018 has been a bit softer, we certainly believe our performance reflects more market related factors and we are obviously watching that closely. The tough comp was particularly with strong double-digit Pharma comps, but we probably have seen some incremental effects of some country specific dynamics, certainly, the Brexit situation as it rolls closer to hopefully some sort of a positive resolution has probably put a bit of a chill on sentiment. And certainly, there are some other specific countries like Turkey with some near-term uncertainty. But our franchise in Europe is very strong and we’ve got a customer base there that we expect to persevere. And like I said on my prepared comments, we don't necessarily anticipate a big bounce in Europe in the immediate term, but certainly as we look ahead to next year we expect to see normalization.
Steve Beuchaw: Thanks much, Chris.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Chris, I want to hone in on a few of the other soft spot you called out, so is industrial. You talked about the timing of shipments there and I think you said the order book was a little bit better. Obviously, the data point from the industrial side have not been very encouraging including a few more headlines today. So I guess what gives you confidence that this really is a timing issue coming out of the quarter?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Tycho. The comments that you referred to I made specifically around the TA Instrument product line. And really what happened in TA is we got to the very end of the quarter, there was a kind of a mix in timing of certain orders that have delayed shipments, including some China shipments that dynamic we saw in a couple different regions, but China, we’ve seen this for a few quarters now just with an elongated process of order to sale. But interestingly enough the order growth which we typically don't provide as much color to, but wanted to in this case, the order growth in TA was encouraging. It was consistent in Q3 with where we see it all year. I think we’ve a lot of confidence in our TA Instruments franchise in terms of the core product position that we have with the new discovery launches we’ve seen and more coming. And certainly from an inventory standpoint, we just had a slightly different mix on hand as we headed towards the quarter in terms of what we saw from an order standpoint, much of that will normalize in Q4. The Chinese situation possibly has some effect linked to the broader trade dynamics in China, but we’ve a robust overall global franchise in TA and expect that to bounce back in Q4.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then similarly, can you comment on the clinical softness, you called that out a few times in your prepared comments as well?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes, clinical is actually had a really strong first half, particularly in Europe and its up nicely year-to-date. We just saw a slightly weaker clinical quarter on top of what last year was a pretty big comp and what was a lot of activity in the first half of the year. Some of the comps tend to be lumpy and in certain parts of the clinical business, such as the pain management business where there has been some weakness due to shifts in reimbursement policy in that space, but again stepping back and looking at the bigger picture of clinical, we’ve had a solid year -- year-to-date and we have new product coming into that category, I mentioned in my remarks, the RenataDX, which is a next generation clinical screening system. And we’ve a focused position in clinical diagnostics, particularly in the general use IVD category and we continue to like that business.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then just one last one on operational discipline since you highlighted that as well. I’m just curious if you're accelerating any cost actions in this environment or how you’re thinking about OpEx?
Christopher O'Connell: I would say that we continue to monitor our operating expenses very closely. We haven't taken any unusual cost actions. We’ve certainly been more conservative in headcount expansion in some of our operating spending over the course of the year as we saw some of these bumps in the road from a top line standpoint. But as you know Waters has always been a very disciplined operator and will continue to stay focused on those. And like I said in the -- on the remarks, we are pleased to have delivered on the bottom line despite some of the bumps on the top line.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Brennan of UBS. Your line is open.
Daniel Brennan: Hey, Chris. Thank you. So I was hoping to maybe just revisit European biopharma for a moment. Just -- could you just give us little more detail there in terms of actually what did European biopharma grow or extra shrink in the business? And it sounds like it's really related more to the U.K and Turkey is what you called out. So, I guess, I’m just looking for a little bit more color, more broadly across Europe and kind of what you’re seeing with the biopharma customers?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, it's a bit of a mixed bag on biopharma generally, because we did see some weakness in Europe which really related to some of the comps that we had, that were strong there and also some of the general market chill that we've seen in Europe in the past quarter or two. But that was very much offset by strength in biopharma in the U.S. We, as I mentioned before, we saw a really robust quarter in the U.S in biopharma in particular and in Pharma generally. Since our -- since we report by trade class our clinical and biomedical research numbers which were both a bit weak in the quarter, really offset some very encouraging growth in U.S Pharma, and particularly strength in biopharma. So it is a bit of a mixed picture globally, Dan, I would say, and reflects some of the broader themes I mentioned.
Daniel Brennan: And then maybe just one more on India. So India sounds like it grew modestly in the quarter, but obviously your flagging maybe the rupee and some kind of economic uncertainty there. So maybe can you just give us a viewpoint towards your India business and how we should think about the growth rate of that kind of going forward and other? What other signpost we should watch for you do think to see if an Indian recovery is on the horizon for Waters? Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, sure. It's something we are watching carefully. We are trying to be as patient as we can with India because as I mentioned earlier the customers tend to be patient buyers. And if you look over the long history of India, it does go in pretty pronounced cycles. That said, the long-term trend lines are still positive in India and we do believe there is demand building, particularly in the instrument side. We saw -- we’ve seen very steady contribution of our recurring revenues in India, which give us confidence in the underlying demand, in the underlying utilization of the technology. And in terms of the signposts, it's really watching that sort of pent-up customer activity in the underlying volumes they’re producing as measured in what we see in the recurring revenues for some sort of a tipping point. But I think as the ruby -- as the rupee, pardon me, stabilizes and the year-over-year comps there as it relates to our Indian customers become moderated, hopefully that will contribute to the reacceleration of India. But we are just staying very focused there. We really have a lot of confidence in our management team. We’ve confidence in the market and expect that to perk up at some point, hopefully in the not-too-distant future.
Daniel Brennan: Great. Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Good morning, guys. There has been a lot of noise around sort of shared dynamics in a couple of your key categories, particularly, in mass spec. I guess, how are you thinking about sort of your competitive performance? And I guess some of this is going to go back to the new product launches, which I guess address some of the markets where you were not maybe competing as aggressively as you would like. But how are you thinking in some of the traditional markets around sort of the shared dynamic and sort of the stability there we're sort of used to seeing?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, sure. Thanks, Ross. Like I mentioned before, if you look to our total first half mass spec product line, we did see some modest improvement in the third quarter and we actually had a reasonably challenging comp year-over-year in mass spec as well. Like I said, we saw a bit of a bounce and some encouraging signs in the high res segment, and as I’ve said many times before, we really do like our core position there, we are a little late in a product cycle on that and looking forward to new products. But I feel like we are moving in the right direction in mass spec. We’ve got a very solid core 10 quad position and as you point out, our near-term product pipeline is robust and we are getting closer to it. For example, on the BioTOF program, we're well into a really exciting phase of customer evaluation and demo of the system, some of which I’ve personally participated in, and we do have a number of near-term new products as well in the high res and broader mass spec category. So like I said, I feel like we are moving in the right direction. It's an important product line for the Company and feel that it's reasonably stable in the near-term and hopefully getting better.
Ross Muken: And I guess on the capital allocation side, as you were sort of debating the merits of sort of more aggressive M&A or other technology purchases, again sort of the share repurchase, it seems like you guys are still remaining fairly biased to repurchase as you take up the leverage. I guess, how are you sort of thinking about that on a returns basis and versus what the business needs to kind of fuel the top line over the next 3, 5 years?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, now that's a terrific question, Ross, and we’ve -- as Sherry pointed out, say, we’ve spent a lot of time discussing the capital allocation, because for us tax reform was a total game changer. We were very locked on our balance sheet beforehand and now we're very unlocked and have a lot of financial flexibility, given the very strong economics of our business and global cash flows. Our priorities for capital allocation are, first, to grow the business and in any scenario, buyback, we are retaining plenty of financial flexibility to invest in the business, headlined by organic innovation capital expense. And as I mentioned, doing more and more to make sure we are close to what's happening outside of our four walls relative to innovation in technology and in considering very purposeful additions. Certainly in a small way you saw that earlier in the year with the Prosolia-DESI IP acquisition. And we will continue to maintain sufficient cash to invest in all of the growth attributes. But with that, certainly we have incremental capacity through our cash on hand, plus borrowing capacity to enhance our buyback program and we feel that now is the right time to put our balance sheet to work and to fully deploy our cash and partially deploy our borrowing capacity to work towards a more optimal capital structure.
Ross Muken: Thanks a lot.
Christopher O'Connell: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from Dan Arias of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Hey, good morning. Thanks. Chris, apologies if you mentioned this, but it feels like your 4Q guide doesn’t really assume much in the way of end of the year flush activity from Pharma. Is that fair and is there any insight that you might have into the way that Pharma might spend to finish in 4Q, particularly, if you try to parse out Europe?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. I think that’s a good question on flush and I would say, no, I didn't directly address it. But I would say that our forecast in Q4, as Sherry mentioned, I just reiterate that, we expect a continuation of some of the trends and we are not forecasting a major flush. Certainly, we are looking at that on a geography-by-geography basis. The U.S., as I mentioned earlier, showed a really encouraging uptick in Pharma spending in the third quarter and from where we sit today, we see that as something that ought to continue towards the end of the year. Where on the other hand, we are a little more conservative on our outlook in terms of what happens in Europe relative to year-end type activity. So I think, overall, we’ve a balanced set of assumptions on end of the year purchasing with strength in the U.S. and China and probably more conservative outlook for geographies like Europe and India. So I would characterize it as a bit of a middle of the road assumption.
Dan Arias: Okay. And then maybe just on the BioTOF, it sounds interesting, but the features that you mentioned also sound a lot like some of the ones that you hear when other LCMS players launch products. So without asking you to get too specific, can you just put some color around the differentiation that you expect to have there?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, I will say a little bit more Dan, because we obviously want to give you and the investment community a more complete description at the right time when we get ready for launch. But like I said, from a product development standpoint this has been, in my view, a really successful program where we’ve really hit on all of our key milestones along the way with a system that is very much designed for what the market needs today and in the future. And the reality is the systems in the market that are serving this category today have multi-attribute monitoring and are mostly and including what we're selling into this segment today, really research grade systems that really require expert users have more complex software, can be more variable in terms of reproducibility, require certainly more service from higher skilled engineers and are really more designed for cutting-edge performance as opposed to reproducibility and robustness and regulatory compliance. And so, we are obviously trying to build on the great success we’ve had on the small molecule side with HPLC, plus UV detection and power chromatography data systems to provide a really fit for purpose solution for the accelerating segment of the market in late stage development and ultimately QA/QC with a very versatile, easy to use, robust time-of-flight type analyzer. So I will kind of leave it at that for now, which is consistent with I think what we've said, but we're also doing the commercialization process quite differently, say in the -- than historically, where we're doing a very robust deep engagement with many key customers to test and trial the system, to get that final piece of feedback and to really demonstrate to our users that this is quite different from what they see on the market today.
Dan Arias: Okay. I appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Schenkel of Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: All right. Good morning. Chris, if we look back over the past three years, core growth has gone from, I think it's 6.6% to 5.7% and now to an expected 3% to 4% this year. This is in a period where your peers have been accelerating revenue growth and more recently you’ve missed two of the last three quarters relative to your own core growth targets. I know you are aware of this and I don't mention this to be heavy handed. I mention it because I want to give you another opportunity to address some things that I think will be important for investors as we try to figure out what comes next. So specifically, how confident are you that you have a solid understanding of why Waters has performed the way it has relative to the peer group over the last couple of years? Maybe more importantly, why does it seem like the challenges with visibility that used to be characteristic of Waters the better part of a decade ago, have resurfaced? And most importantly, are you confident based on your diagnosis and your visibility with the business and frankly the efforts that you put in place over the last three years as CEO that Waters can return to historical norms in 2019?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Hey, Doug, thanks for the question. Appreciate it. And certainly we are not at this point forecasting or giving guidance for 2019, but when we do step back and look at the big picture and look at the natural product cycles that occur in a business like this and really compounded by a lot of Waters specific mix in terms of end markets and geographies and product lines, I think when we step back and look at it, we feel very, very good about the work we are putting in to really build the type of R&D engine that can produce regular consistent cadence of new products that can drive the growth of the business and really a lot. That’s why you see a lot of the commentary that I make and we make coming back to that core innovation story. We certainly believe, we understand the market very, very well. We try to break out various segments to the market, to you and to the investment community in its level of granularity, we think that is wanted. And certainly, if you look at the overall visibility question, when you’re in certain product cycles, you obviously continue to plan for success. You try to fight through various parts of the cycle and obviously, when you get closer to some of the catalysts that you’re looking for to drive the business, then your confidence increases and I think that's sort of where we sit right now. So, yes, I see the same number as you do. And what we are focused on as a management team is just continuing to make the right decisions, the right investments in both the core innovation process and in our ability to deliver that into the marketplace and certainly on a forward looking basis, I feel very confident in what we're doing.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thank you very much. And Sherry, just a quick one, just to make sure I’m doing the math right. Based on your new guidance of a net debt to EBITDA target of 2.5x, I think that translates into having $4 billion to $4.5 billion of capital to deploy. Am I doing the math right and did you say that you expect this net debt to EBITDA target to be achieved during 2019? Thank you.
Sherry Buck: Yes. Doug, to clarify that our intent is to near-term have a 2.5x net debt to EBITDA and we would plan to achieve that during the course of 2019.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will be from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey thanks. Thanks for taking us. This is Mike on for Derik. I want to follow-up on an earlier question, but just sort of ask it in a fairly bigger picture view. Given some of the issues that we've talked about in 2018, some of the U.S pharma earlier in the year and 2017 as well, and now pharma in Europe and India GST and the political issues there. You've talked through the 4Q expectations pretty thoroughly and how you see those markets in the near-term, but longer term, do you see a return to growth more tied to just broader improvement in those markets and sorting through those issues? Is it tied more to getting over the tough comps over the last couple of years, particularly Europe this quarter, or is it tied to innovation? Is there something in the pipeline, like the BioTOF that’s really needed to get that growth back to that mid single-digit range?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Mike, thanks for the question. I think it's -- I think our outlook is looking at a bunch of those factors, certainly stabilization of key geographies like India and Europe, continued improvement in the U.S as we've noted today that kind of we're encouraged by what's happened more recently in the United States and looking for that to continue. But no question that a number of the new product launches should play a really important role. Like I said on the call and referred to in some earlier comments, we’re in the early stages of a multiyear innovation cycle. Like I said, the launches we’ve seen in 2018 have been more numerous than the two prior years combined. We are only beginning to see the positive impacts on those and some of those are more incremental. But as we move into next year and beyond, we see evermore significant launches as we continue to progress some of the core building blocks of next generation technology sets, and that's really the heart of our transformational engineering initiative and so much of the heavy lifting that we've been doing in our R&D efforts. And I have a lot of confidence in that pipeline and I'm looking forward to it making a bigger and bigger difference.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. And on the capital deployment front, a follow-up. Historically, was obviously been a very organic growth story and you talked about 2.5x net leverage even with the share buybacks that leaves the room for relatively sizable deal. What gives you confidence that you will be able to execute that and integrate that, have the bench for it? And then also how should we think about potential targets? You are relatively focused in a few very specific products and markets. Are you thinking about complementary deal to something in the technology space, or are you looking outside of your core -- sort of core areas?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, Mike that's a fair question on M&A and I would just continue to reiterate that our core corporate strategy is really around specialty focus and innovation leadership and we do -- we are taking probably a broader look at how we can emphasize the strength of our core products and enhance the strength of our core products with some tuck-in type M&A. Certainly, if we go down that path, we would do so in a very selective manner, in a very purposeful way that reinforces our core strategy. And like you say, while we have the -- we certainly have the financial wherewithal to stay flexible, to take advantage of opportunities that present themselves and at the same time we are building capability within the Company through our new corporate development department, and how we’d look to operationalize that, but until there was something specific to talk about, I would just leave it at that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thanks. Good morning. Chris, I wanted to dig in a little bit more on the chemistry results in the quarter and as it pertains to that small molecule. I’m curious if you're seeing any change in the market, whether it would be related to price or volume and just what -- if you could elaborate a little bit more on the chemistry result in the quarter?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Thanks, Jack. From an overall chemistry standpoint where we grew mid single digits, we were up against a double-digit comp in prior year. So while the chemistry number tends to bounce around a little bit, based on prior year and prior quarter, we feel very solid in our chemistry business. We were quite strong in Pharma, which we think is a good indicator of underlying health of that market. We had strength in our application kits in our UPLC columns and I mentioned some new Bioseparations columns, such as the BioResolve reversed-phase that was partially offset by a little softness in consumables for clinical diagnostics and then just the vagaries of customer ordering. So really it's [indiscernible] goes in the chemistry consumables area and it's a really important part of our business.
Jack Meehan: Great. Thanks. Just one follow-up on China. It sounds like the growth was good in the quarter, but curious if you're seeing anything on the ground related to trading tariffs and what would your expectation for the fourth quarter growth be?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, I think it's fair question on China. We’ve seen a very balanced contribution of China all year long and we continue to expect China to perform at a high level. We have a lot of balance in our Chinese business between end markets, we are actually more diversified in China, if you will, than other major geographies. From a tariff standpoint, because the vast majority of our products trade in tariffs really, vast majority of our products come in from places other than the United States, we've seen less of a direct effect. I did mention earlier that the TA Instruments product line, which is the one product line for us that comes in from the United States has seen some delays between the order and sales cycle or elongated sales cycle. Whether or not that’s tied to the trade type activities, we are watching that closely. But when we step back and look at the big picture of China, when it all comes together, it's been a very solid story all year long and our current assumptions call for the continuation of that trend.
Jack Meehan: Great. Thanks, Chris.
Christopher O'Connell: So it is a little bit after the top of the hour, so maybe we will conclude the call here in a few minutes. And as I do that, I do want to thank everybody for your great questions. In conclusion, after our third quarter, we are focused on delivering on our growth objectives for the fourth quarter, headlined by the continued improvement within our U.S pharmaceutical category, resumption of growth in TA Instruments and broad based growth in China. We are at the beginning of an exciting new product cycle across the business and believe that market conditions and our strong competitive position support continuing success. So on behalf of the entire management team, I would like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q4 2018 call, which we currently anticipate holding on January 23, 2019. Thank you all and have a great day.
Operator: We thank you all for your participation in today’s conference. That will conclude the call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Bryan Brokmeier - Head of Investor Relations Christopher O'Connell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sherry Buck - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Daniel Arias - Citigroup Jack Meehan - Barclays Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Puneet Souda - Leerink Partners Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company Catherine Schulte - Robert W. Baird  Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrily Lynch Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference call begins. This conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator, good morning everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the Company for the third quarter and full-year 2018. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. In Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K.We further caution you that the Company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions.  We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 23, 2018. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the mostly directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the Company's earnings release issued this morning.  In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro-forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release.  Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now I would like to turn the call over to Waters' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Bryan and good morning, everyone thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier, joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, I will provide an overview of our second quarter operating results, as well as some broader commentary on our business. Sherry will then review financial results in details and provide comments on our third quarter and full-year 2018 financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. Briefly reviewing our financial highlights for the second quarter revenues grew 5% and adjusted earnings per share grew 11%. Overall I’m pleased with the progress we made in the quarter demonstrating clear sequential improvement versus the first quarter and reinforcing the confidence we have in the ongoing growth trajectory of our business. Highlights in the quarter included team’s growth in China, double-digit growth from our DA product line and high single digit growth of recurring revenues. Looking briefly at the P&L we are pleased with the operating leverage we generated and the solid earnings results we realized in the quarter. While investing in growth to organic innovation, we demonstrated disciplined operating expense management that drove margin expansion which enabled us to deliver double-digit earnings per share growth in the quarter. Before I review our end market geographic and product line performance, I would like to provide an update on two factors we sited in last quarter’s call that adversely impacted our first quarter, Mass Spectrometry in India. First in Mass Spectrometry we saw a sequential improvement in the second quarter driven by solid growth from our core tandem portfolio. Our tandem quads which represent the majority of our mass spec sales have continue to sell strongly over the past year, offset by software growth from our high resolution mass spec product line.  For further context, mass spec technologies are a key part of our LCMS and direct mass spec system offerings, yet represents a smaller part of our overall business and within mass spec high resolution mass spec represents only about quarter of the total mass spec revenue.  Our sales force realignment, which had a minor impact our U.S. mass spec business during the first quarter is now complete and remains a key element of our ongoing market development strategy. With respect to India, growth was flat in the second quarter with a return to growth in Pharma, partially offset by some weakness in industrial and governmental and academic. We remain confident in the improvement of our India business in the second half of the year as customers continue to regain purchasing momentum. Now taking a closer look at the business starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level. Sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category grew 4% in the quarter, growth was driven by double-digit growth in China, partially offset by a slight decline in developed markets due to slower than expected budget releases by our largest Pharma customers.  Importantly we saw strong year-over-year growth in our large molecule business. As we continue to leverage our refresh Xevo tandem quad portfolio in this high growth market, we feel good about our Pharma market position and in particular, our ability to meet the needs of our about molecule customers as their investment environment continues to be positive. Sales to our worldwide industrial category which includes the materials characterization, food, environmental and fine chemical markets were up 3% in the quarter. Sales within our TA brand continued strong trend we have seen, giving us confidence in a positive outlook for industrial category as volume in our thermal and [indiscernible] product lines has been our best proxy for industrial end market demand. We saw softer demand from food and environmental customers in the quarter, partially offset by strength in the chemical materials market. Despite the near-term puts and takes. We continue to be excited about our product positions and pipeline, as well as the breadth of opportunity across materials characterization, food safety and environmental applications. Looking at our governmental and academic category, sales grew by 13% in the second quarter with broad-based growth across all major geographies. Weakness in biomedical research was more than offset by improvement in other research applications including pharmaceutical, materials and clinical diagnostics. Next I will review our sales performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia, our largest region in terms of revenue was up 8% in the second quarter as strong midteens growth in China offset flat performance in India. Demand in China continues to be robust, with strong growth in Pharma, food and materials. Turning to the Americas, overall sales grew 1% in the quarter with sales in the U.S. declining 2%. Although growth in Canada and Latin America was strong, including Brazil, Mexico and Puerto Rico, it was offset by some softness in the U.S., particularly in biomedical research markets as well as slower-than-expected Pharma growth. In Europe, sales were up 5% in the quarter. Industrial, as well as government and academic were particularly strong in the region while European pharmaceutical growth was a bit softer driven mostly by tough comps in big Pharma. Finally, I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters branded instrument sales were flat in the second quarter, driven by the previously mentioned mass spec systems softness. On the other hand, we were pleased with our sales of standalone chromatography instruments. Within LC the Acuity ARC continues to see significant broad-based demand and the newly launched Acuity Plus is receiving strong market acceptance. Our core tandem quad mass spec portfolio has sold really well over the last year, highlighted by the Xevo TQ-S micro and the Xevo TQ-XS. In high resolution mass spec growth was challenged within the biomedical research market, we recognize we are currently in the latter phases of product cycle in high resolution mass spec and therefore face more competitive pressure than the rest of our portfolio. That said, we continue to see significant growth opportunity in the space, are investing assertively and are confident in the strength of our technology pipelines that we expect will begin to show in the coming year.  Waters branded recurring revenues, which reflect the combination of service and precision chemistries and represent approximately 50% of the total business grew 8% in the quarter. Recurring revenues were driven by global strength in our service sample prep and application kits and UPLC columns. Turning to our TA product line, sales increased 12% in the quarter. Instrument sales for TA increased 12% and service sales increased 11% was. There was broad-based growth across our key thermal analysis, microcalorimeter and electroforce product lines. In particular, growth within our discovery line of thermal analyzers continues to be very strong. We have now introduced nine new instruments over the past two years within the discovery series including the DMA 850, which was introduced earlier this year. Our balanced growth of new customers and existing customer upgrades gives us confidence that the discovery series continues to have a long runway ahead of it. In summary, we are pleased that we saw sequential improvement in our second quarter results, highlighted by strong growth in China, our TA product line in our recurring revenues. In addition, we deliver meaningful operating leverage, which enabled us to deliver double-digit earnings per share growth. As always we remain steadfastly focused on executing to our five point value creation model As we have previously communicated we aim to create shareholder value by first holding a focused and highly differentiated leadership position in structurally attractive markets. Second, executing a clear growth strategy driven by organic innovation. Third, seeking opportunity for continuous operational improvement, fourth being a disciplined capital allocator and fifth, operating with the performance oriented culture and management team.  I would now like to add a few comments highlighting our strong focus on innovation at Waters. We are pleased with the progress of our product portfolio, including our recent interactions of the Acuity ARC Bio System, the Acuity UPLC Plus series and the Xevo TQGC as well as numerous new products for TA instruments business such as the recently launched DMA 850. We continue to prioritize and invest proactively in organic innovation with second quarter R&D investment growing 9% year-over-year. I’m personally excited about the rich pipeline, we are building across instruments informatics and precision chemistries. To augment these internalizations, we are increasingly evaluating select external technologies to strengthen our overall product portfolio and enhance organically developed products. As an example, yesterday we announced the acquisition of portfolios Desorption Electrospray Ionization or DESI technology for mass spec imaging. The acquisition of DESI technology bolsters Waters’ market-leading portfolio of direct ionization mass spec, which also includes multi-REIMS and the [DAR] (Ph) QDa with live ID. These technologies allow for simplified direct sample analysis under ambient conditions without any required sample preparation. We are excited about our unique ability to providing advance digital molecular imaging solutions and related analytical tools to researchers who strive to answer complex biological questions. In fact, my recent visit to a ASMS reinforced to me the excitement of the research community for mass spec imaging technologies, we saw 18 oral presentations and 105 poster presentations. When coupled with our Xevo G2-XS QTof in SYNAPT G2-Si Mass Spectrometer, DESI provides maximum flexibility by leveraging the power of time-of-flight mass spectrometry analysis and for more demanding applications additional or orthogonal resolution using Ion Mobility Mass Spectrometry. Importantly DESI is highly complementary to other imaging modalities, such as MALDI, making it a strategic addition to our evolving imaging portfolio and positioning Waters as the market leader in direct ionization mass spec techniques. With that, I would like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of the second quarter financials. Sherry.
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris and morning everyone quarter. In the second quarter, we recorded net sales of $596 million an increase of approximately 5% in constant currency.  Currency translation increased sales growth by approximately 2%, resulting in 7% sales growth as reported. In the quarter, sales into our pharmaceutical markets grew 4%, sales into our industrial markets increased 3% and sales into our governmental and academic markets grew 13%. Looking at product line growth, our recurring revenue represents the combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue grew 8% in the quarter and instruments sales grew 2%.  As we noted last quarter, there is no year-over-year difference in the number of calendar days during the second or third quarters, but there is one additional calendar day in the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to 2017. Breaking product sales down further, sales related to Waters’ branded products and services grew 4% while sales of TA branded products grew 12%. Combined LC and LCMS instrument platform sales were flat and TA instrumentation systems sales grew 12%. Our total recurring revenues associated with both Waters and TA products grew 8%. As Chris already shared, we are encouraged by the strong momentum that we have seen from TA in the first half of the year, which gives us confidence in the positive outlook for our industrial category. Looking at our growth rates in the second quarter geographically and on a constant currency basis, sales in the Americas were up 1%, but sales in the U.S. down 2%. European sales were up 5% and sales in Asia were up 8%, led by 14% growth in China. Now I would like to comment on our second quarter non GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 59.2% versus 58.9% in the second quarter of 2017, positively impacted by mix and FX. Moving down the second quarter P&L. Operating expenses were up approximately 3% on a constant currency basis and foreign currency translation increased operating expense growth by approximately 3% on a reported basis. In the quarter our effective operating tax rate was 14.7% up 280 basis points year-over-year which was in line with our expectation and reflects the net impact on U.S. Tax Reform that we discussed in our Q4 2017 earnings call. Net interest expense was $3 million down $3 million from the prior year benefiting from the reduced debt levels as part of our capital allocation framework, as well as higher rates of return on investments versus the prior year. Our average share count came in at 78.4 million shares or approximately 2.3 million shares lower in the second quarter of last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. Our non GAAP earnings per diluted share for the second quarter were up 11% to a $95 and compression to earnings of a $76 last year. On a GAAP basis our earnings per share were $98 versus a $63 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non GAAP earnings is attached to the press release as of this morning. Turning to free cash flow capital allocation and our balance sheet, I would like to summarize our second quarter results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations with capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the second quarter of 2018, free cash flow came in at a $44 million after funding $21 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from free cash flow were $47 million for U.S. Tax Reform payments a $15 million payment for litigation settlement and $2 million related to the investment in our Taunton Precision Chemistry Operation. Just as a reminder on the U.S. Tax Reform, we incurred a $550 million GAAP tax expense charge in Q4 of 2017 primarily associated with the transition tax on earnings and profits outside the U.S. This tax liability is expected to be paid over eight years with the first payment of $47 million remitted in this quarter. The lower free cash flow generation in the second quarter as compared to the prior year is impacted by a change in the timing of our current year U.S. estimated tax payments. We anticipate our free cash flow will normalize by the end of the year. Year-to-date 2018, we have converted $0.27 of each dollars up sales into free cash flow. In terms of returns to shareholders in the quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares of our common stock for $271 million. These capital allocation activities, along with our free cash flow resulted in cash and short-term investments of $2.2 billion and debt of $1.1 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter, resulting in a net cash position of $1.1 billion. Accounts receivable, days-sales-outstanding stood at 75 days this quarter which is the same as in the second quarter of last year. In the quarter, inventories increased by approximately 13 million in comparison to the prior year quarter which was in line with typical seasonal pattern. As we look forward to the balance of the year, I would like to comment on our full-year 2018 guidance. Our outlook assume continued global growth and demand from our pharmaceutical end markets, year-over-year growth in our industrial market and consistent growth in our recurring revenues. These dynamics along with the sequential improvements that we saw in our second quarter performance support the full-year 2018 guidance for constant currency sales growth of 4% to 6%. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to increase 2018 sales growth by less than 1% which is the change from our prior 2018 guidance that assumed a benefit of 2% to 3%. Gross margin guidance for the year is unchanged at 58.5% to 59%. Our plan for the full-year is to continue managing operating expense growth at a rate that is below our sales growth rate. moving below the operating line net interest expense is expected to be approximately $14 million this assumes that the debt repaid in the first half of 2018 is not reborrowed during the course of the year. The full-year tax rate tax guidance is unchanged and an effective tax rate of 13% to 15%. Regarding capital allocation our guidance assume a continuance of our share repurchase program at a level that will result in an average diluted share count of about 78.5 million shares outstanding. Rolling all this together on a non GAAP basis full-year 2018 earnings per fully diluted share are projected in the range of $8.05 to $8.20 which is revision from our previous range of $8.10 to $8.30. At current rates, the foreign currency impact on the full-year earnings per share growth is expected to be neutral, which is the change from the prior 2018 guidance that assumed a benefit of about 1%. Looking at the third quarter of 2018, we expect 4% to 6% constant currency sales growth. At today’s rate, currency translation is expected to decrease third quarter sales growth by about 1% to 2%. Combining these top line factors with a moderate increase in expenses, we estimate third quarter non GAAP earnings per diluted share in a range of $85 to $95 which assumes an approximately 3% negative impact in currency translation at current rates. Now I would like to turn the call back to Chris.
Christopher O'Connell: Great. Thank you, Sherry. To recap. After a slower than expected starts to 2018, we were resolved to deliver a solid second quarter and I'm pleased that we delivered 5% revenue growth and 11% earnings per share growth.  We made good progress in the parts of the business that held us back in the first quarter and we benefited from a number of key areas of strength that we will continue to leverage in the back half the year. As such, we expect our constant currency revenue growth for the back half of 2018 to be stronger than the first-half of the year. With that said, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not always able to get to everyone's questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and if you have additional questions, please contact Waters’ investor relations team after the call. Operator. 
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today will be from Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
SteveBeuchaw: Chris first of all I would say thanks for preempting my first question, there at the end of your prepared remarks. I think what people really focus here is the drivers of the confidence and the outlook for the back half. So thanks for after thanks for going that proactively. I wonder if you could, maybe go into even a little bit more detail on just a couple of components there. Number one, is India, can you talk to us in a little bit more granularity on what you are seeing that gives you comfort from the ground level there about who the drivers are for the improved confidence and spending patterns of your customer base there in India. And the second piece of the back half, I would love to get just a little bit more on, is the sales force you mentioned that the sales force, the key positions in that filled people or in their seats, how recently did that happened and how much of an impact that have on 2Q.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thanks Steve for the questions. First of all in India, I guess the way I would characterize it is that the caution that we saw in our first quarter, which is, as we talked last quarter was the final quarter of the year for Indian pharmaceutical companies. The caution that they expressed there is eased gradually over our second quarter, which is there first quarter and in that caution is really around the overall financial year they have had before, plus you know what is continue to be a robust regulatory environment, FDA compliance, et cetera. And we see this caution warm-up gradually over last quarter and we expect it to continue to warm up that, in particular the Pharma sector is firming up, Pharma was really what held us back in Q1 and as I noted in my prepared comments on Pharma turned positive in our second quarter.  And so we do see some pent-up demand building and really are just continue to press forward and stay very focused on what we do to serve our customers. And we do expect that as we get in the back half the year that that improvement will become more pronounced. As it relates to the sales force, like I said the expansion and e-territory activity and in some parts of the sales force were less than open positions during the course of Q1. Those were predominantly filled by the end of Q1. And as those positions have on boarded and gained traction in terms of building our territories they are becoming more productive and we expect that to really pay in the second half of the year. So like I said, before I have the opportunity to be part of a lot of sales force changes over the course of my career and investments and this one in the broad scheme of the world was very modest in terms of the overall scope and I think the team executed well through it and I'm excited about what this team's is going to contribute as we move forward.
Steve Beuchaw: Really appreciate that and then just one quick follow-up. Given some of the commentary in your prepared remarks about maybe somewhat elevated focus on capital deployment to M&A, can you remind us of what your parameters are, what your commitments are, how you think about required returns accretion and then the most appropriate size of the deal that I recall you saying in past years, past quarters that you think about M&A as tactic and not a strategy. Can you just remind us what are you thinking about that. Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thanks Steve happy to comment on that and the first of all, I would completely reinforce my view on M&A, which is that M&A is a tactic it's not an overall strategy for the company for capital deployment, we will be opportunistic in acquiring everything from intellectual property to technologies to talk in type opportunities - a mid to high strategic bar and high financial bar. And nothing has really changed in that regard, so in terms of any additional guidance on financial hurdles you know that's probably not needed, because we retain all of the parameters that we have operated with. That being said, one thing I have had the opportunity to do over the past couple years is to build a corporate development department here at Waters and its lean group, but one that is trying to enhance our focus outside of the Company to make sure that we remain oriented to thinking about growth and innovation from a 360 degree view and I think the team has been very productive. We have had the opportunity to make a few very high impact minority investments in very promising new technologies that fit right squarely in the center of our strategy and then the full acquisition of the DESI technology from Prosolia where we had a partially exclusive position before, now we really have locked up that technology, which we think is one of the most interesting things going on in mass spec imaging. I think those are just examples of our the way we are thinking about it and just trying to make sure that as we strive to deliver on our growth and innovation strategy that we are certainly prioritize organic innovation, but also taking advantage of some really interesting technologies that are out in the marketplace.
Steve Beuchaw: Thanks a lot Chris.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Arias of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
DanielArias: Good morning, thanks. Chris, can you just help us with the overall mass spec growth number for the quarter and then I guess should we expect some meaningful product news later this year at the high end of the market, I know you don’t like the preempt your announcement, but you kind of came in at something last quarter in terms of new high-res systems. Was that a reference to the GCMS announcement ASMS or you know should we sort of think about some things in the second half of the year that we can look for that would be meaningful when you think about the portfolio going forward.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure Dan. I would rather not break out specific growth numbers other than to reinforce what I said that we had quite a slow start to the year mass spec, things definitely picked up in the second quarter. Now where we wanted to be yet, but moving in the right direction and really excited frankly about what we're doing in terms of R&D investment. Mass spec is a huge priority for the Company, particularly as it relates a true system orientation around LC aspect as well as what I talked a little bit more about this morning, which is this sort of wide-open field of direct mass spec, I think as we move into the future, there is going to be more interest in some of these direct ionization techniques and there is a lot of kind of whitespace out there for growth. And we have been assertively investing, we have increased the system orientation of our core mass spec portfolio, which I think is a competitive advantage for Waters and we have also created greater focus around our high resolution mass spec. In terms of the product it's new and coming. Yes the GC mass spec is interesting and new and current, but clearly there is a lot more beyond that. I have talked in the past about our Bio Taft system, which is working its way through development very, very well and then we have a few what we believe to be groundbreaking technologies in high resolution mass spectrometry that will certainly give more visibility as we role into 2019. So stay tuned for that, but the bottom line is that we remain very focused on pushing forward technology, pushing forward system orientation and doing things that we can do uniquely well.
Daniel Arias: Okay. And then maybe just on industrial, can you add a clarification there, I believed you said that food and industrial were soft, but that chemicals was strong and I usually lump chemical into industrial. So I guess how are you thinking, how are you parsing things out there and then what is the growth expectation for the year for industrial in the way that you stated in the press release. 
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. So industrial had a lot of puts and takes of course led by TA which gives me the most comfort in the overall tone of the market. Obviously we are benefiting TA from a really strong product and new product launch cadence right now, but we are also benefiting from what we believe are stable end market factors. Overall in industrial, we did see a sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2 and while there were puts and takes like the ones you mentioned there, we do feel that the overall portfolio of industrial on the waterside is normalizing. You know, there were some tough comps for example, in China and India in particular in Q2 of last year was very, very strong industrial.  There was also dynamic within the environmental business where the EPA had been some pretty big purchasing activity last year where that is not yet recurred in this year and so there is lot of puts and takes. But overall we feel good about the category and expect some of the puts and takes we see in the first part of the year to normalize in the back half of the year, with continued strong TA performance. 
Daniel Arias: Okay. Thanks so much.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is now open. 
Jack Meehan: Thanks, good morning guys. Chris, I was hoping you could start just elaborate on the trends you are seeing here in the United States and you know what you know what was weaker versus what was better across the different end markets.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure happy to Jack. On the U.S. as I mentioned before was a bit slower in the first half and a little bit of a mixed bag and I think that really reflect some of the unique customer mix that we have. I mentioned our biomedical research sector has been slow out of the gate, but is very much a lumpy business. So you know hard to quantify exactly what direction that goes, but Pharma particularly large, large Pharma was a little softer coming out of the chute and certainly offset to a certain degree by biotechnology and generics, but we really remain confident in the overall end market around Pharma and ongoing investments they are making and we're encouraged by quoting activity that we are seeing. And so the tone of a lot of our customers in the U.S. and particularly in Pharma gives us some confidence in the stability of the market and we think it's a very reasonable expectation for a stronger second half, assuming that we get the typical year end purchasing activity and that this point we have no evidence to suggest that won’t be the case. So, again another point that I think is important is the strong service and chemistry performance indicates to us some building in terms of some pent-up demand for instruments in terms of our unique customer mix, but overall, you know, like I said, we are expecting a solid second half of the year. 
Jack Meehan: Great. Thanks for all that and then just a follow-up on the government and academic performance, I know this can be lumpy on a quarterly basis. But obviously 2Q look pretty good, where there any revenue that was in or out of the quarter from a timing perspective and just what is the outlook for the rest of the year there, thanks. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes good point Jack. And yes, it's governmental and academic is a smaller sector of our three and it is lumpy and it was even mixed a little bit within that I mentioned biomedical research was soft, but yet other research applications were strong. Research particular in the part of academics in areas like pharmaceutical discovery, in areas like material sciences, in areas like clinical diagnostics that are more research oriented. So you know there is there is a good quarter there, you know the patterns in that business tend to be a little more cyclical and so you know we are just trying to focus on the things that are going well and try to make sure they are more enduring.
Jack Meehan: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Chris I want to follow-up on your comment a minute ago about the U.S. and you mentioned slower than expected budget release from Pharma. Can you maybe just elaborate has some of that subsequently comes through post quarter and I guess what gives you confidence, it’s a budget release issue and not something else.
Christopher O'Connell: Good question. I would just sort of reiterate what I said, Tycho. We watch this very carefully and in many ways it feels like last year where we saw the same pattern, where we had a slower budget release from our largest Pharma customers in the first half year and that firmed up in the second half of the year. And at this point like I said we don't have any evidence that that's should not headed in that direction again and things that we focus on when understanding the tone of our largest Pharma customers is certainly the service and chemistry and utilization of the technology, which is solid, the quoting activity, which we are encouraged by. And so the tone that we are hearing, we are obviously very close to these customers gives us like I said a reasonable expectation for you know more solid second half and that's what I can see from where I sit right now. 
Tycho Peterson: Okay and then you guys are obviously putting up good numbers in China and that’s kind of consistent with what we have heard from peers about the demand environment. Can you talk to how you think about the back half for the year, the sustainability, you didn’t proactively make any comments on tariffs, so there is nothing we really need to be worry about that either. 
Christopher O'Connell: From a China standpoint, tariffs is really not a factor right now and that’s obviously an evolving picture, but you know at the end of the day we don't export out of China, we import very little directly to China from the U.S. The vast majority of our business into China comes from our global manufacturing supply chain network and so we don't necessarily foresee a large impact on that part of it. But just in general, China is performing well, it appears from everything we can see solid and even in our forecast we are not necessarily assume everything goes perfectly right and you know my impression just from spending a lot of time in China and around Asia generally is just, you know, while it's not always the straight line, the long-term outlook is promising and we have a very diverse business in China its actually the most diverse portfolio we have of any major geographical and market. There is less Pharma weight there, more food and materials weight and there appears to be a really decent amount of balance in the business right now. So our expectations of our China team continue to be high and we are investing to sustain that type of growth in investing to win.
Tycho Peterson: Alright and then just last one, I’m curious about the decision to enter the GC market, obviously you are partnering up with going to OEM, the GC piece of it, but what do you think your advantages in that market or is it just opportunistically pushed into it. 
Christopher O'Connell: You know it’s interesting because the GC-MS market is an important market, where we think there is unmet measurement need if you will unmet technology on the mass spec side and historically and I don't have the full history because I have only been here a few years, but historically we did have quite a bit of presence in that GC-MS field and I think our position faded overtime and the team has been really excited about reasserting that. Particularly applied workflows, in food and material science, large food labs in China and Europe are demanding this technology and we thought it was a very focused way to play it to really be able to hook on to some of the more broadly accepted core GC technology to provide a superior mass spec interface which we think the market needs. And so we definitely see an opportunity there. It’s not the - won’t be the largest product offering in our mass spec portfolio for sure, but we think it's a nice notch and frankly it will help us drive our overall portfolio particularly on the food side.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thanks.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Thanks Tycho.
Operator: Thank you our next question will be from Puneet Souda of Leerink Partners. Your line is now open.
Puneet Souda: Hi Chris. Thanks for taking my question. I have two broader questions maybe one of around first let me say around empower, how would you characterize the Empower strength today in the position that it holds in the market versus a year or two back. Is it strong and sticky as it in the accounts and know I’m asking that in context of the U.S. the decline here and somewhat of a Pharma that looks back half loaded, could you may be characterize what the strength you see in Empower is how is it versus before?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes sure I’m happy to talk about Empower, Empower is a really major competitive advantage for the Company, particularly in Pharma in the most rigorous regulatory compliance environments and the one trend that’s unmistakable for sure is the rising regulatory requirements from our customers and the increased priority our customers have on rigorous data management and compliance, and in that environment the Empower position is only strengthened. Particularly for global companies who are working on the Empower enterprise type network system, and if anything we have seen major customers work to adopt this across their LC platforms and earn, what I call incremental strategic wins, now the reason I say incremental is because we already have a really strong and leading market share we are really in, all of the top 20 or 25 major Pharma accounts in way shape or form and those typically trend towards more enterprise type deployments. Furthermore, we continue to push the technology down that curve where we started with workstations, we have been very oriented around enterprise solutions and now we are increasingly migrating towards the cloud. So really we are continuing to invest in our next generation chromatography data systems, I personally had a chance to review a lot of that work. I'm excited about taking the strength further and we obviously want to see many more companies besides the enterprise customers continue to behave in that way and we think for that reason there is runway.
Puneet Souda: Okay, thanks for that. And the second one I have is around the recent retirement and management changes, I wanted to get a higher view from you, your vision, your long-term strategy. So we have seen 15 to 30 years tenures of senior leadership at waters, but recently I mean Rohit Khanna, SVP, Applied Technologies, he was there for 30 years, I believe he retired, David Terricciano, who is the Head of Global Operations. I believe he has also taken retirement and Ian King is approaching close to 35 years, he has been excellent at technology and new product introductions. So my question here is, how are you thinking about the next round of leadership, should we expect them to rise from within the Company as traditionally been the case, or should we expect maybe potentially outside of the LC-MS business, just wanted to get your views there? Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, well thank you for the question. Because certainly investing in our organization in a very broad and deep and diverse management team is the very top priority of mine, I spent an awful lot of my time on this and you mentioned some outstanding people. Our current executive team is a very strong balance between deep, credible, proven industry experience with sprinkling in of some fresh perspectives, which is exactly the way you want the management team to look. Some of the retirements you mentioned were sort of long planned retirements both on those individuals parts as well as our part. We had robust succession plans for all of them, you mentioned Ian, he is the head of our product development organization and doing a fantastic job and we continue to leverage that expertise. But one thing that's been a real joy for me coming into the Company is getting to know management at the next level and employees throughout. I have brought in a really a transformational talent review, organizational development process that has substantially increased the rigor and development and investment in our top talent. I have even personally designed and teach a three day leadership course to our top up-and-coming people and all of our management is involved in that process in furthermore leading in developing teaching others. I couldn't be more excited about the talent pool of waters and you do see the tenure and the depth of expertise at many levels and we are increasingly tapping into that as leadership community. So I could go on and on other than to say I just want to express confidence in what we are doing and I do expect that as any organization evolves overtime that we have a very strong and increasingly strong bench that were developing from within and then opportunistically supplementing that with the new skill sets and new perspectives from the outside where wanted. So it’s a great equation.
Puneet Souda: Okay. Thanks Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Brandon Couillard of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Good morning. Sherry a couple of housekeeping items for you. First, could you talk through the impact of currency in the second quarter on the gross operating margin lines as well as EPS than when you alluded to free cash flow normalizing by the end of the year. What exactly that means that we return to growth or the referring to more like the cash flow conversion metric.
Sherry Buck: Sure, yes. So your first side of question about the FX dynamics in this quarter, maybe just recapping for the top line, the Euro and the Yen is really what drove kind of the FX of 2% on the top line and we saw that favorability flow through the gross margin, we had probably a slight positive impact on the gross margin. But the dynamic that happened in the second quarter because of our Euro and pound and particularly that our cost base that we have in the pound that impacted our operating expense. So that kind of flowed through on our operating expenses as a headwind on our operating expense line. So we have guided on the EPS, we thought it would be $0.01 positive and we ended up a little bit more positive than that. As far as the cash flow normalizing, I would say it would be more of a return to growth and we like to look at our cash flow conversion, at $0.27 for the half, we also probably see that improving by really returning to growth. The second quarter was really a dynamic of timing of our estimated tax payments of the results of the U.S Tax Reform. Our balance sheet and working capital are in good position.
Brandon Couillard: What exactly did the $15 million litigation settlement payment relate to.
Sherry Buck: We have some ongoing litigation and we have disclosed in our queue that that had gotten settled. So we got that settled and paid in the quarter.
Brandon Couillard: Alright, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: Hi good morning. I just want to start with two follow-ups on some earlier questions and then come back with a buyback question. So on the follow-up first, in the first quarter you noted that India represented a - what you call about a 3% year-over-year headwind to total pharmaceutical growth, which I believe implies that this was about an $8 million to $9 million revenue headwind, with that in mind how much of the Q2 strength you saw in India specific to Pharma, was a function of improvement in demand versus just a recap for revenue you didn't get in Q1? And the second follow-up is recognizing U.S. revenue declined 2% year-over-year, and that this was against down to 2% to 2.5% comparison from last year, do you expect U.S. to grow in the second half given you are going to face tougher comparisons then you did in the first half where you actually you know maybe struggled relative to expectations?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks Doug. I think for the most part I would just say in India, just a follow-up on those questions. The Q2 kind of incremental strength we saw in Pharma was probably some combination of a little bit of pent-up demand plus just a warmed up purchasing tone of the customers as I mentioned. And Pharma was positive in Q2, is certainly not where we wanted it to be in India or where we expected to be in the back half of the year, and I guess looking at the big picture it doesn't necessarily surprise us that as we sort of anticipated when we were on the call last quarter that it would sort of build over the course of the rest of the year. So that's moving along as we expected it to. Relative to the U.S. I think it's a fairly simple answer to your question, which is, yes, we do expect the U.S. to grow in the back half of the year, and that is just based on as I mentioned earlier reasonable expectation for typical year end purchasing activity in somewhat of a pattern that we saw last year. So we are just focused on the basics there and making sure that we understand the tone of our customers that were quoting activity and how we translate that into their deployment of their budgets, which have been conservative in the first part of this year as I mentioned.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, thank you for that. Then on buybacks last quarter you noted your share count guidance for the year assumes $800 million in buybacks you are on pace for 1.1 billion in total buybacks just annualizing what you have done thus far, given the significant authorization last quarter is there any reason you don’t continue to buy back shares at the current pace of around $270 million to $280 million per quarter?
Sherry Buck: Yes Doug. You know so far through the first half your numbers there we have had about 550 million and I would say we could maintain that through the second half and we will evaluate that over the course of the coming months.
Doug Schenkel: Okay thanks Chris, thanks Sherry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Catherine Schulte of Baird. Your line is open.
Catherine Schulte: Hey guys, thanks for the questions. Chris when you look at Water’s branded instrument, what do you think the most important factors will be in order to get that piece of the business back to mid single digit growth and how long do you think that takes?
Christopher O'Connell: Now it’s a fair question and certainly it is a portfolio effect, obviously we need to continue to step forward in our progress we are making in mass spec and continue to leverage the strength of our tandem quad portfolio in that regard. While also competing well on the high-resolution side as we continue to invest for the future and you on the LC side, there are other flows in the LC business. We have a fantastic portfolio and feel better about our portfolio now probably than anytime over the past few years. Given some of the refresh we have done there. I mentioned the acuity ARC is done well, but now we have acuity ARC bio the acuity plus which brings in a whole new set of capabilities to our core UPLC platforms, you know when and really, if you look at the broader trends in just a standalone LC business the first half as a whole. U.S. LC was more like a mid-single-digit grower with worldwide being in that same range and so. You know it's really matter of making that the whole portfolio work and leveraging the benefit of some of the newer technology we have and continue to meet the needs of our customers, but we certainly have an expectation as well as set goals to make sure that that overall portfolio of Waters branded instrument performs at the levels we expect.
Catherine Schulte: Great thank you and then Sherry can you just give us a bridge for the EPS guidance change, sounds like $0.7 or $0.8 of what’s favorable FX but any other change assumptions there?
Sherry Buck: You hit that one on that, so our guidance changed we lowered the midpoint of about [7%] (Ph) and its really because of the change in our FX for the second half of the year and really our approach assumptions for the guide can remain unchanged.
Catherine Schulte: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Derik de Bruin of Bank of America Merrily Lynch. Your line is now open. 
Derik de Bruin: So first one is the DESI technologies has been around for a while and obviously it’s been partnered with some other companies. I’m just curious as to why you doing that acquisition now and then just in terms of can you give us some metrics in terms of what M&A is going to contribute to your constant currency growth in 2018.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, just a couple of additional comments on DESI this technology has been around for sure. It's been in semi or co-exclusive type of an arrangement with other partners, and frankly, we see a huge opportunity to personally within Waters develop the technology to make it even more robust usable and widespread for mass spec imaging. And frankly, we see a significant pull from our customers to one of the key sources of differentiation in some of our high-end systems and I think we were held back probably from doing all we can with the technology in that type of model. There is obviously a transition period in their relative to other technologies, we want to support our customers as they evolve to the next generation of waters driven to the technology and having full control over the technology was a really critical step in doing that. I think it's also reflective of our belief in the direct mass spec technology category mass spec imaging as part of that and in the really interesting technology portfolio we have, we just see more and more direct sample mass spec applications coming for all the reasons I mentioned and want to control our destiny even more significantly. As it relates to M&A metrics and that organic growth there is very little of that in the business and even on the DESI side, it's completely immaterial at this point. So really the growth we are getting this year is truly organically driven.
Derik de Bruin: Great and then just one follow-up. So obviously the dollars has been moving quite a bit and getting stronger and I know previously there is been some issues with your [Indian] (Ph) customers losing purchasing power and obviously things moving around and currently even China. I’m curious have you seen any sort of hesitation when people buy because of their budgets and then also is there any sort of indication that the trade issues that are going on are baleen over into maybe some of the OUS competitors like Shimadzu may be gain a little more business? Thanks.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, thanks. I don’t know I think that’s a really interesting question Derik, and one we just really don't know, I personally don't see any evidence that trade or tariff or currency, associated currency issues that we all watch very carefully have changed purchasing behavior, certainly in India the dynamics we have seen have been much more related to the specific kind of customer and country issues in India around some of the broader economy reforms. China we really haven't seen any affect there; obviously there is a lot of unknowns out there relative to trade more broadly. I guess personally, the way I look at that as I just try to understand it and if there are any threats, but very much remains kind of a free trader in terms of my mentality and offer my voice to that where I can and hopefully a lot of the rhetoric that’s going on right now is really a negotiation that ultimately restores and affirms the sort of inexorable globalization of our economies and enables free and fair trade. So again, no direct evidence that there is issues that get in the way of our normal commercial activities, but we will obviously stay focused on that question. I think in the extra time here, we have one more - time for one more question.
Operator: Yes, thank you. Our final question will be from Patrick Donnelly of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Patrick Donnelly: Great. Thanks for sneaking me in that Chris. Just on the sales force realignment I know you mentioned positions were mostly filled by the end of 1Q. Can you just kind of talk through what historically has been the timing, kind of ramp up the productivity there, and have you seen the territories bounce back once positions have been filled over the last three or four months?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. And I appreciate the question and like I said last quarter, we tried to just be extremely transparent about what is going on here, but I would continue to reinforce that this is a very small impact in terms of the overall results, it is a relatively minor set of changes and obviously there is a difference when you hire new people when you are hiring kind of fresh inexperienced reps in the company that have a big upside, but have a longer curve versus competitive and experienced reps and we do have a mix there. So I don't want to put too fine a point on that other than to say that this is normal course of business and we feel good about the modifications we made overtime and it’s all about investing in our team to win in a changing environment. So I will just leave it at that.
Patrick Donnelly: And then maybe just a quick run on the P&L margins came in a little ahead of our expectations. Could you just talk through any key initiatives driving expansion there, I mean even in a lower growth environment relative to where you guys have been historically driving some nice expansion so I’m just kind of curious what the key levers there are and how you are feeling going forward?
Christopher O'Connell: Just a quick comment and then I will let Sherry comment as well but one of our key parts of our value creation framework is continuous operational improvement and since Sherry has come in we put together a comprehensive program to scale the Company and drive efficiencies in all parts of the P&L, everything from how we design products and manage our cost of goods and non-product costs all the way through G&A and you know selling and marketing type expenses. And really a lot of that is being done to preserve and enhance her overall commitment to our growth investments in R&D and sales force expansion. So, you know I don’t want to put too much detail on right now. We look forward to sharing more overtime, but we are really developing a comprehensive program in that regard and are excited about what it will do to help us to continue to grow scale invest in the Company.
Sherry Buck: And the only thing I would just add for the quarter, we did see some favorable mix in the quarter that impacted that and a little bit of that FX as well.
Christopher O'Connell:
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Sherry and I think we will turn to the ramp up here and wanted to say thank you all for your great questions as always. In conclusion here at Waters. We remain focused on delivering our growth plans for 2018, headlined by an acceleration in the back half the year within our pharmaceutical market, continued growth in TA and broad based growth in China, we believe that market conditions and our strong competitive position support continuing success. So on behalf of our entire management team I would like to thank you for your continued support and interest in waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q3 2018 call, which we currently anticipate holding on October 23, 2018. Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: We thank you on your participation in today’s conference. That will conclude the call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Bryan Brokmeier – Senior Director-Investor Relations Chris O'Connell – Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Sherry Buck – Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan Dan Leonard – Deutsche Bank Ross Muken – Evercore ISI Amanda Murphy – William Blair Puneet Souda – Leerink Partners Derik De Bruin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Schenkel – Cowen Dan Arias – Citi Research Jack Meehan – Barclays Steve Beuchaw – Morgan Stanley Patrick Donnelly – Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Bryan Brokmeier, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Bryan Brokmeier: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the second quarter and full year 2018. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 24, 2018. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted non-GAAP financials included in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges, given on today's call are given on a comparable constant-currency basis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Waters' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Chris O'Connell: Thanks, Bryan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Along with Bryan Brokmeier joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters’ Chief Financial Officer. During today's call I will provide an overview of our Q1 operating results as well as some broader commentary on our business. Sherry will then review our financial results in detail and provide an update on our Q2 and full year 2018 financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. Briefly reviewing our financial highlights for the first quarter revenues grew 2% and adjusted earnings per share grew 9%. We were disappointed with our first quarter revenue results which were weaker than we had expected due to two main factors, under performance within our mass spectrometry product line and a very soft market in India as we close the quarter. The weak performance of the mass spec product line was attributable to an unusually sluggish start in biomedical research, particularly high resolution mass spec in the OMEX area. Combined with temporary disruption from territory realignment within our U.S. mass spec sales team made as part of an ongoing growth initiative. As a reminder our sales of high end mass spec products in the biomedical research market is a small part of our business and prone to variability quarter-to-quarter. Furthermore, the sales force realignment is now complete, new positions have been filled by high quality professionals and we have begun to establish a strong order pipeline giving us confidence in a mass spec reacceleration. In India, our customers delayed purchases in Q1 as they focused on protecting their balance sheets and P&Ls in their final fiscal quarter of what turned out to be a difficult year for them, particularly caused by the GST implementation. As a reminder the vast majority of Indian multinationals complete their fiscal years in March. Based on order visibility and the overall positive tone of our Indian pharmaceutical customers, we anticipate that India will improve in the current quarter and normalize in the second half of 2018. On the positive side, sales to our pharmaceutical customers outside of India saw continued strength. As did sales of our TA product line and China had a solid start. Furthermore, we ended the quarter with a strong pipeline and remain confident in our business outlook. I'll provide more color on that in a moment. Looking briefly in the P&L, we were pleased with the solid earnings results despite the weaker than expected top line growth. While investing in growth through organic innovation we demonstrated disciplined operating expense control that drove margin expansion and enabled us to exceed our planned earnings per share. Now taking a closer look at the business starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level, sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category grew 3% in the quarter. Excluding India, sales to the pharmaceutical market were up 6% with double digit growth in China and mid-single-digit growth in the developed markets, indicating the continued health of our core business. Sales to our worldwide industrial category, which includes the materials characterization, food, environmental and fine chemical markets, were down 3% in the quarter. The decline was most notable in mass spec sales to chemical food environmental customers due in part to territory realignments mentioned before. Sales growth within TA continued the strong momentum seen last year growing at 6% and giving us confidence in the positive outlook for our industrial category as volume in our thermal and reality product lines has been our best proxy for industrial end market demand. We continue to be excited about our product positions and pipeline, as well as the breadth of opportunity across materials characterization, food safety and environmental applications. Looking at our governmental and academic category, we saw sales grew by 7% in Q1, with strong growth in China, driven by food research applications, partly offset by weakness from biomedical research customers in the developed markets. Next I will review our sales performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia, our largest region in terms of revenue, was flat in the first quarter as weakness in India offset high-single-digit growth in China, despite a greater than 20% comp in the prior year’s quarter. China is off to a solid start this year and met our expectations during the quarter. Turning to the Americas, overall sales grew 4% in the quarter. While sales within the U.S. grew 5%. Sales growth trends in the U.S. continue to improve with strength in TA Instruments, as well as solid growth in pharma, partially offset by weakness in biomedical research markets. In Europe, sales were up 2% in the quarter. Industrial, as well as academic and government were a drag on the region while European pharmaceutical demand remained robust. We saw strength in large molecule applications where we are well positioned with our targeted LCMS and biopharmaceutical analytical solutions. We also saw a strong service revenue from our large and growing base of installed systems. Finally, I’ll review product line dynamics within our waters and TA brands. Waters branded instrument sales were down 4% in the quarter, driven by the previously mentioned mass spec weakness. On the other hand, we were pleased with our sales of chromatography instruments. Within LC I would like to highlight two meaningful recent product launches that give us confidence in ongoing strength. Early in the quarter we introduced the ACQUITY Arc Bio System, a versatile LC system that is specifically geared to GLP/GMP laboratories for routine use with large molecule drugs. The ACQUITY Arc Bio allows customers to experience true plug-and-play HPLC and UHPLC bio separations and modernize existing legacy methods. Early response to the system has been very positive. Additionally, earlier this month, Waters introduced ACQUITY UPLC PLUS series, a series of three new ACQUITY systems with unparalleled, flexibility, performance and ease of use ideal for complex sample characterization in research and development through roofing product release testing these systems offer a two-fold to four-fold improvement in carry over performance resulting in improved sensitivity and characterization of samples. Waters branded recurring revenues, which reflect the combination of service and precision chemistries and represent approximately 50% of the business’ total sales grew 6% in the quarter. Recurring revenues were driven by global strengthen in our service sample prep and application kits and various other complete chemistry offerings. Turning to our TA product line, sales increased 6% in the quarter. Instrument sales for TA increased 6% as well and service sales increased 5%. There was broad based sales growth across our key thermal, microcalorimeter and electroforce product lines. In particular, growth within our Discovery line of thermal analyzers has been very strong. Our new DMA 850, the newest product in the Discovery series is easier to use and raises the bar in performance, offering a 100-fold improvement in displacement resolution. Looking ahead we continue to see opportunities to capitalize on the market trend of rising innovation in highly engineered, high performance materials. In summary, we delivered on the EPS line in Q1, but clearly had a weaker start to 2018, than we expected on the revenue line. We fully understand the factors that led to the Q1 shortfall in revenue versus our expectations, believe they were transients in nature and maintain a positive growth outlook for the remainder of the year. Our key growth drivers remain intact, including global pharma demand, China market strength and an overall robust business model that include consistent recurring revenues. We expect these factors to support solid growth in 2018. As always we remain steadfast we focus on executing our five point value creation model. As we have previously communicated we aim to create shareholder value by first, holding a focused and highly differentiated leadership position in structurally attractive markets; second, executing a clear growth strategy, driven by organic innovation; three, seeking opportunity for continuous operational improvement; fourth being a disciplined capital allocator; and fifth, operating with a performance-oriented culture and management team. I would like to make a few incremental comments related to capital allocation. We prioritize our capital allocation in three buckets, number one, invest in the business; number two, maintain our balance sheet, strength and flexibility; and number three, return capital to shareholders. Now with access to our global cash and substantially increased financial capacity following U.S. tax reform, we see opportunities in all three of these capital allocation buckets. In line with our first priority of investing in the business, we had another quarter of robust R&D investment. And we recently announced a $215 million capital investment to transform our strategically differentiated precision chemistry operation in Taunton, Massachusetts. This investment will create even more impactful precision chemistry center of excellence that will enable us to serve the strong growth in customer demand that we expect, enhance our chemistry innovation capability and support ongoing operational efficiency gains. With respect to returning capital to shareholders, as communicated in our earnings press release today, our Board of Directors has authorized an additional $3 billion share repurchase program targeted to be completed over a three-year period. As previously noted, this is incremental to the remaining $526 million in our prior program authorization. As you are well aware we have a long-term, well-established, share repurchase program in place which has created significant value for our shareholders. We believe this new authorization underscores our commitment to returning capital to our shareholders in a disciplined fashion, while maintaining a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. Sherry will provide further details relating to capital allocation in her comments. And with that I'd like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of our first quarter financials. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris. And good morning everyone. In the first quarter we recorded net sales at $531 million, an increase of approximately 2% before currency translation. Currency translation increased sales growth by approximately 5% resulting in 7% sales growth as reported. In the quarter sales into our pharmaceutical markets grew 3%, sales into our industrial markets declined 3% and sales to academic and governmental customers grew 7%. Looking at our product line growth our recurring revenue which represents the combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue grew 6% in the quarter and was partially offset by a 2% decline in instrument sales. As we noted last quarter, recurring sales were impacted by one last calendar day in the quarter which resulted in a slight reduction in service revenue sales. Looking ahead there's no year-over-year difference in the number of calendar days during the second or third quarters, but there is one additional calendar day in the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to 2017. Breaking products sales down further, sales related to Waters branded products and services grew 1%, while sales of TA branded products grew 6%. Combined LC and LCMS instrument platform sales decreased by 4%. And TA’s instrumentation system sales grew 6%. As Chris already shared we are encouraged by the strong start in TA instruments as we saw the benefits of new product introductions and positive industry dynamics. Our total recurring revenues associated with both waters and TA products grew by 6%. Looking at our growth rates in the first quarter geographically and before currency translation, sales in the Americas were up 4%, with sales in the U.S. up 5%. European sales were up 2% and sales in Asia were flat with sales in China up 7%. Now I'd like to comment on a first quarter non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margin for the quarter was 58.3% versus 57.6% and the first quarter of 2017, in line with our expectations. Moving down the first quarter P&L, operating expenses were up approximately 1% on a constant currency basis. And foreign currency translation increased operating expense growth by approximately 7% on a reported basis. In the quarter our effective operating tax rate was 11%, up 180 basis points year-over-year, which was better than expected, due to the timing of discrete items in the quarter. Net interest expense was $4.2 million, down $1.2 million from the prior year as a result of debt repayments in the quarter as part of our capital allocation framework. Our average share count came in at 79.7 million shares or approximately 1.1 million shares lower than in the first quarter of last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share for the first quarter were up to 9% to a $1.59 in comparison to earnings of a $1.46 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were a $1.40 versus a $1.31 last year. A reconciliation at our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release issued this morning. Turning to free cash flow, capital allocation and our balance sheet, I'd like to summarize our Q1 results and activities. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the first quarter of 2018 free cash flow came in at $160 million after funding $16 million of capital expenditures. This represents a strong start to the year as we were able to convert $0.30 of free cash flow from each dollar of sales. Consistent with our capital allocation priorities, beginning with investing for growth, we announced a significant $215 million investment in our precision chemistry operation in Taunton. The cash outflows will be spread over the five-year project with approximately $30 million of capital expenditures expected in 2018. We remain focused on a strong and flexible balance sheet as part of our capital allocation framework. As a result of U.S. tax reform we now have access to our cash outside of the U.S. which was $3.4 million at December 31, 2017. We've utilized a portion of that balance to pay down our bank revolver and a maturing note by $750 million which drove the reduction in our interest expense in Q1 versus the prior year. In terms of returns to shareholders in the quarter, we repurchased 1.3 million shares of our common stock for $275 million. These capital allocation activities, along with our free cash flow resulted in cash and short term investment of $2.6 billion and debt of $1.3 billion on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter resulting in net and a net cash position of $1.3 billion. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 85 days this quarter which was comparable to the first quarter of last year. In the quarter inventories increased by $30 million in comparison to the prior quarter but just in line with typical seasonal patterns. As we look forward to the balance of the year, I'd like to comment on our full year 2018 guidance. Our outlook assumes continued global growth and demand from a pharmaceutical end markets, year-over-year growth in our industrial markets and consistent growth in our recurring revenue. These dynamics, along with our first quarter performance support full year 2018 guidance for constant currency sales growth in the mid-single-digit range, which we define as 4% to 6% unchanged from our previous guidance. At current rates currency translation is assumed increase 2018 sales growth by approximately 2% to 3%. Gross margin guidance for the year is unchanged at 58.5% to 59%. Our plan for the full year is to continue managing operating expense growth at a rate that is below our sales growth rate. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $15 million. This assumes that the debt repaid in the first quarter is not re-borrowed during the course of the year. Our full year tax rate guidance is unchanged and an effective tax rate of 13% to 15%. Regarding capital allocation, we plan to allocate approximately $800 million to share repurchases during 2018 reflecting a significant increase in share repurchases versus the prior year of approximately 50% of adjusted free cash flow to greater than 100%. This will result in an average diluted share count of about 78.5 million shares outstanding, which is consistent with our January 2018 guidance. The additional $3 billion authorization and the remaining $526 million, which Chris discussed earlier is to be completed over a three-year period. Use of the additional $3 billion authorization is not contemplated in our full year EPS guidance. Rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP full year 2018 earnings per fully diluted share projected in the range of $8.10 to $8.30, revised from a previous range of $8 to $8.25. At current rates the favorable foreign currency impact on full year earnings per share growth is expected to be approximately 1%. Looking at the second quarter of 2018, we expect 4% to 6% sales growth. At today's rates currency translation is expected to increase second quarter sales growth by approximately 2% to 3%. Combining these top line factors with our moderate increase in expenses, we estimate second quarter earnings per fully diluted share in the range of a $1.85 to a $1.95 with an approximately 1% positive impact from foreign currency translation at current rate. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Chris. Chris?
Chris O'Connell: Great, thank you Sherry. As we move through 2018 we will continue to emphasize execution across our businesses. As I stated before, while we delivered on the earnings line, we did not meet our top line expectations in Q1. We understand the causes are addressing them now and our key business drivers provide us with confidence in our outlook for the remainder of the year and for the long-term. With that we will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not able to always get everyone’s questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact the Waters Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, can we have the first question.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we are ready to being the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] One moment please for our first question. Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Tycho Peterson: Hey thanks. Chris, I wanted to start, as you might not be surprised with mass spec weakness. I assume will be people kind of honing on that. I guess can, you get us comfortable that this was really due the territory realignment and not a competitive issue or demand side issue? And maybe can you just talk to what drove the salesforce alignment in the first place?
Chris O'Connell: Sure yes, I know. Tycho thanks for the question. As you know the mass spec business is traditionally lumpy for us and particularly in the first quarter of the year. So let's keep the context of the first quarter. And speaking directly to the territory realignment we have done a lot of interesting work on enhancing our growth strategies. And in the U.S. and in Western Europe as well we've made some very important changes that will help the business, we've added positions. And I honestly say that some of that process took a little longer through the quarter and impacted the quarter a little bit more than we expected. It's behind us now and we do expect improvement. We are not assuming an immediate bounce back, but we're certainly assuming an improvement. As it relates to our position in mass spec, we feel really good about our product position in the core tandem quad area. As you know the Xevo TQ-XS is a relatively new product in the market that's making a lot of progress across different research applications including bio analysis. We've got strength with our TQ-S micro with a very accessible simple tandem quad and the TQD, we have strength of the single quad categories well with the QDa. I think in the area of high resolution mass spec, we have a good solid platform, but we also have a lot of exciting new technology coming to that field. So we feel good about our pipeline, as well. And again I think we just saw in the quarter a little more accentuated lumpiness particularly in a couple of key end markets like biomedical research and we saw that primarily in the U.S. market. And that combined with some of the earlier disruption on territory realignment kind of compounded to create that difference. So again we're looking at the rest of the year, we're looking at the core demand that we see really in all markets in a good product portfolio and are confident that we'll see recovery there.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, and then for the follow-up industrial obviously TA did well. Industrial overall still got a bit here. Can you maybe just talk about where you're feeling better exiting the quarter and any commentary on how things have trended in April on the industrial side?
Chris O'Connell: Yes I mean industrial was a little slow off to start as you pointed out a small decline. Keep in mind we had a 9% comp in prior year industrial. I'd say interestingly in industrial one of the main culprits was China. Industrial was a little bit lumpy there we had a very strong quarter in China Pharma which is really our core. But as we looked at a couple of geographies in particular partially affected by some of that mass spec commentary, some of the miscellaneous areas were a little weak in industrial. But as you sort of point out TA Instruments it’s really our best proxy for the industrial market category and TA was rock solid across the board really every geography in a broad participation of product lines from thermal, to reality, to microcalorimeter and even electroforce. And really give us that confidence that the industrial end markets are promising for the year. That's certainly backed up by a lot of the macro economic data that we see. And so we have high expectations for our industrial category over the balance of the year.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
Chris O'Connell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open you may ask your question.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So first off given the Q2 guide, it looks like you're expecting about a 6% organic revenue growth rate in the back half of the year to hit the low end of the 40% range for the total year. So curious if you could elaborate on the visibility towards that, especially given that some of the back half comps are rather challenging in some of your markets?
Chris O'Connell: Yes maybe I'll make a quick comment Dan and then Sherry can certainly add to comment on guidance. But as traditionally we see early in the year we do plan for balance across our markets, our geographies and our product lines. At this point in the year we still see a decent balance between pharma and industrial and some of the research categories. Certainly from a geography standpoint we feel the U.S. is in better shape heading into the year than it was a year ago with continued positive outlook for big geographies like China and Europe. Obviously we've talked about India. I think the India – the last year in India is easier to see in retrospect especially the dynamic at the end of the March fiscal year. And so we're confident in the India situation recovering. So I think we're looking at pretty decent conditions from an assumption standpoint. But as always I'll also comment that we don't assume that everything goes right in making our assumptions. We try to put a plan together that seeks to balance the changes and assumptions that inevitably occur over the course of the year. And so our models for the year do not indicate a best case scenario, it really is a balanced scenario like we always try to do coming into a year. Sherry, you want to add to that? 
Sherry Buck: Yes so just building off of that our revenue guidance is the 46% and the FX is expected to be positive about 2% to 3%, might take an opportunity to talk about the EPS. We’ve raised it at the midpoint, the factors going into that were upbeat Q1, some improvement in FX and interest and remaining constant on our full year tax rate guidance. We had some favorability from discrete items in the quarter but expect that to normalize. So those are the factors that go into the EPS guidance.
Dan Leonard: Yes I appreciate that. And then for my follow-up, I was hoping you could elaborate a bit more on India. How much of the year end dynamic here do you think was related to GST, versus maybe some price declines in the generics markets or any other factors that you could flag?
Chris O'Connell: Sure happy to comment further on India. I would say that we didn't fully anticipate the kind of end of year buying behavior of these companies after the year they've been through. We did mention GST, we talked a lot about that last year. I think we really felt that the bulk of that hit in our third quarter last year which would have been India’s second quarter. And we did see some improvement in Q4. There were also other things going on in the Indian economy such as demonetization and other regulation changes. And really at the end of the year a lot of the multinational Indian customers which represent the vast majority of our customer base were cautious and they pushed business into the year we just started. They were cautious because they were protecting their balance sheets and P&Ls like you might expect. I was actually in India about three or four weeks ago, personally. And what I can tell you from my visit is that the order pipeline was solid. We did have a little bit of a backlog build in India as a result of this dynamic which gives me some confidence. And I think the overall tone of the customers was positive. I spent a full day in Hyderabad visiting pharmaceutical customers of all types. I met with three CEOs of Indian pharmaceutical customers. And I can tell you that market continues to invest, that market continues to compete for the largest share of the worldwide generic drug market. And as you know India historically has not always been on a straight line and sometimes there were fits and starts. And I think that’s what we've seen with a little bigger accentuation given that the end of year dynamics. So overall our outlook for India is positive. We're confident in our team. Like with the mass spec point earlier we're not actually assuming it all bounces back immediately. We expect improvement in the current quarter and then continuing improvement upon that. So I think we've taken a balanced outlook, but I think have a very good handle on the Indian dynamic, but it definitely was a pothole in the quarter.
Dan Leonard: Appreciate all that color. Thanks Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Ross Muken: I just want to pulling in again just on Q2. So if we just do the walk from Q1 to Q2 obviously it seems like on the capital equipment side is still being priorities [ph] declining. Can you kind of confirm that because that’s the only way I could see you guys getting to sort of 2% to 3% growth? And then is there a way you can size kind of the level of disruption of the mass spec just because it feels like relevant to the size of that business overall and sort of first half growth we're going to see from this business which is kind of below, yes well below the mid singles we’re used to. It's got to be a pretty decent up the delta versus just India or some of the other parts that seem a bit maybe off from what was originally anticipated? And because we imply again to Dan’s question the implied back half around has to that on the instrument side just given the comps. And so I'm just trying to figure out all of that math.
Chris O'Connell: Yes Ross maybe I'll make a – try to make a general comment. Again we don't want to really break out everything in excruciating detail because very well that this business is hard to look at on a one quarter basis and I wouldn't want to over extrapolate one quarter. You really have to look at it over a rolling basis. But if you look at it the midst to our expectations and I won't perfectly quantify it, but I look at – what the way I look at it is we have a certain expectation for our business. And what I'm focused on is where the delta was relative to our expectations and that's why I highlighted mass spec in India. About three quarters of the miss in our expectations related to the mass spec category just to give you a little bit a feel. And we think the reasons within that category are very explainable, very understandable, very addressable. As you know also that Q1 is our smallest quarter and tends to be more variable. On the mass spec side we have 80% of the year remaining. And we typically see investments particular in mass spec really balanced over the course of the year that's the dynamic we saw last year and what we're planning on for the rest of this year.
Ross Muken: And in terms of just the ordering dynamic over the balance of the quarter into Q2, can you give us a little bit of color there because again it just – I think I'm just getting a good sense as I’m not the only one a little bit confused on sort of the cadence. I mean how much conservatism is built into that sort of Q2 number because it doesn't feel like there's much implied that comes back versus the back half where you've certainly got more of a ramp. So – is it the order rate you're seeing that's not coming through yet and so you're being more conservative, or is it just given what happened in Q1 you’d prefer not to sort of set expectations for Q2 that are overly aggressive just given you still have some uncertainty on India and few of the other part?
Chris O'Connell: I don't know there might be a little bit of – that interpretation might be a little bit conservative. And the way I'd say it is if we had a gap in Q1, we're expecting kind of an equal part recovery of that gap over the course of the year. We've not assumed to your point an immediate snap back, but we're also not pushing it all to the back half of the year either. We do expect improvement and to make up some of our gap from Q1 in Q2 and we expect kind of a relatively equal proportion of that make up over the course of the year. We – giving us confidence in making that statement include some of the things I've said around these specific issues that held us back in Q1, as well as a reasonable order pipeline heading into the quarter. We don't want to quantify our backlog per our usual practice, but we do a good about our order pipeline heading into the quarter.
Ross Muken: And just to be clear, just to triple check, the 2Q organic guide is 2% to 3%, correct, not 4% to 6%? Because I think what Sherry said that it was sort of not obvious to us, a number of us if that was reported organic.
Sherry Buck: Yes just to clarify that our guidance is 4% to 6% constant currency growth and we expect FX to have an impact of 2% to 3%.
Ross Muken: Okay, well that changes things. So that's a huge clarification. I'm glad I checked, then done the ramp in the back half makes more sense, because I think a number of us were assuming it was 4% to 6% reported and then less the FX, so that makes it a lot more helpful. Alright, thank you so much for that clarification.
Chris O'Connell: Yes and I hope and that makes the comments about how we expect to build over the year to be pretty steady how that will…
Ross Muken: Yes because you could see without that otherwise it looks like a hockey stick, right. Thank you.
Chris O'Connell: Yes it’s sort of a hockey stick.
Ross Muken: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amanda Murphy with William Blair. Your line is open, you may ask your question. Amanda your line is open go ahead with your question.
Amanda Murphy: My apologies, can you hear me now? Sorry about that. I just had a quick question on the recurring side of the business. So obviously it's still a pretty good number with the 6%, I think, you said. And if you look historically that number has reached kind of high-single-digits at some point and obviously you’ve talked about demand between transitioning to UPLC and attach rates there. So just hoping to get some clarity around how you expect recurring sales fuel trend over time and is there anything specific in this quarter to keep in mind that's related to the 6% growth rate number?
Chris O'Connell: No Amanda I think to be recurring revenues by a large met our expectations. Sherry did mention, there was one fewer selling day in the quarter which is a small matter but some service plans are booked by selling day, that you has a tiny effect. Really we feel very good about our service business in terms of the rising attach rates of service plan contracts continued contribution of our professional services line. And then from a consumable standpoint does to your point as we continue to see UPLC find its way into more and more applications. We do operate with higher margin chemistries and higher attach rates. So we feel that that like we've seen in history that the recurring side of the business should grow at or slightly ahead of the rate of the corporate average.
Amanda Murphy: Okay, and just one more on this sales force realignment I know you said about this earlier a bit but, I still need to get a little more clarity there in terms of kind of what drove that you talked about that is that sort of is that – are you kind of complete with that process and thinking about doing that in other areas of the business?
Chris O'Connell: I don’t know that I have a lot more to add it's very much a routine process in building our sales force in terms of both expanding it as well as giving us more end customer specific capabilities. We were really excited about some of the evolutions we're making, most of that was in the U.S. and some in Western Europe in the quarter although as you know we continue to add significantly in Asia. But we ended up with more open territories over the course of the quarter than originally planned. And good news is that that hiring process has gone well. It affected us a little more than we thought, but just wanted to give you some flavor for that type of transition and its contribution to what we saw in the quarter. But we feel good about our team and we're excited about these evolutions which are very natural as a company scales and builds out the channel.
Amanda Murphy: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Puneet Souda with Leerink Partners. You may ask your question your line it's open.
Puneet Souda: Yes hi. Thanks Chris. I hate to bring this up on an mass spec again, but just trying to understand specifically is this associated with the Q tough [ph] and any sense of increasing competition from high resolution mass specs there? Or is this just broadly across the triples and the Q toughs [ph]? And do you – how do you think about the longer term position here for Waters as bio molecules will increasingly become a larger part of the mix here? And at least in the developmental phase of pharma you are going to require high res and OMEX focused to mass specs? Hoping to just understand the longer term picture and maybe in the near-term just dynamics on the Q tough [ph] and the triples. Thank you.
Chris O'Connell: Yes thanks Puneet. I appreciate the question. In the quarter I mentioned some of the higher resolution mass spec and clearly a little lumpier in that higher end category I did also mention our product position in tandem quads in the market now being very strong and our pipeline being very, very strong at the higher-end. I agree with you. I think the evolution of mass spec technology in the biomolecules, particularly in development and ultimately in the later-stage operational regulated workflows is a big trend. I think we're investing towards that. We're very excited about the progress of our bio tough system in product development – in the later stages of product development. We also have a number of other very significant advances in the highest resolution mass spectrometry area that we don't want to talk too much about right now, but you know over the coming year we will. And so we feel good about the future of this particular product line and the innovations that we're bringing forward, and expect that over the course of the year some of the things that held us back in Q1 to correct themselves.
Puneet Souda: Okay, thanks. And on India specifically. Just wanted to understand, in terms of the product mix itself, has that changed a bit? I know traditionally it was all largely alliance and lately has that product mix changed or is it evolving more towards the UPLCs? Thanks for taking my questions.
Chris O'Connell: Yes India is by and large an HPLC market but it's also a very strong informatics market as well. And really it's in that core pharma area that we saw the weakness in the quarter. We have a small bright spot in India in more of the government sectors or relates to mass spec for food applications, but that's a pretty small part of the business. So I think the Indian market is going to continue to be dominated by the pharma world particularly the generic pharma world. And beyond that probably the area that that we see the most potential in is the food testing area.
Puneet Souda: Okay, great thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your may ask your question, your line is open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi Puneet has actually asked part of my question. I was going to talk about the – on the LC side about the mix in India. But I'm just curious on the sort of the new acuity product launches that you just put out, I mean can you maybe just talk about where we are in the developed markets in terms of upgrade replacement cycles and just or like where the underlying demand is for new ACQUITYs. I mean you’ve come off a couple of very strong years of your developed pharma customers buying products. I'm just curious in terms of where you sort of see underlying demand for the new products?
Chris O'Connell: Sure. So the two new products are the ACQUITY PLUS, which is an enhancement of the overall ACQUITY platform it’s outlined in then the ACUITY ARC bio, which is taking the arc platform, which as you know is a transitional technology between HPLC and UHPLC methods. And making it more directly compatible with bio molecules just like we have an UPLC already the ACQUITY bio now we have the ACQUITY ACR bio. Interesting enough the ACQUITY ACR historically has been a little more of an emerging markets product is strongest start off the launch was really in China. But as we see the trend of product development on a large molecule we see this ACQUITY ACR bio being much more broadly adopted product and we’re excited about that. On the ACQUITY PLUS, I think, that just adds to the breadth and strength of the family and again the key driver for UPLC methods has been in some of the more – in really biotech end of the market and new drugs that are being developed. There we've talked about before there's really not an upgrade cycle as it relates to people migrating a particular molecule from HPLC to UPLC it's really when new molecules are being developed. And certainly as we look at some of the bigger opportunities in developing QA/QC in biotech, UPLC is really going to be the standard we believe and that's why we continue to invest in that platform.
Derik De Bruin: Just a quick follow-up financial question for Sherry. Sherry when you look at that tax rate I mean it's going to a lot of variability over the last couple years I know some of that is just because the tax law changes. Is that I mean should we just – given that you typically tend to come in the lower end of the ranges I mean should we just model 13% for the full year just as a way to look at it, or – I guess basically what drives at the tax rate up to the 15% range when you just sort of look at historically the company always seems to manage to squeeze out a couple of percent of lower taxes once you guide to?
Sherry Buck: Derik this is Sherry. So on our tax rate I'd say the impact of tax reform is really what is driving our full year guidance to the 13% to 15% versus last year. It's about 2% higher. I say there's still a lot of moving parts and really seeing all the regulations coming out supporting the U.S. tax reform Q1 I can say was one more favorable than what we were expecting because of some very discrete items. Our expectation is, is that will normalize throughout the remaining quarters. And so our full guidance still remains at 13% to 15%. And I wouldn't necessarily assume that it would be at the lower end.
Derik De Bruin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Doug Schenkel: Good morning. You usually tell us to model to the midpoint of the guidance range. That said coming off a weaker than expected Q1 and recognizing that Q1 – I’m sorry Q2 guidance does not seem to embed much of a catch up. Is it fair to say you're more comfortable at the lower end of the 4% to 6% full year core revenue growth range, at least relative to where we were back in early January when you initially provided guidance?
Chris O'Connell: No I don't think so. I think we've tried to provide a balanced outlook. And maybe it's oversimplifying but at the lower end of the range that would assume a slower recovery of some of the factors we've talked about and at the higher end of the range that would assume a higher and faster recovery. And both scenarios are possible. And that’s why we try to give a range that incorporates a reasonable probability of anything in the range which would kind of land us towards that midpoint.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. North America was one of the geographic regions where you performed relatively well. That said it was against a pretty favorable comparison especially in the United States. With that in mind how much of Q1 performance in the region would you ascribe to improving demand and execution versus the favorable comp in a more normalized budget release this year relative to what you described in Q1 of 2017?
Chris O'Connell:  Yes I would agree that the U.S. was better, but we're not fully satisfied with the U.S. And you know Canada was a little bit down which impacted North America but Canada tends to be quite lumpy given that it's driven more by tenders. I think the U.S. is still a work in process and some of the territory realignment I outlined earlier was a factor in the U.S. So I'm watching the U.S. very closely I have high hopes for the U.S. I think the U.S. is a solid market and certainly feels better as a market towards the end of last year and heading into this year than it did a year ago because I recall a year ago there were so many questions about tax reform and other government policy that it was a sluggish start to the year. So we saw improvement in the U.S. over the course of the year, it's okay right now starting off in this year but I actually expect better from the U.S. as well.
Doug Schenkel: Okay thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Dan Arias with Citi Research. Your line is open, you may ask your question.
Dan Arias: Hey good morning. Thank you. Chris just given how tied they are to one another does the mass spec softness impact the healthy forecast for the year? And I guess have you seen any or do you expect any decoupling so to speak in terms of the percentage of water is healthy systems that go out the door with one of your mass spec devices on the back?
Chris O'Connell: No I don't there's a direct tie, I think the mass spec factors that hit us in the quarter were somewhat isolated to some of the dynamics I described earlier. And then like I implied in the call if you look at the core LC instrumentation we did we did just fine we met our expectations and we feel good about our portfolio and the outlook for the year. So we like our strategic position in having a strong LC and mass spec combination. And we expect to leverage that advantage throughout the future in particular bringing more and more LC plus MS type workflows together. So I think I wouldn't read too much into the LC business on that score.
Dan Arias: Okay. And then maybe on the industrial side how would you sort of rank the application areas in terms of strength of demand right now for materials, food, environmental and chemicals? Are you able to sort of touch on what your expectations are on at least a relative basis there out of those buckets for the year?
Chris O'Connell: Yes I'd say in general the part of the materials our industrial franchise that we feel best about right now is really in the core TA thermal reality type business. And that had a good year last year, a good finish, a good start to this year. As we've talked about we feel good about the industrial end markets overall, we feel great about our product position in that category. And really besides that I'd say the food category is one that's garnered a lot of attention. I think there's a lot of interest in a broad range of players in food safety and food testing. In fact I was personally invited last week and participated in a IMF World Bank panel in Washington D.C. with a variety of health ministers talking about capacity building and investments in countries of all types, including lesser developed countries in food safety testing methods. And our organization has done a great job over time really developing a presence of mind in that market in thought leadership. And so I think in the short and long term we expect that market to be a priority for us and for the world. Really if you look at all the categories you described, I think, outlook for us is more balanced and that's certainly what we're expecting out of those end markets and we'll continue to provide color as that develops.
Dan Arias: Okay, I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jack Meehan with Barclays. You may ask your question. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thanks, good morning. So I just want to be clear, do you think there are any changes in the competitive environment in the quarter and some of the loft [ph] mass spec sales did those go to competitors or can you elaborate on just why you think they'll come back in over the next few quarters?
Chris O'Connell: Yes Jack I think I've covered the specific dynamics in terms of what we think happened in the quarter again a smaller lumpier quarter for us some things accentuated that. And no I don't think there was any change in competitive dynamic in the quarter. If you take a look back at last year, we had a really solid mass spec year in 2017, we grew in the upper single digits in mass spec for the year last year. And it's not like we come into Q1 and all of that changes. We like our competitive position in mass spec. There's some areas that we have a stronger position in the market and others where we have a strong product development pipeline. So I think our view is that those factors that I described fully earlier explain the quarter. We're watching it closely, we’re intent upon demonstrating improvement and continue to give you color on it. But the overall competitive dynamic, I think, doesn't change in one quarter like that.
Jack Meehan: Great, thank you Chris. And then the new share repurchase authorization, do you think the rate you're running in 2018 is going to be sustainable over the next few years? Can you just put in the context of the long-term guidance that you laid out at the previous Analyst Day?
Chris O'Connell: Yes, so I'll make a quick comment and have Sherry go further. We're really excited about this share repurchase authorization and obviously with all the newness of tax reform and the need to get an understanding as to how the flows worked we've been intently working on this over the quarter. And clearly we announced at the beginning of this year a bigger share repurchase program for the year. We're really sticking to that, we’re maintaining our guidance on our 2018 share repurchase program. But clearly we are looking to enhance that as we move from there and keep a strong range of cash return to shareholders in the coming years. So in terms of in terms of guidance on our share repurchase program I would focus on what we said today, what we said at the outset of the year and then we'll continue to update that as we move through the year in terms of what 2019, 2020, 2021 will look like. But Sherry you want to say more?
Sherry Buck: Sure, yes, so just that jumping into that, so for of the current year 2018 our plan is $800 million worth of share repurchases. With the new authorization, with what we have remaining from first quarter on that and the new one so a total of $3.5 billion to be spread over three years. So we feel really good about the sustainability over the next three years to be able to return, really greater than one hundred percent of our free cash flow to share repurchases. And that's up from 50% last year. So we have $800 million baked into our guidance. And we’ll evaluate opportunities as we go, but I think it's just reinforcing our sustained share buyback program over the next several years.
Jack Meehan: Great. Thank you, Sherry.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Jeremy Rosenberg with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi this is Steve Beuchaw on for Jeremy Rosenberg. First I just want to unpack China a little bit. Chris you made a couple of really helpful comments about China. Number one, spiking out that the industrial piece of it was maybe a little slower. And two, spiking out that the pharma piece of China was really healthy. I wonder if we could just unpack that a little bit more. Have you seen any improvement in the China industrial trend? How do you expect that to play over the balance of the year? And on the pharma front when you say China was good I mean is China on the pharma side of it holding up one hundred percent, or is it may be moderated just a little?
Chris O'Connell: Yes I know I think Steve your read of it is very accurate, the themes are correct and I don't want to overly quantify it. But there's also a tale of the comparison as well China had a fantastic quarter a year ago and a very significant quarter in both pharma and industrial. So about half of the business in China is pharma and we were pleased with our China pharma growth on a very big comp. Industrial was off a little bit again due to some of the traditional lumpiness of those end markets, but again off a very, very large comp. The research sequitur was strong in China. As I mentioned particularly in the governmental food research areas. And I contrast that with the independent lab food testing which was more in the industrial category, but the research end of that was very strong and drove growth in China with a little easier of a comparison. So overall we expected the type of performance that we saw in China. And all of our assumptions in terms of what we're expecting for the year in China are still out there for us and we're confident our team there.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay, really helpful. I wonder though taking a step up toward 10,000 feet as we look at the model if it's possible that we're all just parsing this too finally. When I look at the variation over the trends in growth in the last few quarters, couple of quarters, what stands out of course is the variation on instrument growth. In the fourth quarter it was a good quarter on top of an extremely difficult comp and here we are with instruments weaker on a comp that’s a little bit more normal. Could the explanation for all this be something very, very simple? Did we just have budget flush in the fourth quarter and here in the first quarter there are some labs out there that are still hard at work, digesting all the stuff that they bought in the fourth quarter. Just that, thanks.
Chris O'Connell: Yes I guess if I go back to your first point there Steve, I think, sometimes the temptation is to parse things pretty finally on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But what we've seen in this business is that trends look – are a little more so explainable if you will over kind of a rolling period. So again we look at the quarter and the dynamics and we think a lot of the things that happened in the quarter are very specific and explainable at least from our standpoint to some dynamics in a couple of key products segments and geographies. And then we take a look at that and step back and look at trends that to your point come from prior year and extend out into this year and try to make a forecast as best we can on some of the broader macro trends. But at the end of the day the worldwide pharma market looks solid, this sector continues to invest, and produce and grow. The industrial market by many measurements including some of our internal ones appears to be stable and robust and we see a good balance as we go over the course of the year. I can’t explain questions of year end, or beginning of your budget flush and things like that, there are too many nuances in that equation and I wouldn't over interpret any of that. I would just take on its face some of the things that we've talked about in Q1. But also our read of the end markets will continue to lean into that. We’ll continue to try to better understand these trends, and explain them best we can and make sure we're focused on executing against a variety of different assumptions in our plan.
Steve Beuchaw: Okay, thanks so much.
Chris O'Connell: I think we have time for one more if that's possible.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question then comes from Patrick Donnelly with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open you may ask your question.
Patrick Donnelly: Great, thanks. Chris maybe on the margin side if growth does remain a bit lower than anticipated where the real levers you could pull to drive expansion? And then does one quarter of low growth leads you to be more aggressive on the cost side or do you try to find balance of patients and then also still being nimble if things do slowdown for a bit here?
Chris O'Connell: Well again to your point on the margins, despite the softness on the top line in Q1, which is our smallest quarter of the year, we were very pleased with our operating performance and we delivered some modest operating leverage, while actually growing our R&D expense faster than our top line. So we continue to invest for growth. And of course we're anticipating an improvement in the revenue line. But we feel we have sufficient operating control to feel good about protecting our earnings although for us growth is the key. We’re investing for growth, we're expecting growth and we're expecting to work through some of the things that held us back in Q1. And deliver in that range of our guidance that we've given. 
Patrick Donnelly: Right, thanks.
Chris O'Connell: Okay I think we're out of time here. So I do want to thank everybody for your great questions. In conclusion, we remain focused on delivering our growth plans for 2018, headlined by strength in our core pharmaceutical market, continued growth in TA and broad based growth in China. We believe that market conditions in our strong competitive position support continuing success. So on behalf of our entire management team I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q2 2018 call which we currently anticipate holding on July 24, 2018. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian Brockmeyer - Head, Investor Relations Chris O’Connell - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sherry Buck - Chief Financial Officer John Lynch - Corporate Treasurer
Analysts: Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities Derik de Bruin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Dan Arias - Citigroup Doug Schenkel - Cowen Puneet Souda - Leerink Partners Jack Meehan - Barclays Ross Muken - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Brian Brockmeyer [ph], Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Brian Brockmeyer: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the first quarter and full year 2018. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning’s press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 24, 2018. During today’s call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted non-GAAP Financials included in this morning’s press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the fourth quarter and full year fiscal year 2016. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today’s call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Waters’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chris O’Connell. Chris?
Chris O’Connell: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today, along with Brian Brockmeier, Waters’ newly appointed Head of Investor Relations. Joining me on this morning’s call is Sherry Buck, Waters’ Chief Financial Officer and John Lynch, Corporate Treasurer. Before we get started, I would like to thank John for his leadership of the Waters’ Investor Relations function over the last several years. Moving forward, John will be focusing on Corporate Finance and Treasury activities. During today’s call, I will provide an overview of our Q4 and full year 2017 operating results as well as some broader commentary on our current business environment. Sherry will then review financial details for our reported results and provide our 2018 financial outlook. We will then open up the phone lines to take your questions. I am very pleased with our fourth quarter and 2017 in total. We finished 2017 with a strong quarter of sales growth in our key end markets highlighted by broad-based strength from pharmaceutical customers, a rebounding U.S. market and balanced product mix. For the full year 2017, the highlight to me was the great revenue balance across end markets, geographies and product lines resulting in consistent sales performance and double-digit earnings per share growth in each quarter of the year. Total revenue in the fourth quarter was up 6% against a very strong comparison of 9% growth in the same period in 2016. Earnings per share grew 14% in the fourth quarter. This strong finish in Q4 led to full year revenue growth of 6%, a strong P&L featuring modest operating leverage while investing in promising growth initiatives and 13% earnings per share growth for the full year. Additionally, we delivered very strong free cash flow growth of 10% in 2017. Taking a closer look and starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level, sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category grew 8% in the quarter, highlighted by strong demand from U.S. pharmaceutical customers, continued double digit pharma growth in China and a solid pharma rebound in India. For the full year global sales growth from pharma was 7% against a strong base of comparison of 10% in 2016. Throughout the year we continued to see consistent sustainable results driven by our increasingly diverse base of customers, attractive geographical balance and strong product positions in our small molecule, large molecule and medical research applications. Our ongoing strategy work continues to emphasize the vast opportunities in our pharmaceutical business where we believe we are very well positioned to expand our core technologies into a greater breadth of applications to meet the growing and increasingly complex requirements of our customers. Sales to our worldwide industrial category which includes the materials characterization food and environmental and fine chemical markets were flat in the quarter against a very tough 14% comparison in the prior year’s quarter. For the full year we delivered a solid 5% growth in our industrial category and saw growth across all of our key geographies and major product lines. We continue to be excited about our industrial product positions and pipeline and the breadth of opportunity across materials characterization, food safety and environmental applications. Looking at our governmental and academic category, sales grew by 13% in Q4 with broad based performance across all major geographies. In particular, we saw strong spending in the quarter from academic institutions focused on biomedical and Omex research. For the full year 2017 our governmental and academic category grew a very solid 6% though as we have consistently stated this business is a smaller part of our mix and sales tend to be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. Next I will review our performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia now our largest region in terms of revenue grew 6% in the fourth quarter, led by China which grew 14% against a very strong comparison in the prior year period. Our China operations saw a solid growth from all key end markets. Also in the region India rebounded nicely in Q4 as we successfully work through disruption caused in the third quarter due to the implementation of the new GST system. For the full year Asia grew 10% highlighted by 17% growth in China, high single-digit growth in India and steady growth in Japan. Turning to the Americas, sales grew 6% for the quarter with U.S. sales up and encouraging 9%, sales in the U.S. was broad based across key end markets and product lines. We were encouraged by the pickup in spending from midsize and large U.S. pharmaceutical customers who had been more cautious earlier in the year. For the full year sales in the Americas were flat with the U.S. growing 1% as second half growth more than offset the first half declines. Europe continued to be a strong contributor with fourth quarter sales growing 7%, highlighted by broad based growth across the region from our pharmaceutical and medical research customers. We saw European strength in small molecule applications and continued performance in biopharma applications where we are well positioned with our targeted LCMS and biopharmaceutical separation solutions. We also saw strong service revenue from our large and growing base of installed systems. For the year Europe grew 8% delivering strong and steady results throughout the year. Finally I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters branded products – Waters branded instrument sales grew 3% in the fourth quarter and 4% for the full year, led by a particular strength in core LC and LCMS systems sold to our pharmaceutical customers. Within instruments, I would like to highlight our bench-top LC tandem mass spectrometry systems led by our higher end Xevo TQ-XS as well as the workhorse Xevo TQS Micro. LCMS systems continued to grow solidly in the quarter and consistently for the full year. As we have commented on in the past we continue to see the expansion of mass spec technology into routine quantification workflows primarily in food safety and biopharmaceutical applications. The development of our tandem quadrupole Xevo platform has enabled us to meet the evolving demands for reproducible quantification capabilities for both small and large molecules. Waters’ branded recurring revenues, the combination of service and precision chemistries, which represent approximately 50% of the corporation’s business, grew 9% in the quarter. Recurring revenues were driven by global strength for our service, HPLC and UPLC application kits and complete chemistry offerings. For the full year, our service and chemistry revenues grew 7% indicative of high utilization rates for the installed base of Waters instruments. Turning to our TA product line, sales grew by 10% in the quarter bringing full year growth to a strong 8%. Instrument system sales for TA grew 12% in the quarter and 11% for the year with broad-based growth across thermal analysis and rheology product lines. Looking ahead, we continue to see opportunities to capitalize on the rising innovation in highly engineered high-performance materials. We will continue to emphasize our discovery series of thermal analyzers while continuing system launches that will add to an already fresh and strong product line. Stepping back, I am pleased with the consistent top line and bottom line results that Waters delivered all four quarters over the past year and I am excited about all we have ahead of us in 2018. As we drive for consistent execution again in 2018, we also remain steadfastly focused on our 5-point long-term value creation model. As I have consistently communicated, we aim to create shareholder value by number one, holding a highly differentiated leadership positions in structurally attractive markets; number two, executing a clear and focused growth strategy driven by organic innovation; number three, programmatically driving continuous operational improvement; number four, being a disciplined capital allocator; and number five, operating with the performance-oriented culture and management team. As we look to 2018, we are anticipating solid market conditions across our key customer defined end markets. In pharma, we continue to see macro trends at rising global regulatory standards increasing global patient access to prescription drugs and the growing testing needs of new biologic drugs that feature in ever increasing complexity of molecular structure. In materials, food and environmental, demand remains strong driven by healthy global industrial conditions and the general rise of regulatory standards for performance and quality. All of these market trends point to customer needs that can be well served by Waters’ core technologies and a greater breadth of applications optimized with our particular strengths in chemistry, software and professional service. Lastly, I would like to make some comments on tax reform generally and the impact on Waters specifically. Overall, I am very positive about what tax reform means for U.S. economic conditions and the overall competitiveness of the U.S. economy. In particular, I am intrigued about the positive implications for increasing U.S. capital deployment by companies of all kinds. Sherry will provide details on the short-term effects of the new law on our tax rate. But before she does, I would like to share my thoughts on capital allocation and the new opportunities created for Waters under the new tax loss. As you know, Waters has always been a judicious allocator of capital. We look at our capital allocation strategy in three levels: number one, invest in the business; number two, enhance our balance sheet strength and flexibility; and number three, return capital to shareholders. Now, with tax efficient access to our significant global free cash flow, we see great opportunity in all three of these areas. In terms of investing in the business, there is now opportunity to invest in the United States at a lower cost of capital where our cash can be very efficiently deployed alongside our innovation processes and supply chain operations. While we already have a strong balance sheet full access to our global cash flow gives us the opportunity to optimize our capital structure for maximum flexibility and opportunistic investments. In terms of returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, tax reform provides us with confidence in the sustainability of our program and additional flexibility to enhance return of capital to shareholders. Looking forward, we will proceed carefully and thoughtfully in evaluating our opportunities for enhanced capital deployment. As we do this, I will continue to view our significant cash balances as a strategic asset of the company that can wait patiently as we seek the right opportunities to invest in high return on investment initiatives. With that, I would like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper look of the fourth quarter and our full year financials. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone. We recorded net sales in the fourth quarter of $687 million, an increase of about 6% before currency translation which increased sales growth in the quarter by about 3% and resulted in 9% reported sales growth. For the full year sales grew by 6% before currency translation which increased sales growth by 1%. In the quarter pharmaceutical markets grew 8% and industrial markets were flat and sales to academic and governmental customers were up 13%. For the full year pharmaceutical markets grew 7%, our industrial markets grew 8% – 5% excuse me and sales to academic and governmental customers were up 6%. Product line growth was strongest in our recurring revenue with the combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue growing 8% while instrument sales grew 4% in the quarter. For the full year recurring revenue grew 7%, while sales of our instrument product groups grew 5%. Breaking the quarter down further sales relating to Waters branded products and services were up 5%, while TA sales grew 10%. Combined LC and LCMS instrument platform sales increased by 3% and TA’s instrumentation system sales grew 12%. As we continue to see the benefits of new product introductions. Our total recurring revenues associated with both Waters and TA products grew by 8%. Looking at our growth rates in the fourth quarter geographically and before currency translation, sales in Americas were up 6% with sales in the U.S. increasing 9%. European sales were up 7% and sales in Asia were up 6% led by strong growth in China and India. Now I would like to comment on our fourth quarter’s non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins for the quarter were 60.6% versus 60% in the fourth quarter of 2016 showing a strong finish to the year. For the full year gross margins were slightly better than the prior year at 59%. Moving down the fourth quarter’s P&L, operating expenses were up 9% on a constant currency basis. Foreign currency translation increased operating expense growth by about 2% on a reported basis, stronger than anticipated revenue growth resulted in higher variable expenses in the quarter. For the full year operating expenses were impacted by R&D expense growing faster than sales as we continue to invest in product development and innovation which is a key component of our value creation model that Chris spoke to earlier. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate in the quarter before the effects of the new U.S. tax cuts and jobs act which are referred to as tax reform and the new stock compensation rule was about 15%. Including a $0.07 benefit from new stock option accounting rules the non-GAAP effective operating tax rate was about 13%. In the quarter as a result of tax reform we incurred a GAAP tax expense charge of $550 million, nearly 90% of this amount is associated with the transition tax on earnings and profits outside the U.S. This charge represents our best estimate and the actual expense may differ from this estimate due to further refinement of our calculations or additional guidance that may become available. For the full year our effective operating tax rate before the effects of tax reform and the new stock compensation rule was 14.7% versus 14.1% in 2016. The increase in the effective operating tax rate was driven by the mix of our earnings in higher tax rate jurisdictions, including a $0.24 benefit from the new stock option accounting rules the non-GAAP effective operating tax rate was 11.8%. In the quarter, net interest expense was $4 million and our average share count on a fully diluted basis equivalent came in at 80.4 million shares or approximately 1 million shares lower than in the fourth quarter last year. This is the net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. During the quarter we bought 431,000 shares of our common stock for $85 million our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter were up 14% to $2.51 in comparison to earnings of $2.21 last year. On a GAAP basis we reported a loss of $4.44 versus earnings at $2.15 last year. As noted previously, our GAAP earnings in Q4 2017 include the impact of tax reform. Both of our non-GAAP and GAAP earnings include a benefit of $0.07 resulting from the new stock compensation accounting rules. The impact of foreign currency translation in the quarter on earnings per share was a positive $0.08 bringing the full year impact to about $0.09. For the full year, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were up 13% to $7.49 per share versus $6.62 last year. On a GAAP basis, full year earnings per share were $0.25 versus $6.41 in 2016. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $3.4 billion and debt totaled $2 billion bringing us to a net cash position of $1.4 billion. We defined free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the fourth quarter of 2017, cash flow was strong and came in at $162 million after funding $30 million of capital expenditures. This represents both a strong quarterly performance and a full year growth of approximately 10%. We were able to convert $0.27 of free cash from every dollar’s worth of sales for the full year. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 71 days this quarter, which is even with the third quarter and flat from the fourth quarter of last year. In the quarter, inventories were approximately $270 million compared to $263 million in the fourth quarter of the prior year, which was in line with our expectations. Looking ahead to 2018, our outlook generally assumes continued stable demand from our pharmaceutical and industrial end markets, consistent growth and recurring revenue and balanced growth rates from our geographies. These dynamics lead up to a mid single-digit constant currency sales increase in 2018. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to increase 2018 sales growth by about 1%. Gross margins for the year are expected to be consistent with the prior year in the range between 58.5% to 59%. Our plan for the full year is to manage operating expense growth at a rate that is less than our sales growth. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $16 million to $17 million, a reduction as compared to 2017 due to the increased flexibility and deploying our cash balances as a result of tax reform. We estimate our full year tax rate, which reflects the impact of tax reform and stock compensation rules to be in the range of 13% to 15%. This includes an estimated impact of about 2% related to provisions in the new tax reform law. Breaking this down further, we were estimating a positive impact in the range of 1% to 2% due to lower U.S. tax rates. However, this is offset by an unfavorable impact in the range of 2% to 3% as a result of the intangible and base broadening provisions and a lower tax benefit from stock compensation as a result of the U.S. tax rate reduction to 21% from 35%. We expect to further refine our full year tax rate as we gain more clarity on the tax reform regulations and will provide updates as appropriate. Our guidance regarding capital allocation assumes continuation of our share repurchase program through 2018 at a rate that will result in an average diluted share count of about 78.5 million shares outstanding. This share count assumes a share repurchase plan for the year that will approximately offset the impact to our tax rate from tax reform. Rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis full year 2018 earnings per fully diluted share are projected to be within the range of $8 to $8.25. At current rates, the foreign currency impact on full year earnings per share growth is expected to be about neutral. Now, looking at the first quarter of 2018, we expect constant currency sales growth in the mid single-digits. At today’s rates, currency translation is expected to positively impact first quarter sales growth by about 2%. Other key assumptions for Q1 include a moderate increase in expenses as well as an estimated increase in our overall tax rate in Q1 of about 5% to 6%. The Q1 tax rate is impacted by tax reform and a strong $0.09 base of comparison from the stock option compensation benefit in the first quarter of 2017. Lastly there was one less calendar day in the quarter versus last year. We estimate first quarter earnings per diluted share in the range of $1.48 to $1.60 with an approximate 1% positive impact from foreign currency translation at current rates. Now I would like to turn the call back to Chris. Chris?
Chris O’Connell: Great. Thank you, Sherry. As we move into 2018 we will continue to emphasize execution in our core businesses and delivering on our operating performance objectives. As we have stated we will seek to balance growth, operating leverage and investment in the business. With that we will now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get everyone’s questions, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and if you have additional questions please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, can we have the first question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hi. Chris, I want to start with the rebound in the U.S. market, good pharma strength, good academic, can you maybe just talk on those two trends how you are feeling, kind of exiting the year, was there any budget flush dynamic and in other segments?
Chris O’Connell: Yes. Thanks Tycho. Yes, we were as I said in the prepared remarks we were encouraged by the U.S. As you know the first half of the year we sustained some declines as it was pretty clear at the time and an even more clear in retrospect that there was caution on the part of a lot of U.S. companies particularly in pharma and some of the industrial businesses really waiting some of the regulation and policy and tax changes that came later in the year. We did see as you recall some improvement in the third quarter in the U.S. and then we had a nice close to the year. So I would just say that the finish that we had hoped for in the U.S. was. There was a renewed sense of confidence in a pretty broad based way across the end markets. And we feel good about that going into the year. Now, obviously one quarter does not a trend make and so as we enter 2018 we are hopeful, but we are also balanced in terms of what might happen from here.
Tycho Peterson: And then you kind of maybe commented around cash being a strategic asset here, I understand there are lot of kind of moving pieces, but I guess as we think about the potential to bring back cash when do we expect we will get more granularity and visibility on that and then you kind of alluded to more investment here in U.S., I guess over what timeframe should we be thinking about that?
Chris O’Connell: Sure. Based on the way the tax works and I will have Sherry comment further on some of the mechanics if you wish. Once we pay this toll tax, we have access to that cash. And obviously we are thoughtful in where that cash is to maximize the return on that cash while we go through our decision making on how to deploy it. And really my comment on cash is a strategic asset is a very thoughtful approach to making the right decisions in terms of allocation of capital to all of our priorities to invest in the business to show up our balance sheet and return capital to shareholders. We obviously have a great share repurchase program, as Sherry commented we are going to continue or even enhance that in the current year to offset some of the effects of the minor short-term tax rate increase. But we really have an eye towards being opportunistic I would say. In terms of investing in the U.S. as I mentioned it’s a much more favorable investment environment and there are clearly some investments that historically maybe we have been a little more cautious on the U.S. given the uncertainty of the tax situation but now are taking a more careful look at and we will obviously provide more details on some of the things that we are considering as we develop those plans. But we are going to be patient and we are going to thoughtful, we are going to be careful about that because we are very fortunate to be in a position of having significant cash to allocate against a high return on investment opportunities.
Tycho Peterson: Does this change your view on M&A at all in terms of opportunities?
Chris O’Connell: No, it doesn’t change our view at all in M&A. As you know we are more organically driven. That said, we are also making sure we are aware of everything happening in the marketplace if we were to consider M&A would be from a strategic lens we would not change our approach relative to our investment priorities, but is a tactic to support a business strategy, we are open to it, but we would be very disciplined about it. And as I try to consistently say access to cash doesn’t necessarily change our willingness to engage in M&A.
Tycho Peterson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. First question on tax reform, Chris, are you in discussions with your customers, are you getting any early indication that tax reform is going to stimulate demand for Waters products in 2018?
Chris O’Connell: Yes, Dan, it’s a good question. And I would say it’s too early for me to put too fine a point on that. I think what we saw with our customers and in discussions is just a general relief that tax reform is here and excitement about a more favorable investment environment in the United States. And in terms of tying specific purchases of our technology to that type an event, it’s probably too early to make that directive a connection, but certainly there is a tone that’s out there that’s generally positive and we are grateful for that, but keep in mind, U.S. is really only about 30% of our overall business and half of that business is recurring revenue anyway. So, I think the effect you would see would be balanced.
Dan Leonard: Okay. And then from my follow-up question, how are you contemplating the potential for pharma M&A as you think about your guidance for 2018 from M&A and any potential disruptions associated with that?
Chris O’Connell: Yes, I guess I am not really an expert in handicapping whether pharma M&A is going to accelerate or not. There is probably better sources for that but I think my view on pharma M&A is that as long as pharma M&A is being done for the reasons of enhancing product portfolios and therapeutic portfolios, which is generally what I think happens. I think it’s something that wouldn’t necessarily affect us all that much. At the end of the day most of our business is tied to late stage development and QA/QC and we know that pharma companies who are under taking those type of strategies are looking to enhance their portfolios in the market and really leverage combinations to address overhead cost not necessarily innovation and certainly not production costs as it relates to serving the market. So either way, I think the demand for our products should be approximate and we will watch it carefully, but I don’t really have a clear sense as to how that may play out.
Dan Leonard: Appreciate the thoughts. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good morning. I am really just going to ask one question, but maybe I will pick on a few parts within it. It’s just a request to get a little bit deeper understanding of some of the components of the thinking around the top line outlook for 2018. I guess, first, Chris as I reflected back on your comments, you gave some pretty encouraging comments on pharma and how you think about pharma as a source of funds in 2018. I wonder if you could give us a sense for where you think pharma lands as a growth driver and the model relative to the long-term trend in the maybe 6%, 7% range. Could we do a little bit better maybe in 2018 as we get relief in the U.S.? Second, I didn’t hear you talk about what you think about the trend in terms of academic funding, very strong quarter for the company there, some enthusiasm around academic funding in a number of parts of the U.S.? And then third started piloting with the multi-parter here, but could you talk a little bit about the balance between hardware growth in 2018 and recurring growth in 2018, particularly around LCMS and then I will get back in queue and say thanks so much.
Chris O’Connell: Good. Thank you, Steve. I will try to remember all of that. As it relates to pharma and our outlook for pharma, like I said, we were encouraged with the close to the year we had a good solid year of 7% pharma growth in total and that was on tough comp and that is ahead – a little bit ahead of the historic trend line, so just to remind on the historic trend line, the long-term trend line of pharma growth for us tends to be around 6%, which is a little ahead of the market. We have been doing a little bit better than that recently. In terms of our assumptions for ‘18, again, we go into a year with a balanced outlook. We don’t assume in our guidance that everything goes right even though we strive for to do as well as we can. So, we are watching the market carefully particularly the U.S. as I mentioned before one quarter does not a trend make, but I would say we are hopeful for more stable conditions particularly United States as we enter the year based on the additional certainty there is relative to tax reform and some other factors. As it relates to academic funding, again we are not probably the best proxy, not the best proxy for that type of question since academic and government is a smaller percentage of our business. Academic though is the lion’s share of our government and academic category. We had a good year there. We had 6% growth, but keep in mind the prior year we had a 3% decline. As you know, that business tends to be quite lumpy. And while we did see decent trends in the back half of the year for the academic world, particularly really in all geographies around the world, it’s never entirely clear how sustainable that is, so, again looking at balance coming into the year in sort of the middle or part of our guidance for historical kind of range of academic type performance. And then I think the last question you asked about was instrument growth. We had a solid instrument year overall of 4% growth and that was on a comp of 6% the prior year. And in the fourth quarter, our instrument growth was about 3%, but against a very tough comp of 9% for the prior year, so really pretty consistent with historical trends you are seeing our instrument growth that is slightly slower than our overall top line average with chemistry and service doing a little bit better than the average in that mix continues to gradually migrate towards the recurring revenue. So, I don’t think there is anything that unusual going on there other than to say we are pleased with the solid performance across all those categories.
Operator: And we will go to our next question it’s from Tim Evans with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Tim Evans: Thanks. Chris, I just want to push a little bit on the tax reform, because this is such a massive change to potentially to your capital structure and investment paradigm. Two specific questions and maybe you can answer about your long-term targets. Number one, do you want to continue to be in a net cash position or do you at some point in the future anticipate being in a net debt position. Obviously, your balance sheet should be able to sustain our net debt position given your cash flow. Second question is in the long run do you anticipate your R&D expenditures or your CapEx to be materially higher as a percentage of revenue than they are now given the ability to invest differently in the U.S.? Thanks.
Chris O’Connell: Yes, thanks, Tim. Appreciate the question. In terms of long-term goals of net cash or net debt, I wouldn’t say that we have a pre-described formula in our head. We want to do the right things to be great capital allocators. I think that’s the bottom line. Like I said, cash is a great asset for us to have and we want to make sure we are flexible to invest opportunistically when the right opportunities present themselves across that entire range of capital allocation priorities. If that means that we are more cash heavy until that happens fine, if that means at some point we find the right opportunity to invest and get more debt heavy that’s fine too. It’s really going to be a function of the return on invested capital, which have been consistent in terms of being the priority and at what point in time those investments are most fruitful. As it relates to changes in R&D and CapEx, I think you have seen me really emphasize R&D in terms of the returns to the company and the organic growth strategy. In fact, I was looking at some numbers last night and our R&D over the last 5 years has very steadily grown and conservatively grown from about 7.5% of products revenue that’s excluding service where there isn’t any R&D, but 7.5% of products revenue to 8.5% of products revenue over the last 5 years in a very gradual study way and I like that. I am pleased with that, because we have also been able to cover that with efficiency gains in other parts of the P&L to deliver modest ongoing operating leverage. As it relates to CapEx, we have been a pretty steady 3.5% to 4% of sales type CapEx company and CapEx investments and opportunities to invest in CapEx, we would look at, but if there anything major we would obviously give more information as we assess those opportunities. So I would characterize the answer overall is open minded, but very disciplined and patient to B grade capital allocators.
Tim Evans: Understood, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik de Bruin with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hey, good morning. Hey, where are we in the industrial analytical instrument growth cycle, I mean the market has been rounding, but still been a little bit slower than I would have thought, I guess can you sort of talk about some of the industrial end market demands and just what your chemical customers doing, some of your material sciences customers and just do you expect that segment to accelerate significantly in 2018?
Chris O’Connell: Yes. I think it’s – Derik, I think the industrial marketplace is in a good space right now. Heading into last year we were a little more cautious for particularly some of the U.S. type reasons, but as the year played out and we look at the year as a total body work. Industrial was right in the – right in the zone of the mid single-digits in a solid and we believe hopefully sustainable way. And obviously that’s reinforced by a broader global economic backdrop of a pretty good balance in most major geographies around the world, good growth, employment pictures are pretty solid, relatively low rates of inflation. So the overall economic backdrop and many people comment on this has been supportive of that. In our quarter there were some core key one-time type factors year-over-year as I mentioned we are in a 14% growth in industrial in the fourth quarter of ‘16. And so if you look at a stacked comp quarter-to-quarter is solid and we also had some lingering effects that hit the industrial category are related to the natural disaster aftereffects in Latin America. So there were some kind of one timers in there, but maybe the best proxy for us in terms of what’s currently happening in industrial is TA Instruments, you mentioned material science, material characterization, which is the heart and soul of TA. And TA had a solid year as we mentioned. That business does tend to be historically a little more lumpy, because it’s more instrument oriented, but TA is probably a more indicative of the underlying. Picture in industrial and obviously TA we are getting better than average results, because of the new product platform that we have the market, the discovery series and so we are doing even better than maybe underlying demand, because of that new technology in the market. But I would characterize industrial overall as reasonably stable. I am not one to call cycles, so we are just going to again watch it carefully as we go into the year and have a balanced outlook that I think it gives us some confidence and reasonable performance as we look at ‘18.
Derik de Bruin: Great. And just one follow-up on this, so in the LC business and the QA QC business, I guess how much is the – the demands are very good for a while, I mean how much demand right now is replacement business versus capacity addition in the QA QC market, I am just curious is like how many new plants are going, I mean obviously some of your end customers are consolidating manufacturing, I am just wondering how you think about that the dynamic between new adds versus consolidation versus replacement?
Chris O’Connell: Yes. There is some, generally, about half of the business out there is sort of replacing older units that are going out of service and about half is new adds. And I think the underlying thing that I look at is just the volume of testing activity and to me that’s in two different ways. One is just the additional testing activity related volume and looking at global prescriptions and global pill counts and the rising access to medications that many people are enjoying around the world, practically in the emerging markets. That’s sort of a steady drumbeat of fleet expansion if you will and opportunity for new entrants. We have a pretty broad pharmaceutical customer base, so it’s not just about big companies replacing their products and expanding plants, it’s also about a lot of new upstarts that you see across the range from innovator molecules to generics. And then obviously the testing activity on the innovator side with more and more focus being on biomolecules and more elaborate testing methods, those are both things that add up to that total activity which really yields at the end of the day, expansion of fleet, new facility and then some kind of drumbeat of replacement is older technologies need to be replaced.
Derik de Bruin: Thanks.
Chris O’Connell: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Hi, good morning. Thanks. Chris, maybe just to finish the thought on Derik’s question, how should we think about TA growth this year given the things that you mentioned?
Chris O’Connell: Yes. So again like I will go back to the theme that that we have a balanced outlook for TA, TA obviously had a strong year, they have tough comps obviously coming into the year with the kind of year they had. So, the counter starts at zero again and it’s a big hill decline. And as long as the overall industrial conditions in the market are favorable, I think we feel we have got the product portfolio to compete in that market. But again our guidance doesn’t assume that everything goes right although my expectation is to for TA to perform with the company average or better.
Dan Arias: Okay. Then maybe just as a follow-up, two quick geography questions on Europe, obviously things right there in a pretty good place, can you touch on Western versus Eastern Europe and then how those two shape up for the year when think about your overall outlook for the region in ‘18. And then also just curious what you are thinking on Japan if you are giving the ups and downs that we have had there?
Chris O’Connell: Sure. In terms of Europe, it was noteworthy in Europe this year to have the type of consistency we had across the year. And it was I would say consistency quarter-to-quarter that was somebody unusual historically. And I think it reflects the broad base of reasonable economic conditions in the background. We actually had kind of an unusual dynamic where for the better part of the year all four regions within Europe were in positive territory Northern Europe, Western Europe, Central Europe and – sorry Northern Europe, Central Europe, Southern Europe and Eastern Europe. Eastern Europe had a good year that that business had been down and in some prior years, but had a reasonable year. I think we are hoping for again a balanced outlook as we come to this year, but I certainly don’t know enough to forecast individual sub-geographies with any precision. But Europe has been a solid performer for us really driven by that solid base of pharmaceutical customers throughout Europe as well as reasonable biomedical research world. Japan had a solid year. Japan was a pretty typical, kind of low to mid single-digit type grower for Waters in both the quarter and the year. And as you know Japan tends to move around a little bit quarter-to-quarter based on how the different categories are doing in fiscal years and so forth. But our Japanese business has been in the broader picture quite stable and a good cash flow generator.
Dan Arias: Thanks so much.
Chris O’Connell: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, good morning and thank you for taking the questions. I just wanted to talk briefly about SG&A expense in the quarter, it grew 12% actually a little bit more in the fourth quarter, when we look at why the incremental margin wasn’t a bit higher and a strong top line growth quarter, this is the line that jumps out at us, so I am just wondering was there some opportunistic investment in a period of growth and if so where were these targeted investments made and what are you looking for in terms of targeted returns either in 2018 or beyond?
Chris O’Connell: Sure, sure, yes. Obviously, quarter-to-quarter dynamics in the P&L jump around a little bit, Doug, as you know. I would point you back to the big picture for the year we saw a 40 basis point expansion in our operating margin and I count that as good solid modest operating leverage what we are able to invest exactly to your point. We actually grew R&D expenses for the year at about double – about 10% constant currency even with the modest operating leverage and also grew our SG&A expenses slightly lower than sales for the year. So, for the quarter, there was some catch-up in terms of incentive compensation with the stronger than expected finish on the revenue line and some things that are probably more akin to what you might consider one-timers, but it is that balance that we are trying to strike, I will have Sherry comment a little bit further on the P&L, but I think overall we feel good about the year that delivered that balance of growth investment and operating leverage. So, Sherry, you want to add to that?
Sherry Buck: Yes. Just to highlight what Chris said, we go into each year really trying to manage our operating expenses to grow less than our top line and fourth quarter in particular because of the stronger performance we had some catch-up on variables and that’s kind of our plan is to keep managing that. We have a number of things underway as we go into 2018 to put some more programmatic things behind, how we continue to get continuous improvement on our operating margins. So, we look for modest improvements.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And thank you for that. And Sherry, I think one more for you. Just looking ahead and thinking about guidance specifically gross margin. We saw some nice momentum coming out of 2017, one might have thought that this would continue in 2018 at least to a level that’s maybe a little bit higher than where you have guided, which is for essentially flat year-over-year gross margins. Would you just walk us through the puts and takes there and it seems like FX is likely part of this. So, if you wouldn’t mind getting a little more specific there that would be helpful?
Sherry Buck: Sure. So on the gross margin line, the kind of big factors around that obviously with higher volume or higher sales we would be able to give positive impact being able to offset fixed cost absorption, but really mix plays a really big part as we look at the mix of our sales both geographically as well as service revenues. So, service revenues, as it continues to grow and be a big part of our business, it’s actually dilutive to our gross margin and accretive on our operating income line. So, we have really tried to look at kind of the whole picture how we improve margins. So, there are things underway and operating efficiencies to be able to improve gross margin, but there are a lot of pushes and falls and we are guiding to a 58.5% to 59% and we will be working to see if there are other opportunities to improve that, but mix kind of shakes out during the course of the year.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And next we have Puneet Souda with Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Puneet Souda: Yes, hi, Chris. Thanks for taking my questions. So I am trying to understand a bit better on the recurring revenue growth. So, you delivered obviously it’s only in the quarter. I was just trying to understand the underlying dynamics, is it related to some of the more product lines, is it a more Glycan kits or columns versus the service contract uptake? Would be helpful if you could just elaborate a bit and give us a sense of sustainability of that in 2018 knowing the pharma uncertainties that you have talked about?
ChrisO’Connell: Yes, thanks, Puneet, I appreciate the question. I think the underlying dynamics in the recurring lines were pretty consistent with historical performance. We definitely continue to drive service plan up and certainly we see growth opportunity particularly in the emerging markets where there has been more installed base build out and where more products are still under warranty as those products come off service plan opportunities come on. And so we have opportunities just to continue that slow steady march upward in terms of attach rates on service plans and they are pretty high and pretty stable in the developed markets and there is opportunity for growth in the emerging markets. We also continue to add to our portfolio and professional service offerings and these are the more consultative type of programs that are more informatics driven that customers find incredibly valuable. As it relates to the chemistries it’s really a little bit of both what you mentioned. The core column business is very solid, very solid aftermarket that reflects the high utilization of our systems, but also kind of a gradually improving mix based on the growth of UPLC methods. And as you know UPLC columns tend to be sold at a little more of a premium and we have a higher attach rate on our UPLC platforms than our HPLC platforms. And also the kits Glycan measurement is clearly a great area of interest among a lot of our customers and that plus also protein works and in other offerings we have in that area and we think that it’s a smaller business for us right now in terms of these kits, but one that we think has good growth potential on a pretty sustainable basis.
Puneet Souda: Okay. Thanks for that. And one follow-up in terms of you have obviously highlighted in past that smaller accounts and biotechs have become increasingly bigger part of the revenue at Waters over the years and could you give us your sense of sustainability of that over than next year knowing that there is the tax reform driven M&A potentially here and obviously I mean I agree the point that you don’t have the M&A crystal ball neither do we. So I am just trying to understand how to think about if those mid to small sized biotech accounts will continue to become a bigger part of Waters or become consolidated? Thanks.
Chris O’Connell: Yes. I guess like I said earlier Puneet, I don’t really have that crystal ball and probably not the best predictor of what might happen in consolidation. All I can share is the experience I have is I go out into the marketplace myself and as our teams work every day. And that’s that there is a broadening base of customers. And there has been a lot of activity at the startup and midsize level as it relates to our business. Many of those companies that I speak with are looking to build bigger franchises over time. They are going after multiple targets. And to the extent some of those companies are more U.S. oriented that gives them some benefit from tax reform as it relates to their own profitability after tax. Again, we – I would try to gauge the overall inventive and volume related dynamics for the industry at large, almost regardless of who is actually driving that. And we certainly see the big companies driving innovation. We certainly see the small companies driving innovation. And we like that balance that ultimately produces in our business. So it’s a dynamic marketplace and we will just have to what you play out and see where the opportunities are.
Puneet Souda: Okay. Thank you. Very helpful.
Chris O’Connell: I think we have time for about two more questions here before we run out of the top of the hour.
Operator: Okay. Our next question will be from Jack Meehan with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thank you. Good morning, I want to ask about new products, you mentioned that growing testing needs for large molecule, could you give us an update on BioTOF and do you think that could be a contributor in 2018?
Chris O’Connell: Sure, yes. Let me give you quick comment on product and we remind you of my typical answer and that’s that new branding products are really important, but also the new technology that’s in the market is really what’s driving our business clearly in the last 2 years, 3 years, 4 years we have had some great entrants across the board from QD arc to QDA to TQS Micro, TQXS, the discovery series in TA. And we are really keying on a lot of those technologies along with legacy acuity and legacy alliance and all the associated chemistries. In ‘18 we have a number of platform enhancements that are coming out that don’t sound like big fancy new products, but are really important in terms of enhancing the overall application success of our customers. And then BioTOF continues to move well through development. I don’t want to put a specific timeline on the launch, but I am very excited about this program to provide more of an off-the-shelf solution for about molecule characterization that we believe can work its way right into the heart of the routine and regulated workflows first in development than in QA QC. We think there is a lot of demand in the market for it and all I will say is that the product development teams are working very hard and making very good progress. And I anticipate that as we move through the year, I will be able to give you a better sense as to when the market might see that.
Jack Meehan: Great. Looking forward to it. And then just one on the quarter, you mentioned some of the India GST disruption came back, is that fully worked through the system now and maybe just where did that contribute in the quarter?
Chris O’Connell: Yes. So, India as you know had a – we had a decline in Q3 as we had some delays with GST. It’s a complex process of harmonization in terms of both state and national transaction taxes. We did make good progress. One of the things to note though is that the laws around GST are still evolving and that system catch-up that I have talked about before is I think doing well, but still not out of the woods yet and so we think that this as we have said before that the full catch-up process takes more than a quarter. So I wouldn’t say it’s fully back to normal yet, but I think we are probably through the toughest pieces of it and we are supporting our India team with everything we have as company to keep everything moving while we get through it, but there really – there wasn’t any loss in demand through the process it was just more of a transition to work through and we are excited about our India business.
Jack Meehan: Thanks, Chris.
Chris O’Connell: Okay. I think we are one more here.
Operator: Alright. Our last question will come from Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Good afternoon, guys. Good morning. So maybe just on China, can you just give me a view on sort of how you are thinking about the cadence obviously it’s been strong all year and I am more interested in sort of dividing it into kind of the emerging biopharma and generic customers versus sort of some of the more traditional parts of industrial that you touch?
Chris O’Connell: Sure. Yes, thanks for the question on China, Ross, as you know I am excited about China, I was excited about China for my whole career in medical devices and now here at Waters and I think there is just a lot of interesting things going on in that economy as China really moves towards a local innovation economy. Our China business as I have commented before is actually more balanced than most of our major geographies in fact, while 60% of our worldwide revenue is in pharma, only about 50% or even a little less of the business in China is related to pharma, but there is a broad as you suggest a broad backdrop of industrial business of food being over-indexed in China and also the material science business there. I guess I feel like what we are trying to do is to key off some of the major government initiatives, obviously, a lot of the focus now has been on some of the evolution in pharma, there is significant investment in local companies seeking to serve the Chinese market on the small molecule side, but also on biosimilars, I just was in China in mid-December and one night sat down with 10 CEOs of biosimilar companies that were all Chinese biosimilar companies serving the local market and I can’t quite quantify what that exactly means, but I do see a lot of drive for innovation and a lot of optimism that those markets are there and that the government is going to support those therapies as come to patients. There are some broader things going on in China too around one belt, one road around healthy China 2030 and other key initiatives that we are just making sure that we are providing the type of technologies in service, but that companies in China need to take advantage of those trends. So, there is definitely a tilt towards some localization there and we are looking at strategies as to how we continue to localize, but overall we are just trying to maintain that balance in that growth and make sure we feed the eagles in China with the right investments, so that they can continue to grow and perform.
Ross Muken: That’s helpful. And maybe just to close things out, so as we think about ‘18 forecast. This is business pretty predictable, lot of recurring revenue, I guess variability tends to come on the instrument line, if you are thinking about sort of the key sub-segments whether it would be geographic product or end market that is likely to sort of drive maybe a differentiated view versus your original forecast, where do you see the most likely sort of volatility or maybe variability and kind of the assumptions and what markets maybe you have the best sort of inclination versus maybe is there anything, it seems like everything is so positive where you see a little bit of caution?
Chris O’Connell: Yes, I think that’s a crystal ball type question that I would hesitate to put too fine a point on. Obviously, there are different dynamics as it relates to comps, tougher comps and easier comps in various quarters by various geographies and the math is fairly clear there, but I guess the thing that I am assuming and I feel good about is the balance across geographies backed by some reasonable assumptions in the overall global economy and balance across our customer-defined end markets that we saw this year. I mean, if you look at 2017 overall we got 7% out of pharma, 5% out of industrial and 6% out of government and academic. And while those numbers are not completely similar to historic numbers, they do underscore the balance that we see in our business right now. So balance, balance, balance is what we strive for and we will obviously build plans to address unforeseen circumstances as they come up, but just keep our eye on the ball as it relates to delivering this year, but also investing in things that are exciting and will lead to sustainable growth for the future.
Chris O’Connell: So, anyway with that, I think we need to wrap up. We are a little over the hour and I do want to thank all of you for your great questions. Concluding now, we are pleased with our fourth quarter as I mentioned and our full year results for 2017 and it was headlined by our ability to deliver consistently strong organic revenue growth combined with disciplined P&L management to deliver double-digit earnings per share growth. As we move into 2018, we remain focused on execution and feel that market conditions combined with our strong competitive position support continued success. So, on behalf of our entire management team, I would like to thank you for your support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q1 2018 call, which we currently anticipate holding on April 24, 2018. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: John Lynch - Vice President, Investor Relations Christopher O'Connell - CEO Sherry Buck - CFO
Analysts: Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Doug Schenkel - Cowen Jack Meehan - Barclays Dan Arias - Citigroup  Amanda Murphy - William Blair Patrick Donnelly - Goldman Sachs Puneet Souda - Leerink Partners Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Lynch, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Lynch: Thank you, operator, and good morning to everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the fourth quarter and full year 2017. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for January 23, 2018. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro-forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the third quarter of fiscal year 2016. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Waters' Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, John, good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Along with John Lynch, joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, I will provide an overview of our Q3 and year-to-date operating results as well as some broader commentary on the business. Sherry will then review financial details for our reported results and provide an update on our Q4 and full-year 2017 financial outlook. We will then open up the lines for Q&A. In summary, we are very pleased with our third quarter results, where we delivered solid revenue growth from each of our major customer defined end markets, as well as across all of our major product lines, well balanced between instrumentations and recurring revenue. Geographic strength continued in Asia and Europe, and importantly we saw another quarter of sequential improvement in the United States.  Third quarter revenue has been totaled were up 6% compared to the same period in 2016, which built nicely upon our consistent quarterly results in the previous two quarters of 2017. This Q3 performance led to year-to-date revenue growth of 6% and a very strong P&L featuring operating leverage and consistent double-digit earnings per share growth of 13% for the quarter and 13% year-to-date. Additionally, we delivered another quarter of strong free cash flow bringing our year-to-date growth in free cash flow to 11%. Taking a closer look and starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level, sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category grew 5% in the quarter which is encouraging against a strong low teen base of comparison in the prior year. Our pharmaceutical growth was led by strength in large molecule and biomedical research applications. Geographic growth was balanced between our developed and emerging markets and we also absorbed some headwinds from the natural disasters in the Americas and meaningful timing delays in India caused by our customers' implementation of systems to accommodate the new goods and services tax protocols or GST.  Year-to-date overall sales for our pharmaceutical markets were up 6% against the strong prior year performance. Our ongoing strategy work continues to emphasize the vast opportunities in our core pharmaceutical business where we believe we are very well positioned to benefit from rising global regulatory standards, increasing patient access to medical therapies and growing volumes of biologic therapies that require more demanding analytical testing methods.  Sales to our worldwide industrial category which includes the materials characterization, food, environmental and fine chemical markets grew 5% in the quarter led by strength in material characterization. Overall, we have seen encouraging growth across applications within our industrial markets where year-to-date sales are growing 7%. Looking at our governmental and academic category, we saw sales grow by 13% in Q3 with broad based performance across all major geographies. In the quarter, we experienced strength in spending from academic institutions focused on biomedical and Omex research.  Now I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters branded instruments sales grew 4% in the third quarter and are growing 4% year-to-date. Within instruments, I would like to particularly highlight our bench top LC tandem mass specs systems led by our higher-end GVO TQXS as well as the workflow GVO TQX Micro. Mass spec continues overall to grow solidly in the quarter and consistently year-to-date. As we have commented on the past, we continue to see the expansion of mass spec technology into routine use quantification workflows primarily in food safety and biopharmaceutical applications. The development of our tandem, Quad [zero] platform has enabled us to meet evolving demand for reproducible quantification capabilities for both small and large molecules.  Waters branded recurring revenues the combination of service and precision chemistries grew 8% in the quarter and now represent approximately 50% of our Waters business. Recurring revenues were driven by global strength of our service, HPLC and UPLC application kits and our complete chemistry offerings. Year-to-date our chemistry and service revenues have grown at 7% indicative of high utilization rates for our installed base of Waters instruments.  Turning to our TA product lines, sales grew by 9% in the quarter bringing our year-to-date growth to 7%. Instrument sales for TA grew 12% in the quarter and continue to be led by our new discovery line of thermal analyzers introduced in 2016. This strong quarterly result also benefitted from the growth of rheology and high temperature thermal systems. We are well positioned to capitalize on market trends of rising innovation in highly engineered, high performance materials.  Finally, I will review our performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia, our largest reach in terms of revenue grew by 8% again led by China which grew faster as well as Japan.  Our China operation saw a solid growth from all of our core markets. Within the pharmaceutical category growth drivers continue to include new regulatory requirements for China’s Food and Drug Administration. In the industrial category, China experienced strong growth across our materials characterization, food testing and environmental customers. Japan continue to benefit from strengthened governmental and academic customers and steady growth from pharmaceutical customers.  As mentioned previously, disruptions associated with customers, implementations of the new GST reporting system impacted our results in India in the quarter, we expect this situation to smooth out over the next couple of quarters, with continued solid overall performance of our Indian business.  Turning to the Americas. Sales were flat in the quarter, with our U.S. sales up 1% despite headwinds from recent natural disasters in the broader region. Macroeconomic and governmental policy uncertainties that we talked about last quarter, still persist, affecting general business activity in the United States, but we are seeing steady sequential improvement in line with our expectations. We are looking for continued improvement in the U.S. growth trends based on our strong product and market position.  Europe was a strong contributor to the third quarter, with sales growing 13%, highlighted by broad-based growth from our pharmaceutical customers, across product categories and throughout the region.  We saw strength in bio-pharma applications where we are well positioned with our targeted LCMS and a bio-molecule separation solution. We also saw strong service revenue from our large and growing base of installed systems.  Commenting further on Europe, I was able to spend to sometime in the region this quarter with customers and employees. In addition to a deep dive into our high potential Eastern European operations, a highlight of this trip was my visit to the Water separation in Brasov Romania. The Brasov team has grown steadily over the years, into one of our top operational sites worldwide, recently this site became Waters Informatics Center of Excellence, supporting development of our Empower Chromatography Data Systems, Unified Software Technology and New Genesis Lab Management System as well as the development of LCMS and TA instrument drivers. During my visit we dedicated a modern new facility designed to enable collaboration and innovation. Our informatics offering is a key differentiator for Waters and Brasov is a significant contributor to this strength.  So, as we head into the home stretch of 2017, I am pleased with the consistent top line and bottom line results the company has delivered for the first three quarters of the year.  We also remain steadfastly focused on our five-point value creation model. As I have constituently communicated, we aim to create shareholder value by first holding a unique and highly differentiated position in structurally attractive markets. Second, executing a clear growth strategy driven by organic innovation. Third, seeking opportunity for continuous operational improvement. Fourth, being a disciplined capital allocator and fifth operating with a performance oriented culture and management team.  Finally, I’d like to comment on last week's announcement regarding the retirement of Doug Berthiaume as Chairman of the Board of Directors and my election as the new Chairman effective January 1, 2018. You all know Doug, as a visionary leader, who built the modern Water’s and created significant value for shareholders. His achievements as Chairman and CEO have profoundly impacted our customers, employees, shareholders and the broader community. During the past two years in his role as Non-Executive Chairman, Doug has been invaluable mentor for me and orchestrated a smooth and productive transition. On a personal level, I am grateful for his example and his support and we’ll continue to utilize him for advice and counsel.  More broadly in my view, Waters has always been a model for good corporate governance with a rigorous cadence to Board meetings, robust transparency practices and a strong lead independent director. As part of this, I am pleased that Tom Salice will continue in his position as lead Director working very closely with to sustain and continuously enhance our governance practices.  Furthermore, I will continue our efforts underway to ensure the optimal mix of backgrounds and capabilities for our Directors to our ongoing board development program. This initiative has already resulted in the recruitment of Dr. Flemming Ornskov, CEO of Shire Pharmaceuticals as a new Director of Waters. Flemming has now participated in two board meetings and has added valuable new insights to the Board and management team. I look forward to continuing to develop our Board, to ensure the highest possible quality and effectiveness of our governance practices.  With that, I’d like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of our third quarter financials. Sherry?
Sherry Buck : Thank you, Chris and good morning, everyone. We recorded net sales in the third quarter of $566 million, an increase of about 6% before currency translation which increased sales growth in the quarter by about 1% and results again 7% reported sales growth. In the quarter, pharmaceutical markets grew 5%, our industrial markets also grew 5% and sales to academic and governmental customers were up 13%. Product line growth was strongest in our recurring revenue with the combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue growing 7% while instrument sales grew 5% in the quarter.  Breaking that down further, sales relating to Waters' branded products and services were up 6% while TA's grew 9%. Combined LC and LCMS instrument platform sales increased by 4% and TA’s instrumentation system sales grew 12% as we continue to see the benefits of new product introduction. Our total recurring revenues associated with both Waters and TA products grew by 7%.  Looking at our growth rates in the third quarter geographically, and before currency translation, sales in the Americas were flat with sales in the US increasing 1%. European sales were up 13%. Sales in Asia were up 8% led by strong growth in China and Japan.  Now I would like to comment on our third quarter non-GAAP performance versus the prior year. Growth margins for the quarter were steady coming in at 58.3%. Positive mix dynamics and product manufacturing efficiencies were offset by approximately 30 basis points of currency headwinds from higher cost as a result of the UK pound and the euro. Moving down the third quarter’s P&L. Operating expenses were up 5% on a constant currency basis. Foreign currency translation increased the operating expense growth by about 1% on a reported basis. Year-to-date sales have grown about 1% faster than operating expenses. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate before effects of the new stock compensation rule for the quarter was about 14%. This is the result of the mix of the legal entity process in the quarter. Including a $0.03 benefit from new stock option accounting rules, the non-GAAP effective operating tax rate was about 12%. In the quarter, net interest expense was $5 million down about $1 million from year. Our average share count came in at 80.5 million shares or approximately 900,000 shares lower than in the third quarter last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program.  During the third quarter, we bought 4,37,500 shares of our common stock for $79 million. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the third quarter were up 13% to $1.77, in comparison to earnings of a $1.57 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.69, versus $1.53 last year. both our non-GAAP and GAAP earnings included benefit of $0.03 resulting from the new stock compensation accounting rules.  The impacts of foreign currency translation in the quarter on earnings per share were a positive $0.01. keeping the year-to-date impact about neutral. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release, issued this morning.  Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $3.3 billion and debt totaled $2 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of $1.3 billion. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the third quarter of 2017, cash flow was strong and came in at $134 million after funding $20 million of capital expenditures. Modest improvements in working capital efficiency and disciplined capital spending contributed to our cash generation. This represents both a strong quarterly performance and year-to-date growth of approximately 11%.  Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 73 days this quarter, which is down two days from the second quarter of this year and three days compared to Q3 of last year. In the quarter inventories were approximately $298 million compared to $303 million in the third quarter of the prior year which was in line with our expectations.  As we look forward to the balance of the year, I’d like to share our full year and fourth quarter 2017 guidance. Our outlook generally assumes continued global growth and demand from our end markets and consistent growth in our recurring revenue. Bringing this altogether we continue to expect constant currency sales to increase 5% to 6% for the full year. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to be neutral for the full year.  Out outlook for gross margins for the year is consistent with our previous guidance, in the range of 58.5% to 59%. Higher volume and manufacturing efficiency gains are expected to continue to be offset by negative effects from foreign currency translation. Our plan for the year is to continue managing operating expense growth at a rate that is less than our sales growth.  Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $22 million. We estimate our full year tax rate including an expected benefit to earnings per share of approximately $0.19 due to new stock option accounting rules, to be about 12%. This is comprised of approximately $0.17 benefit realized year-to-date plus an assumed amount of $0.02 in the fourth quarter of this year.  Quarter-to-quarter variation will reflect the timing of actual stock option exercises and our stock price. We continue to provide a reconciliation of this item with remainder of 2017.  Our guidance regarding capital allocation assumes continuation of our share repurchase program for 2017, at a rate that will results an average diluted share count of about 80 million shares outstanding. Rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2017 earnings per fully diluted share are projected to be within a range of $7.38 to $7.48. At current rates, the foreign currency impact on full year earnings per share growth is expected to be about neutral.  Looking at the fourth quarter of 2017, we expect constant currency sales growth in the range of 3 to 5% against a very strong basic comparison as well as another quarter of likely impact from hurricane affected areas.  At today’s rates, currency translation is expected to positively impact fourth quarter sales growth by about 2 to 3%. Combining these top line factors with a moderate increase in expenses and assumed $0.02 of tax benefit due to the new accounting standard, we estimate fourth quarter earnings per diluted share in the range of $2.38 to $2.48.  Now I’d like to turn the call back to Chris. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Great, thank you Sherry. As we move into the fourth quarter, we will continue to emphasize execution in our core businesses and delivering on our operating performance objectives. As we have stated, we will seek the balance growth, operating leverage and investment in the business. With that, we will now open phone lines for Q&A. we are rarely able to get to everyone’s question, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and if you have additional questions after the call, please contact our Investor Relations team. Operator, may we have the first question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Tim Evans from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Tim Evans: Hi, thank you. Can you perhaps give us a sense for how big the hurricane impact and the India GST impact was in the quarter and maybe also hope that you’re expecting at least for Q4. 
Christopher O'Connell: Sure Tim, thanks for the question. We estimate that these one-timers that we refer to in the call hit our top line growth rate by about 1% and that was roughly equally split between the natural disasters in the Americas region and the India GST but as we commented, those factors will look a little bit different in the fourth quarter. We think that the India GST situation is working through as we speak and you know while we may not be completely out of the woods, we expect to recover that business steadily over the coming two or three quarters and that’s really simply a delay in orders and shipments.  From a natural disaster standpoint, it was really the US that took the majority of the hit in the third quarter where some of that risk shifts to Latin America for the fourth quarter but you know hopefully the impact will be somewhat less in Q4 than we saw in Q3. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming is from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey Thanks. Chris, I want to ask a little bit about kind of the bifurcation growth you’re seeing out of Europe versus the US. You know the particular sub-segments in Europe that are driving 30% growth this quarter, I mean that certainly stands out and then conversely here in the US, I noticed it does feel slow a little bit sequentially versus an easier comp. Is that kind of dragging down the US market?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, yes. Thanks, Tycho for the question. There is definitely a bifurcation as you pointed out between the US and Europe and you know I’ll first make a comment more on the pharmaceutical business. As you know the pharma business is a very global business and clearly what our experience here and sort of the short-term we are seeing the larger multinational pharma company is favoring. The more friendly operating environment in Europe, right now and that’s obviously driven by more and more certain environment on tax and regulation and trade.  And so, the U.S. does feel like its bending a little bit of wait and see mode, but like we said in the call, we definitely saw a sequential improvement in that tone in the U.S. certainly Q2 was better than Q1 and Q3 was better than Q2, so hopefully we’re stepping out of that and as you know sometimes these companies have cycled their purchasing activity between the U.S. and Europe and that’s what we think we’re seeing right now.  In the industrial sector, we actually saw a growth in both the U.S. and in Europe, which was encouraging. Our industrial performance is pretty broad-based right now, and in academic and government we also saw a growth in both the U.S and in Europe. So really the U.S. versus Europe question is really trading-off pharma demand but like we said we’re very encouraged with pharma demand overall, we think pharma demand is healthy, despite the near-term U.S. shift and the pharma growth that we saw in the quarter was obviously on tough comps as well as absorbing some of those one-timers that we just spoke about a few minutes ago. 
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, I know on biopharma, if you could just comment a little bit on where you are feeling better or worse, I know you like to talk about the increasingly broad customer base there and I know you highlighted large molecule but we get a lot of questions on the generic side given some of the headlines there, so I am wondering if you can comment on, what you are hearing from those customers as well?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, I think a lot of the themes that we saw in the quarter, Tycho were pretty similar to what we have been seeing all year and what I have been seeing over the past couple of years, the demand in generics is good. There is obviously some headlines with some bigger companies out there, but again keeping in mind that even in some of the larger generics companies that have had some difficulty, our business is much more a function of volume and production than it is about say new initiatives.  But the generics market is very broad based, certainly the Indian business has been consistently strong despite the short-term dislocations with system implementation and GST and the U.S. continues to see new investment in generic categories from startup companies and mid-sized companies. And as I alluded into the call, the biopharma market has been really solid again, we continue to see the majority of the innovator companies focusing their investments on new analytical techniques for biopharma and as you heard at our analyst day and in subsequent investor conversations, we continue to highlight our strategy to win in that environment. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is coming from Dan Leonard from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you, Chris how are you thinking about the opportunity on the margin side as you head into 2018?
Christopher O’Connell: Sure, margin is as I pointed out in the call on the value creation model, our margin philosophy and approach is to look for continuous improvement, obviously we operate at strong margins. As I said before, I think our margin profile is a unique reflection of our business model, and the concentration we have in highly attractive end markets and technologies and it's not a reflection of being optimized in any way and so we have a strong operational improvement initiative underway, where we think we can achieve modest ongoing operational improvements.  If you look at our P&L year-to-date, we’ve delivered operating leverage in the quarter and year-to-date on both a reported basis and a constant currency basis and so I think that mentality is going to continue into ’18. We’re not giving guidance on ’18 yet and we’ll certainly do that in the January call. But we will be looking at another solid year of revenue and looking to drive some modest operating improvements while continuing to invest in future growth particularly in R&D. Maybe I’ll take a moment while you raise that just to comment but one of the things I like most about our P&L both quarter-to-date and year-to-date is that we’ve achieved a really nice leverage on the SG&A line while investing in R&D our year-to-date R&D investment on a constant currency basis is up about 10%. I mean that’s really a reflection of our strong desire to continue to lead the industry and organic innovation.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming is from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi, good morning. A couple of questions. The first one Sherry just a question I mean you’re doing a $0.19 tailwind from the stock based comp this year. I guess can you talk about how you’re looking at what that would translate over into ’18 and obviously the follow-up question I mean there is obviously there is tax reform you’re going to be able to repatriate some cash. Can you sort of talk about what cash is overseas and sort of what your initial thoughts would be, I assume you would use some of that to buy back shares to help offset this? What are the dynamics on the questions posed?
Sherry Buck: Sure, that’s a really good question on the stock compensation impact for next year and I'd say it’s a little bit too early as Chris talked about for our guidance for 2018. Probably the best comments here I can provide is we’re looking at better operating tax rate and we would expect that to remain consistent in the mid-teens as you’ve seen this year.  And then switching to your next question on tax reform, as we shared with our team internally looking at the tax reform and we have an ad hoc finance committee meeting that is helping us also in this arena. And for us we have a lot of optionality and we obviously would look to continue our share repurchase program but it will free up quite a bit of cash on our balance sheet and as we think about deploying that and looking to invest in the business is important to us and looking at our debt profile as well as return to shareholders. And we think we have a lot of options and we’re going to watch closely with the details of the tax reform emerges and put a fine point on it when we have some more details. I don’t know Chris if you’d like to add anything else?
Christopher O’Connell: That’s well said Sherry. 
Derik de Bruin: Okay, a follow-up question. Just wanted you to walk through the EPS bridge for the full year. It looks by my math, you're about a negative 2% FX headwind before and then now you’re talking about initial lines of benefits it's like a $0.14 increase by my math and then you know obviously the increases sort of full year is not as high as we would have thought sort of based upon that math. I guess what’s going on with the underlying business. It looks like it’s a little bit lark, just walk through the EPS bridge.
Sherry Buck : Yeah, so we're looking at the EPS bridge, basically as we look at our guidance, we’re following through our Q3 and just a little bit of the FX and as Chris mentioned earlier, we’re taking some of the FX upside and investing in the business through R&D year-to-date up about 10% on a constant currency basis, so really trying to balance the benefit of some of the operating leverage and investing in the business. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel : Good morning. What was core revenue growth by each sub-segment within the food, environmental and core industrial category and could you provide any relevant details on trends within each sub-segment by geography?
Christopher O'Connell: Doug, I think we’re not going to go breakout those details at that level granularity, but I’d point you back to some of our general commentary. Our industrial business was quite well balanced actually across many of those different categories in food and materials characterization and environmental and it was really well balanced across our major geographies, U.S., Europe and China were all in positive territory on industrial and India was slightly negative in part due to the GST tax implementation, but these are smaller, much smaller number and industrial as you know with a bigger pharma business.  So, I would just look at both quarter results, but also on industrial the year-to-date results and last 12-month results all in positive territory in the U.S., China and in Europe. 
Doug Schenkel : Okay. Just flipping back to biopharma. You had a good year, but your biopharma revenue growth for the year has lagged the broader tools group at least the last couple of quarters. This may simply be a function of your concentration on certain product classes and company specific comparisons, that said Chris, how comfortable are you that competitive share shifts are not also a factor?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, I guess as you sort of alluded to Doug, the basic comparison last two quarters of low teens growth in prior year has to be taken into consideration when looking at our pharma growth rate, but we have been really rock solid at 6% pharma growth both year-to-date as well as last 12 months and over almost any rolling period. I am confident that we are doing well from a share standpoint in the pharma business and if you compare our results over almost any rolling period to competition, I think you’ll see that.  We obviously do the best we can to look at market share data from different sources like SDI and the oldest survey and all of those surveys tend to reinforce the same point. As you know share can be very sticky in these markets. We have done a good job innovating and holding on these shares, certainly there are some categories where we have seen some pressure like high resolution Mass spectrometry in recent years, but we also are continuing to invest in new technology that will turn that in the other direction.  In the heart of the LCMS world, we have done very well from a share standpoint, we believe especially with the broadening of our [indiscernible] product line that I talked about earlier and [indiscernible]. And as those two technologies continue to grow together and utilization we think we’re well positioned for share gains in the future.  And then our core LC business, we have got a very strong base of share that’s really headlined by not just for multiple technology categories of HPLC and UPLC but also our empower chromatography data systems, keep in mind we own about two-thirds of the market for CDS, which gives us great visibility into what’s happening with instruments in the market and is the major competitive advantage that only continues to be enhanced. So, we do try to study the share question as much as we can but we feel good about where we are.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Jack Meehan from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Thanks, and good morning guys. Chris, I was wondering, could you elaborate on the industrial trends in the quarter, obviously a great result from TA and as you think about the fourth quarter, a little bit of a tougher comp there. If you could talk about the setup that would be great?
Christopher O’Connell: So, as you point out the industrial has been a good story all year long as just to reiterate our industrial growth year-to-date has been 7% and actually last 12 months has been 9% because as you allude to we did have a strong fourth quarter in industrial last year. I would say that the balance in our industrial performance is really good between TA and those Waters categories. And TA has really come on strong this year, TA has had a year as you’ve seen that’s developed well over the course of the year and this quarter we saw double digit instrument growth out of TA and naturally a reflection of this we believe is really a winning product strategy around the discovery line of thermal analyzers which as you know has been rolling out steadily since mid-2016 and we’re still in the process of maturing that overall portfolio of tiered instruments for all the different thermal applications.  I think we’re also encouraged by the performance of some of the more recent acquisitions of TA, as you should know TA has a bit of a drum beat of small tuck-in product line acquisitions like the electro force group and [indiscernible] things we’ve talked about in the past and a lot of those are also beginning to scale a little bit and give us strength and even a broader footprint in some of these industrial markets.  So obviously we watch this closely, when we came into the year we were setting out to have good balance growth between pharma and industrial and I think that’s what’s played out over the course of year and I think one of the more satisfying aspects of the year-to-date so far. 
Jack Meehan: Great. And then just one for Sherry, you mentioned on gross margin FX is about 30 bp headwind that would imply about flat year-over-year or otherwise. Could you just talk about some of the mix impact in the quarter, whether its product or end market driven that got to that result?
Sherry Buck: Sure, any question we have a lot of pushes and pulls on the gross margin. So there as some positive mix dynamics and manufacturing variances were helped some of the cushions on it, we had a pretty strong service quarter and so as you know that’s kind of a headwind to our gross margin but it helps us on the operating margin. Our US performance, with it being, it has been improved but now there is bigger part of the total that is also a little bit of a headwind on the gross margin. So, you put all those things together and with the FX that gets us to our gross margins for the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Steve [indiscernible] from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, thanks. First is just a couple of housekeeping items for Sherry and then I have one for Chris. Sherry, there are some new revenue recognition rules coming into play for next year to get a chance to take a look at those and then see if you have any sense whether they’ll impact particularly on service any of the rev record counting?  And then also for Sherry, it seems like currency for next year is probably going to be I don’t know, maybe 3%, 4% positive to the bottom line, is that anywhere close to what you’re thinking? And then again, I had one for Chris. 
Sherry Buck : Sure, on the revenue recognition, our team has been doing quite a bit of work on that globally just to understand the impacts of it and while we aren’t totally complete with everything our current assessment would be that we’re not having material impact on our revenue line or the service contracts at this point in time.  Your other housekeeping question about FX for next year. So, a little too early to be giving guidance for 2018, we will do that in January, but I would say looking at today’s FX rates it would be just a slight positive tailwind, I wouldn’t be thinking as high as 3 or 4% based on today’s rates. But, too early to call obviously since we are not in 2018 yet. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks Sherry, and then Chris look we have covered a lot of details here in the Q&A, I’d love to just kind of open it up to you and ask a real simple question, it's like over the next I don’t know quarter a year, you can pick the time horizon, if you want investors thinking about one thing that you really excited about that’s a driver of topline growth through Waters that you think people might under appreciate. What is that? And I’ll let others step in here. Thanks. 
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thanks for the question Steve and it’s a good time to think about those things, we have just completed our second annual strategic planning process, we had a great discussion with our Board of Directors last week in New York. And one of the things that I have gained a deeper appreciation for I guess I have been on the job a little more than two years now, is just the opportunity out there, I think there is more opportunity in this business that I have been appreciated, when I first came in and that really is a function of sort of the inexorable desire of the world to gain even deeper insights into the molecular structure of material of all type whether its drugs, food or materials and I think as we look at our long range plans and we look at our technology roadmap, making our technology more accessible to more users and to really open up that opportunity not just in Pharma but in our other categories is a big opportunity. I’d say at the very top of our list is something that I have mentioned in some previous settings, including your conference, which is just the rise in analytical rigor around bio-molecules and the opportunity to move LC plus Mass spec workflows into routine regulated applications and we have talked a little bit about our [indiscernible] program and there is lot behind that is well.  But I think there is some things out there that could lay the foundation for sustainable growth for a long period of time. And as we put more specificity around workflows and applications and informatics for the other vertical markets, we think that this is a great market development opportunity overall and I think what I am most excited about as we really hold all the cards in this deck, we have a very strong position as you know in chemical separations in Mass spectrometry particularly the integrated use of Mass spectrometry of course precision chemistries and the informatics that makes it all work together and comply with regulation and compliance needs.  And so, I know that’s a bit of a long answer but that’s the opportunity that’s on my mind, and so it's up to us as the management team to be a very disciplined on how we continue to deliver strong results and growth but also balance that margin expansion with the investment in the business, to get after these opportunities. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming is from Dan Arias from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Good morning, thank you. Chris, within Mass spec, can you just put some color to your comments there. You came back to the expansion of the application base in MS. So, at this point you’re seeing higher growth from routine testing or is it more of the discovery research segment? Just curious how the split looks by usage or is there in fact a difference?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, it’s a good question Dan and actually as I highlighted in the note, we’ve been encouraged by our mass spec performance this year. We’ve had a solid mass spec year both in the quarter and year-to-date and that strength is broad based. We are seeing I think the beginnings of what I alluded to there in the prior question about the movement of mass spec into the heart of product development and even working its way even further downstream in to QA QC.  But discovery has been robust, but it's also been robust in the applied markets. Our tandem quad portfolio in particular with [indiscernible] TQSX and TQS Micro is shown its strength in the food and in some of the chemical application areas as well. So again, somewhat of an outside in view coming into the company, I really do see mass spec overtime playing out as a much more broadly utilized tool in more simple formats that go well beyond some of the research applications that its traditionally been known for. 
Dan Arias: Okay, helpful. And then if I just maybe could ask one more question on the setup within the customer class. If I just look at the coming quarter, the comp for biopharma is 6% I believe which is less than what it was this quarter. So, I mean if you just look ahead at 4Q, do you think you could finish the year a couple of points higher in biopharma or is 5 to 6% in line with what you’ve done year-to-date still the way to think about it?
Christopher O'Connell: You know Dan I guess I just comment that what we always typically say which is we look at the long-term historical growth rate of the markets which we have very much been tracking at on sort of a rolling basis as we’ve said. And we continue to strive for that and strive to overachieve it where we can.  And obviously year-end dynamics will play into that and I think we continue to look at the business as a global business. We’re cautious in the US at this point but cautiously optimistic we think and we’re not assuming everything goes right in terms of our guidance and so we’ll continue to take step by step but the main point is that we think the pharma market is healthy overall is a very attractive and increasingly attractive market looking forward. And so, we’ll just continue to stay laser focused on it in getting the best we can.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amanda Murphy from William Blair. Your line is open. 
Amanda Murphy: Alright, good morning. I actually had a similar question to Dan just in terms of the LCE side of the business. So obviously you’ve talked about or just talked about growth in generics and how that’s going to continue drive our results strength in biologics. So, I just is wondering if you could help us understand kind of how the mix looks like in the install base at this point so between the alliance platform and then some of the UPLC product kind of what does that look like and how has it changed, how do you expect it to change and kind of what’s the contribution to growth from both sides at this point?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure on the LCE business Amanda, that’s a good question and we continue to see pretty good balance actually between our HPLC and UPLC platforms and you know at this point in time alliance in HPLC is still bigger in terms of units, the new PLC and also don’t forget the [indiscernible] system which is a hybrid system that can bridge those methods and so we have a pretty robust portfolio and we continue to develop enhancements to that platform alongside our informatics platform because it's really LC plus Optical detection plus empower chromatography data systems as an overall system solution that is really the offering in the marketplace that serves particularly that generic customer as well as a wide variety of other types of molecules and it's not just the LC component but its actually the system and that’s why you hear us talking so much about more of a systems orientation and systems engineering and transformational engineering things we can do uniquely by pulling all those things together. 
Amanda Murphy : Got it, okay and then I also another question on China. So, one of the other areas you talked about in the past as being a driver of growth is traditional medicine. I just was curious if you had any contacts around how big that market could be for you, is that, as you think about China is obviously growing quite well, but how much of that market is driving the growth at this point and again kind of thinking going forward?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, that’s a good question. TCM is definitely a unique aspect of the China market, and it's hard to predict I think or get our arms around how big that could be but it’s an important market and the data point that I always love to hear and see is that the Chinese population takes prescriptions in equal amounts for TCM type products as well as traditional medical therapies and yet the labeling requirements in the testing methods around TCMs are small but growing quickly and so there does seem to be a genuine interest on a part of the Chinese regulators to continue to enhance the labeling requirements and the testing requirements for TCMs and we think that’s a long term tailwind, those are pretty niche applications now. But we definitely see TCM and I'd also throw in food and food testing alongside TCM as categories that are seeing increasing regulation within China.  China, has been a great story for the Company, we have had a very strong year-to-date in last 12 months and quarter itself in China and the thing that continues to impress me about China is the balance and the breadth of that growth, China is actually less concentrated in pharma than a lot of other markets, its more concentrated in food and materials than other markets and even within pharma has a lot of diversity in terms of generics, innovator drugs and TCMs. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Patrick Donnelly from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Patrick Donnelly: Great thanks. Chris, I think you guys aren’t the best proxy for government academic market given your relatively small exposure but certainly saw some notable growth there. Can you maybe just kind of talk through where you saw particular areas of strength and then maybe just a focus on the U.S. what you saw with the lab budgets here? 
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, no actually Patrick you are exactly right, you said it well which is we’re not a great proxy for that market, its roughly 10% of our revenue. It was definitely a good quarter overall and that built on the 5% we grew in the prior quarter and year-to-date though if you look at more the rolling period of year-to-date or last 12 months were in that low to mid-single digit type range which is again I think more characteristic of that market overall.  As we pointed out before, the academic market is small for us and somewhat lumpy. So, we do get quarter-to-quarter variation and will continue to emphasize that because if the market goes down a bit or up a bit, we don’t get overly exercised because we see a pretty steady drumbeat of that business over the rolling period. But in particular there just continues I think to be a very healthy appetite for investment in biomedical research and in the Omex and we’re particularly pleased with our position in a lot of the metabolomics type work, assays and have particularly strength there and we have seen greater and greater interest from the research community on metabolomics and better understanding of microbiome and some of the related areas of biomedical research.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay, makes sense. And maybe just one more on pharma and obviously a few questions on that, but when you look at the last couple of quarters at 4 or 5% growth, when you look forward, do you see kind of pockets of growth opportunity that you feel can reaccelerate this market towards kind of the high single digit growth that you feel and I know you talked about the longer-term growth rate of 6%. I mean do you feel like we’re kind of in the cycle where we’re going to hang around there for a little while there?
Christopher O'Connell: I don’t exactly know, I mean I think we feel good about the overall market right now as we’ve said and you now we never get too far ahead of our tips if you will in terms of forecasting accelerated growth over historical trends but as you know we do get that from time-to-time from quarter-to-quarter and we’ve had some years like that and we do think that the underlying trends in pharma give us that possibility of continuing to see better growth from time-to-time and to fairly safely rely on that through the long-term historical rates. So, it's pretty hard to predict when that happens but it has happened and ought to continue to happen from time-to-time that we get some acceleration. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Puneet Souda from Leerink Partners. Your line is open. 
Puneet Souda: Hi Chris, thanks for taking my questions. A quick clarification on the GST, I just assume India has still 7 to 8% of the mix. So, if you look at the GST categories and changes from a tax perspective and the GST tax buckets, once they are accounted for is it a benefit to the customer or is it a negative for them and then if that market is still continuing to be largely alliance or some of them shifting to UPLC on the generic end?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, thanks for the question and just to clarify couple of quick things. India is more in the 6 to 7% range of our mix versus 7% to 8% but that’s a pretty small difference and yes, GST is actually a really important thing and its just [indiscernible] of India and a bull on India and the economy and the government of India really. I applaud the implementation of GST as well as measures like demonetization. I think what India is doing right now is putting in some changes to their economy that could pave the way for more stability going forward.  The delay in orders and shipments is purely related to systems implementations for our customers to be compliant with the new laws and that our systems have to match up to their systems. So, as we work through that which we’re working through real time, and our customers are working through that will provide certainly a very stable base of transactional capability going forward and I don’t see it as any kind of an ongoing headwind, or in particular on a Q tailwind other than the catch that we will see. But really, I think it's another example of more of a long term foundational attribute of the Indian economy that will benefit the country overtime. 
Puneet Souda: Okay, thanks for that. And quickly on the Hurricane impact as well as just wanted to understand, are you expecting, are you accounting for any of the uptick and instrument replacement at some of these mass specs and LC that are largely sitting idle, I mean I ask that because some of us would been in mass specs, and essential detectors rule go bad overtime as they are sitting on the back end, so just trying to understand if there is any replacement tailwind coming from that in your guidance and expectations?
Christopher O'Connell: I think we’re actually pretty conservative on that and we’re not assuming any kind of accelerated replacement or tailwind there. I mean we’re really focused on the needs of our employees and our customers, obviously we have employees in some of these ravaged areas Puerto Rico and beyond and our focus is really purely on getting people back up and running and helping our customers work through this and if that results in some additional opportunity down the road great, but we’re not thinking opportunistically about it in that way, we’re thinking more operationally about it and doing the best we can to serve our customers.  So, I think we have time, for one or two quick ones here, John maybe two more please operator. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard : Thanks. One quicker for Sherry, sort of housekeeping items. What was the revenue contribution from M&A in the third quarter, and just to confirm, you do have an extra day in the fourth quarter, correct?
Sherry Buck : Yes, so just a very small contribution from M&A coming through TA as Chris mentioned in his earlier comments. And then there isn’t extra day in the fourth quarter and we kind of fully factor that into our outlook and guidance. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Thanks Steven here. Just a quick one for Sherry and then a question for Chris. Sherry, just when I am looking, just want to make sure I have a little math right here on your third quarter results. I believe your guidance was for a 4% to 5% headwind from FX and then FX was a penny positive, do I have that right, so it's kind of a similar in a $0.07 to $0.09 positive swing for FX in the quarter. 
Sherry Buck : Yes, that’s correct. 
Steve Willoughby: Okay. And then Chris just wonder if you could comment all about kind of your product vitality in terms of what products are driving your growth these days whether its new products, kind of older products, how the QDA fits into that and any comments on kind of the overall new product pipeline?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, I won't give too precise of an answer on that, because it does move around quarter to quarter but actually -- we are balance really comes to our mind, I am impressed by the contribution of very old products if you will like Alliance, HPLC Systems with empower chromatography data. That continues to chug along and be a very reliable source of growth. We continue to see good uptick on what I will call sort of medium in the market products like UPLC and QD arc as well. Like I said mass specs have been really solid and that’s been a combination of some technology that’s been in the market for a few years like TQS Micro, QDA, but also the [indiscernible] which is about a year old.  So, have a lot of balance, and we do have a pretty strong product cycle we believe coming up in ’18 and beyond and we’ll continue to try to leverage all aspects of this. One thing I do think about a lot of not just the launch of new technology but really how that technology grabs hold and gets traction in the marketplace and sometimes the biggest impact you actually see in a lot of these products and technology categories is actually in your two, three and four as some of those technologies work their way in to more standards of measurement.  So anyway, we think we have a pretty vibrant product offering and a good product position in this as I’ve said today and many times R&D investment is our number one priority for growth for the future.  So anyway, with that maybe we’ll finish with the questions and just want to say thank you for the great questions from all of you. In conclusion, we’re pleased with our results through the first three quarters of 2017, headlined by our ability to deliver consistently strong organic revenue growth combined with disciplined P&L management to deliver double digit earnings per share growth. As we close out 2017, we remain focused on execution and feel that market conditions combined with our strong competitive position support continued success.  So, on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you for our support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q4 2017 call which we currently anticipate holding on January 23rd 2018. Thanks, and have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: John Lynch - Vice President, Investor Relations Christopher O'Connell - CEO Sherry Buck - CFO
Analysts: Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Doug Schenkel - Cowen Company Paul Knight - Janney Montgomery Dan Arias - Citi Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Luke Sergott - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Lynch: Thank you, operator, and good morning everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the third quarter and full year 2017. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 2017. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the mostly directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro-forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Waters' Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Along with John Lynch, joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, I will provide an overview of our Q2 and year-to-date operating results, as well as some broader commentary on our business. Sherry will then review financial details for our reported results and provide an update on our full-year 2017 financial outlook. We will then open the lines for Q&A to take your questions. Jumping right in, I am pleased with our second quarter results where we delivered growth in all three of our major customer defined end markets of pharmaceutical, industrial and governmental and academic. In addition, product sales were balanced with steady growth in our recurring revenue and our core LC, LC/MS, and thermal analysis systems. Geographically we continued to see strength in Asia and Europe with slower demand in the Americas, though with improving trends in the United States. Overall second quarter revenues grew at 5% against a strong base of comparison in the second quarter last year. Year-to-date, our sales were up 6% also against a strong comparison led by solid growth in our pharmaceutical markets and a continued improving demand from our industrial end markets. Looking at our P&L, disciplined operating spending and operating efficiencies resulted in operating leverage, and therefore adjusted earnings per share growth of 11% in the quarter and 13% year-to-date. Additionally, we delivered another record quarter of free cash flow. Taking a closer look and starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level, sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category grew 4% in the quarter against double-digit growth comparisons in the prior year. Pharmaceutical demand continues to be driven by macro trends of rising global regulatory standards, increasing worldwide patient access to medical therapy, and growing volume of more demanding biologic drug testing. For the first half of the year, overall sales for our pharmaceutical markets were up 6% against a strong prior year performance with balanced growth from small molecule quality control testing applications and large molecule research workflows. Sales to our worldwide industrial category, which includes the materials characterization, food, environmental, and fine chemical markets were strong and balanced in the second quarter, growing at 7% against a strong performance in the prior year. This result continues the positive momentum we saw in the closing months of 2016 and the first quarter of 2017. Year-to-date sales in our industrial category were up 8%, representing a strong first half to the year. As we see continued evidence of a cyclical recovery in global industrial demand, we believe we are well positioned in our chosen markets. Looking at our governmental and academic category, we saw sales grow by 5% in Q2, driven primarily by an improvement in Asian and European markets related to environmental and medical research applications. As we've discussed before, the governmental and academic category is a small percentage of our overall business and quarter-to-quarter growth can be highly variable given the nature of purchasing activity and our product mix, particularly in the United States. That said, we are starting to see signs of increased activity with US government funded accounts. Now I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters branded instrument sales grew 3% in the quarter and 5% year-to-date. We continued to see strong growth from our ACQUITY Arc, a system that scientists – a system for scientist working with established methods who are looking for the versatility and robustness required to bridge the gap between HPLC and UPLC, while continuing to support validated assays. Benchtop LC Tandem mass spec systems, including our recently introduced higher end Xevo TQ-XS, as well as the popular Xevo TQ-S micro continued to grow solidly in the quarter and year-to-date, primarily in food safety and biopharmaceutical applications. Overall, we continue to see mass detection adopted for broader uses, such as routine pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical applications, including strong utilization of both ACQUITY QDa and the TQ-S micro. These market trends are driving our strategy to integrate LC and M-S technologies, along with advanced informatics and chemistries into true system solutions. While not a new theme for Waters, enhancements to our LC/MS workflows in improving the characterization of biologic drugs was an emphasis at this year's American Society of Mass Spectrometry Conference in Indianapolis, which I personally attended. As you are aware, recurring revenues, the combination of service and precision chemistry now represent approximately 50% of our business. During the second quarter, we saw 7% growth in recurring revenues, driven by global strength from both service and chemistry offerings. Year-to-date, our chemistry and service businesses have grown at 6%, indicating continued high utilization rates for the installed base of Waters instruments. Turning to our TA product line, we are encouraged by the 6% growth for TA products and services in both the quarter and year-to-date. Instrument systems for TA grew 8% in the quarter, led by our new discovery line of thermal analyzers that we began to introduce in 2016. Material scientists rely on TA for the highest performing instrumentation and the new discovery line embodies the most advanced thermal analysis technology for superior measurement outcomes. Finally, I will review our performance by geography at the corporate level. As you know, we have a globally balanced portfolio. And Asia now represents our largest region in terms of revenue. In the quarter, Asia grew 14%, again, led by China which grew even faster and also included double-digit sales increases for both India and Japan. Our China operation saw solid growth across all core markets. Within the pharmaceutical category, growth drivers continued to include new regulatory requirements from China’s Food and Drug Administration. In the industrial category, China experienced strong growth across our materials characterization, food testing, and environmental customers. Japan benefited from balanced sales growth from pharmaceutical, industrial, governmental, and academic markets. Turning to the Americas. Sales declined by 3% in the quarter with our US sales down 2%. Macroeconomic and government policy uncertainties appear to be affecting general business activity in the United States. While we are off to a slower than anticipated start, we did see improved trends in the US in Q2 versus Q1. We anticipate that our sales growth will continue to improve throughout 2017, based on an outlook for more normalized customer spending and as year-over-year comparisons become more favourable. Europe was a strong contributor again with second quarter sales growth of 5% overall. Europe growth was led by pharmaceutical and government and in academic customers with product sales generally balanced across our instruments and recurring product lines. Summarizing the state of our business through the first half of 2017, I am pleased that we are delivering strong mid-single digit revenue growth with operating leverage. Additionally, our double-digit earnings per share growth is tracking above our historical average. Our key growth drivers of global pharma demand, Asia markets generally and the consistency of our recurring revenues remain intact. And I am especially encouraged with the robust balance of our growth combination, including the improvement of our overall industrial end markets. Stepping back and looking at the bigger picture. I believe our strong and consistent results validate and reinforce the 5 elements of the Water's value creation model that we outlined in our Investor Day held in March of this year. We hold a unique leadership position in structurally attractive markets. We have a clear growth strategy driven by organic innovation. We see opportunity for continuous operational improvement. We are a disciplined capital allocator and we operate with a performance oriented culture and management team. Finally, I would like to update you on a few key changes within the Waters organization. First, in support of our ongoing efforts to leave the industry in innovation, we have integrated our Waters branded product groups into a single R&D organization under the leadership of Ian King. This important change combines our technology centers, including LC, mass spec, precision chemistries and informatics. This move is driven by our transformational engineering vision that Ian introduced at our Investor Day, as well as our strategic plan that emphasizes integrated workflow solutions for our key customer defined business segments. Ian is an experienced, broad based technical and business leader with particular expertise in chemistry and in instrumentation. Furthermore, this combined Waters Global Products Group provides a strong complement to the existing Waters Global Markets Group under the leadership of Mike Harrington, further emphasizing our focus on high value workflows and delivering on the needs of our increasingly global customers. At the board level, we recently introduced and welcomed our newest Director Flemming Ornskov, Chief Executive Officer of Shire plc, a leading global biopharmaceutical company focused on serving people with rare diseases and other highly specialized conditions. Dr. Lawrence Krauss [ph] broad global experience in the biopharmaceutical industry combined with his passion for improving human health positions him to make significant contributions to our growth strategy and makes him a great addition to our diverse and experienced board of directors. With that, I'd like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of the second quarter financials. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone. We recorded net sales in the second quarter of $558 million, an increase of about 5% before currency translation, which reduced sales growth in the quarter by about 1%. This resulted in 4% reported sales growth. In the quarter, pharmaceutical markets grew 4%. Our industrial markets grew 7% and sales to academic and governmental customers were up 5%. Product line growth was strongest in our recurring revenue with a combination of precision chemistry products and service revenue growing 7%, while instrument sales grew 4% in the quarter. Breaking that down further, sales relating to Water’s branded products and services were up 5%, while TAs grew 6%. Combined LC and LC/MS instrument platform sales increased by 3% and TAs instrumentation system sales grew 8%. As we continue to see the benefits of new product introductions. Our total recurring revenues associated with both Waters and TA products grew by 7%. Looking at our growth rates in the second quarter geographically and before currency translation, sales in Americas were down 3%, with sales in the US declining 2%. European sales were up 5%, sales in Asia were up 14% led by double-digit sales growth in China, India and Japan. Now I'd like to comment on our second quarter’s non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins for the quarter were solid coming in at 58.9% consistent with the second quarter of 2016. Positive mix dynamics and product manufacturing efficiencies were offset by approximately 80 basis points of currency headwind. Moving down the second quarters P&L, operating expenses were up 3% on a constant currency basis. Foreign currency translation reduced operating expense growth by about 2% on a reported basis. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate before the effects of the new stock compensation rule for the quarter was 14.7%. This is the result of the mix of our legal entity profits in the quarter. Including a $0.05 benefit from new stock option accounting rules, the non-GAAP effective operating tax rate was 11.9%. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6 million, down slightly from prior year. Our average share count came in at 80.8 million shares or approximately 700,000 shares lower than in the second quarter last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. During the second quarter, we bought 430,000 shares of our common stock for $77 million. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the second quarter were up 11% to a $1.76, in comparison to earnings of a $1.58 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.63 versus a $1.57 last year. Both our non-GAAP and GAAP earnings include a benefit of $0.05 resulting from the new stock compensation accounting rules. The impact to foreign currency translation in the quarter on earnings per share was a negative $0.02, bringing the full year impact to neutral. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short term investments totalled $3.1 billion in debt totalled 1.9 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of $1.2 billion. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the second quarter of 2017, cash flow was drawn and came in at $159 million after funding $17 million of capital expenditures. Modest improvements in working capital efficiency and disciplined capital spending contributed to our cash generation. This represents both a strong quarterly performance and year-to-date growth of approximately 14%. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 75 days this quarter, which was down one day compared to Q2 of last year. In the quarter inventories were approximately flat in comparison to the prior year quarter, which was in line with our expectations. As we look forward to the balance of the year, I'd like to share our full year and third quarter 2017 guidance. Our outlook generally assumes continued global growth and demand from our pharmaceutical and industrial end markets and consistent growth in our recurring revenue. Bringing this all together, we continue to expect a strong mid-single digit constant currency sales increase for the full year, which we consider to be in the range of 5% to 6%. At current rates currency translation is assumed to reduce full year 2017 sales growth by about 1%. Our outlook for gross margins for the year is consistent with our previous guidance in the range of 58.5% to 59%. Higher volume and manufacturing efficiency gains are expected to continue to be offset by negative effects from foreign currency translation. Our plan for the full year is to continue managing operating expense growth at a rate that is less than our sales growth. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $23 million. We estimate our full year tax rate, including an expected benefit to EPS of $0.18 due to stock option accounting rules to be about 12%. This is comprised of the $0.14 benefit realized year-to-date, plus an assumed amount of $0.02 in each of the remaining two quarters of this year. Quarter-to-quarter variation is a result of the timing of actual stock option exercises and our stock price. We will continue to provide a reconciliation of this item for the remainder of 2017. Our guidance regarding capital allocation assumes continuation of our share repurchase program through 2017 at a rate that will result in an average diluted share count of about 80 million shares outstanding. Rolling all of this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2017 earnings per fully diluted share are projected to be within a range of $7.30 to $7.45. At current rate, foreign currency is assumed to negatively affect full year earnings per share growth by approximately 2%. Looking at the third quarter of 2017, we expect constant currency sales growth of strong mid-single digits. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to reduce third quarter sales growth by about 1%. Combining these top line factors with a moderate increase in expenses and assume $0.02 of tax benefit due to the new accounting standard and an estimated 4% to 5% negative impact to adjusted EPS from currency translation at current rates, we estimate the third quarter earnings per diluted share in the range of a $1.68 to a $1.78. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Chris. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Great. Thank you, Sherry. As we move through 2017 we will continue to emphasize execution in our core businesses and delivering on our operating performance objectives. As always we will strive for balance in our results and we will seek to cover unexpected changes in our assumptions with the breadth of our growth opportunities. Additionally, as we have stated consistently, we will seek to balance growth, operating leverage and investment in the business. With that, we'll now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get to everyone's questions. So please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. And if you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, first question please.
Operator: Yes. Our first question comes from Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open. [Operator Instructions] Steve, your line is now open.
Steve Willoughby: Can you hear me, okay?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Hi, Steve.
Steve Willoughby: Hey, there guys. A couple of questions for you. First Chris, if you could just explain a little bit more about what you're seeing in I guess both the US, as well as with your pharma business. You know, I heard your comments you know, you're seeing some incremental positive signs in the US and expect better trends in the back half of the year. Can you just talk a little bit about what you think is holding things up so far in the first half of the year and how you think that might be changing in the back of the year, and if that's related to your growth with pharma? And then I just have one follow up.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes, happy to address those and those are two related but different questions. So I'll just start with the US question and really the broad US market and the patterns we saw in the first half. Clearly, I think when we look at the US, we are looking at both the broader and business environment, but also our comps, which were strong in the second quarter here. The US business environment is clearly seen across multiple markets, not just pharma, and you know, we do believe there is some holding back due to the uncertainties with government policy et cetera. Some companies are holding back and some companies are investing elsewhere. Clearly, the US is a little slower right now and Europe is a little faster. As you pointed out, US was actually better in Q2 than Q1, not exactly where we wanted to be, but clearly heading in the right direction. And I think you know, it's looking at broad trends and the order book and demand, I would say that I'm cautiously optimistic that the US will normalize. We think the demand is still there and are assuming some improvement in the back half of the year in the US, but certainly not assuming a strong big bounce. But we are assuming some improvement. You know, as it relates to pharma and I think the best way to look at this picture is globally and is with the rolling trends. The quarter that we had in pharma I think reflects timing in comps. Recall that a year ago in the second quarter our pharma business worldwide grew 12% with strong comps in particular in Asia, and I think that if you look the slightly bigger picture of say a rolling six month or a rolling 12 month, our year-to-date pharma is up 6% in our last 12 months and pharma is up 8%. And so you know, I think when I look at pharma, I think pharma is healthy and I think it's balanced on strong comps. So you know, looking at the back half, I think it's on track and expect at or above historical trend lines on a strong base from 2016. So that's how I’d characterize the pharma picture overall.
Steve Willoughby: Okay. That's very helpful. Chris, thank you. The quick follow up I had is, just going back to comps. You know, I know you're going against I believe negative comps in your TA business in the back of the year. And so you know, given the stronger instrument trends here in the second quarter, how are you thinking about the TA business overall and for the TA instruments going into the back half the year based on what you're seeing out there in the comps you have?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, thanks. You know, TA, I'm pleased with the TA in the year they're having. They've been solid in the first couple of quarters and as we've talked about in the event of a cyclical recovery in industrial demand. TA is very well positioned with their new product family, the Discovery Series. And so you know, I was actually just out of TA a week ago with their worldwide management team, and I think the team is looking at the back half of the year with those factors and hopeful we'll continue to see good end markets and good -- you know contribution to the growth of the company.
Steve Willoughby: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik de Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik de Bruin: Hi, good morning. It’s Derik de Bruin. Hey, just to clarify, Sherry, can you just clarify one accounting question, and then I’ll ask a more broader question. On the accounting question, so if the stock based comps tracked tax treatment for the second quarter, your prior guidance was $0.02, and when you updated last time it was $0.05, this quarter it was an incremental $0.03 is that how I'm looking at that?
Sherry Buck: That's correct.
Derik de Bruin: Okay. Just want to clarify that. All right. And then you know, you called out strong Japan, which is the first time I've actually heard anybody say strong Japan, those words in a long time. Can you sort of elaborate that and just also talk a little bit more about India. I know you - you're facing some tougher comps in that market as well. Can you sort of elaborate on that as well?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, Derik. You know, put both India and Japan in the broad category of Asia and as I pointed out, you know we really - feel good about Asia. It's our largest geography in terms of revenue contribution. It's been growing very steadily. You know, Japan as we talked about last quarter had a little bit of a soft Q1, but that was as we talked about somewhat timing related in the later stages of what typically can be fiscal years in Japan and our tough comps, and is that - as some of those factors normalized in Q2, we saw a good solid performance actually in each of the end markets in Japan. And so you know, Japan historically has been a relatively consistent and very reliable generator of modest growth and profitability. You know, we still expect that modest growth going forward, but are glad to see them post a solid quarter. You know, as it relates to India, I think we're continuing to see consistency out of India really on the on the backs of the generic drug industry. We have a strong competitive position as you know in India, and the growth rates we're seeing though they are in the double digits really in the mid-teens continue to validate the economic engine that India is. And in terms of providing the generic pharmaceutical base for many markets, and you know, there it's just a consistent performance on instruments, on service, on chemistry and we've got a very strong team there and expect to continue to see good things out of India.
Derik de Bruin: Is that India market most - still mostly alliance or is it shipped to ACQUITY Arc?
Christopher O'Connell: It's mostly alliance. It's mostly well established HPLC methods there in India. But you know, we are beginning to try to see you know some opportunity for ACQUITY Arc, but also keep in mind in India the Empower Chromatography Data System backbone for regulated methods is really the key factor. As you know, regulatory standards in India have been rising. FDA has been taking a more active interest over the years in factories in India for the exporters into the US market and the Empower business has really solidified our leadership position there.
Derik de Bruin: Thank you very much.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug [Schenkel] from Cowen Company. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, good morning. First, in Q1 US biopharma revenue growth was weak. You attributed this to slow budget releases, but at that point noted that trends had improved at the end of Q1 and in early Q2. Based on your US growth performance for the quarter and pharma growth performance, it's not obvious that the trend of improvement that you described carried through the quarter. So the question is did revenue tail off at the end of the quarter in the US relative to what you would have expected given the early momentum you described. And if so was this just pharma?
Christopher O'Connell: So to answer your first question Doug about Pharma, you know, I think when we're in the first quarter keep in mind it's our smallest quarter and we're hyper focused on early trends out of the gate. And so we do in the first quarter tend to look a little more that balanced to the quarter. But you know with the benefit of looking at the first half you know, I think we tried to point out in my commentary that you know, the trends in the US are probably more reflective of the broad economic backdrop and questions and uncertainties in the US that many companies are facing. And so you know, I don't want to get into too many details around the shape of revenue in the middle of a second quarter. But it is true that our second quarter was definitely better in the US in pharma and in other markets than in Q1. And so you know, we are hopeful and cautiously optimistic that there is a normalization pattern emerging. We're watching it very, very carefully. And to the last part of your question, the US phenomenon and in terms of a market backdrop did affect all markets not just pharma.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Yeah, I know that's helpful, because I'm just trying to reconcile what you described in an encouraging way about your trends improving. But also the fact that you are highlighting the uncertainty related to Washington having an impact at the end of the quarter or are seemingly over the course of the quarter, maybe more so than maybe you would have expected coming out of Q1. So I'm not sure there is more to say there, but that's why I'm drilling in here.
Christopher O'Connell: I know that, and it's a good question and I think it's fair to say that this – there is a clearer picture as we said halfway through the year of that you know, broader governmental policy backdrop and the good news is that we have a lot of levers to pull to continue to deliver numbers. And even with relatively modest contribution from the US.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. One more quick one. Sherry, you bumped up EPF guidance by I think at $0.075 at the midpoint for the year. How much of this was the Q2 to be, how much of its FX. I guess I'm just looking for a bridge between old guidance and new guidance?. Thank you.
Sherry Buck: Yes. So it is about an 8% difference between our last guidance and I would characterize it at $0.08 FX and on the stock option capability we had in Q2 and then FX capability we're looking at.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight from Janney Montgomery. Your line is now open.
Paul Knight: Good morning. I know you guys have been doing a great job on the operating margin improvement, but you’ve been really not manufacturing in the Chinese market, are you thinking about footprint or is there more margin according to how and where you manufacture I’d love some color on that?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, Paul Yeah, I know we're very pleased with the P&L and think that the strong P&L that we showed for the quarter and for the year to date demonstrates you know, that consistency and resiliency of our model. And you know, I'd further note that we're able to deliver that P&L, while you know, for the year-to-date, so far we're actually growing our R&D 9% on a constant currency basis. So we're investing for the future, while continuing to get the operating leverage through good efficiencies, operating wise and G&A. In terms of the manufacturing base, as we've noted before Paul, we have a very balanced geographic footprint on manufacturing with our biggest centers in the United States, the UK, Ireland and Singapore. We do not have any manufacturing in China, but we certainly have a very global supply chain. And you know, continue to work that to gain ongoing efficiencies and continuous improvement in our costs.
Paul Knight: And could you talk to China a little bit more in depth. Like was that the manufacturing for biologics, was the government academic or industrial, what was - what was within those three areas stand out? Chris, thanks.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes, China was very balanced. In fact, you know, it's important to note about China, that China is probably a more balanced market than almost any of our major markets in terms of its contribution. Where our worldwide mix is maybe 60% pharma or just under 60% pharma, in China it's 10 points less than that. Furthermore, we've got our strongest concentration of our food testing business in China versus any major market. If I look at the quarter the growth was very balanced. In fact, perhaps the highlight of the quarter in China was the industrial business. We had a huge comp in pharma for a year ago in China. And I don't want to quantify that too much, but we had good growth in pharma in China off an enormous comp. But really in the quarter the star of the quarter in China was our broad based industrial business.
Paul Knight: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias from Citi. Your line is now open.
Dan Arias: Yes, hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks. Chris I just wanted to touch on the competitive dynamic inside TA if I could, just sort of curious about on the new end product introductions whether the team feels like it's taking part in a broader portfolio refresh across the industry or whether you're sort of more off cycle so to speak? I don't mean if do you have a left field [ph] with a question here - I'm just - I'm trying to understand how much the new Discovery line-up is kind of poised to stand out in a market that's clearly improving?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, it's a good question. I'd rather not comment on the competitive launches because I just don't have the insight as to how people stage those and so forth. What I can talk about is Discovery, which you know is a pretty significant leap forward in both performance, but also cost. It's a wide ranging portfolio across different modalities of thermal analysis. And like any launch in the analytical instruments field it does take time to get traction. And so even though we had launched the DSE and the TGA last year, I think we're only beginning to find our sea legs [ph] in those products and still have additional modules to go. And as we do that, we really define as we say winning the measurement in the field and are confident in products superiority. And furthermore with a platform that’s been engineered with great attention to tiering, but also scaling technology and platforms, so that we can get profitability enhancements. And so our TA business with that additional growth is just a terrific profit generator for the corporation.
Dan Arias: Got it. Okay. And then maybe Sherry on the gross margin outlook, you noted the effect of currencies. I'm wondering if you can just touch on the impact that you think new products are having on the gross margins as those ramp? I think that was something that you touched on a little bit at the Analyst Day, just curious how you're thinking about that as an offset?
Sherry Buck: Yes. So as we look at our gross margins, you look at FX impact, as I mentioned in the quarter it was about 80 basis points. I would say, we're going to continue to see some impact of FX for the year as a headwind probably in the range of 80 to 100 basis points. And I'd say as far as new products when you look at our overall Water’s results and the portfolio, I wouldn't say it was a big contributor to the gross margin.
Dan Arias: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Of course, you've talked about the government uncertainty here is being a bit of an overhang in the US, but you know, to Doug’s question earlier, US pharma got a bit better, it seems like academics improving a bit. So that overhang mainly on the industrial side and then as we think about you know where US is improving in the back half of the year. How much of that is more you know academic versus an industrial pickup?
Christopher O'Connell: Tycho, it’s a important question and certainly the - you know I think our results at least looking at our different categories show that this overall backdrop and environment is affecting most businesses. My comment on better than Q1 reflected the US business overall, but specifically pharma, which was as you know not quite positive, but definitely better than Q1. And so you know, I think what I look at is the underlying tone of demand in the market I talked to a lot of customers as you know and try to get into this dialogue and you know when I look at the combination of the demand which I still think is there, certainly in some cases global companies can move some of that demand to other parts of the world, which we do see a little bit of. But you know, there is probably some holding back and the combination of that and in our order book gives me I'd say some cautious optimism that we should see a continuing pattern of improvement. And you know, hopefully in the back half of the year see US in positive territory.
Tycho Peterson: And can you touch on the demand in Europe, the results were solid there, can you just talk on where they are in terms of the replacement cycle versus maybe some of the US pharma counterparts?
Christopher O'Connell: You know, I don't want to - the question replacement cycle, as we talked about at our Investor Day you know, is you know, not really a major factor in the business. And it's not clear that there's any evidence that a replacement cycle demand affected demand in Europe in Japan or any of these markets, really owing to the very broad diversity of today's biopharmaceutical market. So I think the trends we saw in Europe and Asia were evidence of you know, solid growth out of the developed markets and that growth does tend to move around a little bit between the US and Europe and Japan and I think that reflects the global nature of our business. We have plenty of examples where multinational companies ordered in the year - in Europe, but not in the US or ordered in Japan, but not the US. And so you know the way I look at the business is more broadly at those developed markets. And if you look at trends for pharma in the developed markets they've been pretty steady quarter-to-date, year-to-date in that kind of low single digit way, while the emerging markets is a strong double-digit, solid double-digit type growth picture. You know, that's a slightly different way of cutting the business, but probably gives you a little more flavour as to know what the global picture looks like.
Tycho Peterson: And then just if I could ask one last one. You know, there's been a lot of changes on the CRO side in terms of consolidation in that space. Any change in demand from out of the CROs? And then also you know, we've heard about a bit of a slowdown in – on the bio process side from third parties [ph] and others. Is that something you've seen from your biotech customers as well? Any change if events?
Christopher O'Connell: No, I I'd say it's probably too hard to piece out any particular CRO or CDMO trend. As you allude to there is clearly a robust contract business out there. It's one we're well aware of. We've been a leader in and continue to prioritize. And yes, there is some consolidation, but really the underlying volumes in those type of operations continues to be you know, as they were and we don't see consolidation necessarily affecting that in the near term. In terms of bio processing. You know, I would say that - I wouldn't accentuate any unusual trends in our bio area. Keep in mind, most of our business in biotech is in the development stage and you know, we're excited about that because that portends greater volumes, as some of that type of testing moves into the more routine operational workflows later in the cycle. So our perspective is probably a little more narrow there in the development phase.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Evans from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Tim Evans: Thank you. So Chris, I hear you on the comp, on the pharma, but even on the stock comp basis it did decelerate off of Q1. And I think we're all trying to just get a sense for like what was driving that deceleration? And then another way to think about it is just, you said that you felt comfortable that that was going to kind of maintain trend line. The trend line really in pharma has been high single digit. So what should we be thinking about in terms of growth for that market going forward?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Fair question. You're right, a recent trend line has been up in the high single digits, you know, in ‘16 pharma was 10. Like I said rolling 12 month pharma is 8. We did head into - we are heading into a period here of Q2 and even Q3 with very strong global pharma comps. But when I say trend line Tim, recall I'm referring to more of the long-term trend line of the pharma market, which for us has been in that 6% range. And so as we talked about at the beginning of the year, as we look at the year we always you know, kind of revert back to our broad historical trend lines that maybe not the near-term trends, but the broad long-term trends. And in pharma you know, that's more than that in that 6% range. Certainly as it relates to stacked comps. You know, in Q1 the last two Q1s the stack comp is 9, in the last two Q2s stat comp is 8. So that's been more of a near term phenomenon. But you know, as you know, we don't always assume everything goes right and we forecast more of a long-term trend line for that and that I would say is where we're looking at it for the year we're in now.
Tim Evans: Okay. That's great. That's really where I wanted to get at. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jack Meehan from Barclays Capital. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan: Thanks. Good morning. Chris, I was wondering if you could elaborate a little on the comments related to the industrial demand, what you're seeing in order trends and what's embedded for growth in the end market through the end of the year?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. You know, just to, Jack to reiterate on the industrial side, we again had a really solid 7% quarter. Just to give you a sense on the broader picture, now year-to-date we're growing industrial at 8% and the 8% is also the growth of the industrial business for the last 12 months. And so you know, recall we had come into the year after some lesser consistency we'll call it in the industrial markets in ‘15 and ‘16. You know, hopeful that some of the backdrop would improve. We have a very diversified industrial business as you know, between materials, characterization, food, fine chemicals, et cetera. And so far the way the years played out is you know, we're very much benefiting from that - that industrial picture and that's a real positive for Waters. You know, again, as I've said a few times, one of the things that I really like about our model and the resiliency and consistency of our model is the fact that we have multiple levers to pull and you know, not every quarter plays out exactly like you think it's going to play out. But the fact that we're getting such good balance from our industrial end markets is a real positive for the company right now.
Jack Meehan: Great. And just to follow up maybe within Europe with the growth there you know, outside of the biopharma customer class you know, is there any commentary around Western versus Eastern Europe, any pickup in the Eastern side of the continent?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, I mean, I would say the Europe business we're very pleased with in terms of its consistency and balance. And I would say to your question that we are seeing some encouraging signs in Eastern Europe, albeit Eastern Europe is much smaller than Western Europe. We definitely saw a nice pickup in the Eastern Europe business to create a picture in Europe that's pretty well balanced across most markets there.
Jack Meehan: Great. Thanks, Chris.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro: Good morning, guys. Thank you. I wanted to ask a couple of long-term questions, as it relates to where you’re going to expand your end market opportunities. First off, I was just curious if you had an update on the Health Sciences initiative to extent that you can take some of your technology into more critical diagnostic settings, kind of curious how you're thinking about that? And then secondly, on large molecule drug production to the extent that that’s a growing part of the drug pipeline, I'm interested in your latest thoughts on how to monetize your technology for QA/QC in those markets?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Thanks, Isaac. Appreciate the question. You know, as it relates Health Sciences and in particular clinical diagnostics because there is a couple of different pieces of what's been traditionally referred to as Health Science. You know, I as you know in the strategic process tried to separate some of the more medical research applications around Olmecs [ph] and some of the really leading edge technology from the clinical diagnostics question which is a different one in a regulated market. You know, those markets are smaller for us as we pointed out. You know, our top priorities are of course pharma materials and food. I think we continue to see intriguing long-term upside and another growth engine to light at some point. But we've not disproportionately shifted investment in that area. We think technology is going to take some time to evolve in those markets. And we're being patient with that I'd say. We do have as you know, some very differentiated technology in that space around direct ionization mass spectrometry and we're very committed to leading the science in that area, at some point that could turn into a big business opportunity. But it's not in the near term, but that's how I'm thinking about it. Meanwhile, we're beginning to build capability. We've made some strong hires in the area of quality and trying to make sure that we do all the right things in the near term to position for a longer term opportunity. As it relates to the manufacturing in large molecule and really the production side, I guess what I’d say Isaac there, our focus is really on you know, all phases about pharma. I think the opportunity we see to move routine mass spectrometry measurement into more routine workflows is a huge opportunity. And that's why you've seen us really lead the market in technologies like the QDa and the Xevo TQ-S micro where we can you know, achieve a great balance of sensitivity size and value in reproducibility, so that companies can introduce SAs [ph] for multi attribute monitoring and more sophisticated measurement in routine operational workflows. And I think that's really where our focus is. At the investor conference you heard us talk about the bio TARP [ph] program as an example of that, which is really our first signature move in our transformational engineering program, which is now backed up by really a bold organizational move to pull that off. So I think we're doing all the things we can do to make sure we're delivering technology to that segment over time.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Well, maybe to follow up you know, on both of those initiatives, as we think about like the long-term kind of cadence of news [ph] flow, is this something where we might expect a more meaningful update in 2018 or is it more of a three to five year things, just of kind of curious about how you're thinking about manifesting some of these opportunities with investors?
Christopher O'Connell: I'd say you know, starting where I ended the previous comment with, I think we hopefully were helpful to investors in talking about this vision for transformational engineering at our investor conference and backing that up with an example of a product system. There's obviously more where that's coming from and those type of product milestones and system milestones coming out of that philosophy and that R&D strategy you know, will certainly be visible. You know as we roll into ‘18 and beyond. In terms of meaningful changes or updates on the clinical diagnostics or as you call the Health Science side you know, I think that's an area that we'll just certainly share information when we have it. But just assume for the foreseeable future we're plugging away to service that business and trying to position for future opportunity without distracting from our number one priority, which is investing to grow in our core businesses.
Isaac Ro: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Isaac.
Operator: We still have a question here from Dan Leonard from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. This is Mike Circo [ph] on for Dan Leonard. Just had a quick question, I know you had said growth in India has been really strong and you expect it to continue. Are you seeing any effect even if it's a modest one from the implementation of the goods and service tax?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Mike. Thanks for dialling in. You talked about the GST tax?
Unidentified Analyst: Correct.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. I mean, this is a – as you know, this is a harmonization of state and national transaction taxes into a national system long-term goal of creating a single market in India and to hopefully facilitate trade across their states. You know, we think in the long run it should be positive, in the short run there's not a material impact to Waters.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question here from Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Luke Sergott: Hey, guys. This is Luke [Sergott ] on for us. Sorry about that. I had the mute button on. Can you just talk about how the underlying core business guide on profitability has changed from your prior forecasts and where the biggest swing factors for the second half aside from tax and FX?
Christopher O'Connell: The guide for the core business, I think Sherry, Luke had been pretty detailed in terms of how some of the numbers stack up, but let me just - I'll just offer a general comment on second half guide, which is you know, we're solid through the first half of course in that strong mid single digit range on revenue and that's the type of guide that we're expecting in the second half of the year, and again all this is on strong comps from a year ago. So we're you know, really believe that we're tracking to another really solid year consistent with our historical pattern and a lot of the key drivers in the core businesses you ask are in place. The global pharma market, the Asia market, the recurring revenues and as number of people have asked with the added benefit of a really solid industrial business. So as it relates to some of the questions people had on US, we've been relatively conservative on the US recovery. And so we're cautiously optimistic that we see some normalization not assuming any big bounce. And you know, we think that all adds up to a solid outlook with no material changes in margin assumptions. And you know, consistent modest leverage in the P&L outside of FX and tax. So you know hopefully that summarizes the big picture. I'm not sure if you want to add anything to that.
Sherry Buck: No, I think Chris, that you’ve covered it. I think our outlook for the year reinforces our overall model with strong mid single digits and double-digit earnings per share growth.
Luke Sergott: Okay.
Christopher O'Connell: Good, done. We have maybe one more or we all done with questions?
Operator: We show no questions in queue at this time. Again reminding…
Christopher O'Connell: Great. Well, thank you all for your great questions. And just in conclusion, we are very pleased with our results through the first half of 2017, headlined by our ability to deliver strong organic top line growth, operating leverage and double-digit earnings per share growth. As we move into the back half of 2017, we remain focused on delivering results and feel that market conditions and our strong competitive position support continued success. So on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q3, 2017 call, which we currently anticipate holding on October 24th 2017. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: John Lynch - Waters Corp. Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp. Sherry L. Buck - Waters Corp.
Analysts: Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Lynch, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Lynch - Waters Corp.: Thank you, operator, and good morning to everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the second quarter and full year 2017. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 2017. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the mostly directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro-forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule titled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Waters' Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Along with John Lynch, joining me on this morning's call is Sherry Buck, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. During today's call, I will provide an overview of our Q1 operating results as well as some broader commentary on our business. Sherry will then review financial details for our reported results and provide an update on our full-year 2017 financial outlook. And as always, we will conduct a robust Q&A session. Jumping right into our operating results, I'm very pleased to report that our first quarter exceeded our expectations with continued strong sales growth from pharmaceutical markets augmented by a pickup in our industrial business. From a product perspective, we experienced balanced growth across our product categories including instrumentation, chemistries and service. Geographically, strong growth in Asia and Europe outweighed a slower start to the year in North America. Overall, the first quarter results revenues grew 6% even after the effect of two fewer days versus the prior period. Looking at our P&L, disciplined spending and continued judicious use of capital resulted in growth in adjusted earnings per share of 9% before consideration of new stock compensation accounting rules and 16% after the change. Taking a closer look and starting with a review of our market categories at the corporate level. Sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category grew 9% in the quarter. Pharmaceutical demand continues to be driven by macro trends of rising global regulatory standards, increasing worldwide patient access to medications, and growing volume of more demanding biologic drug testing. We continue to benefit from the evolving diversification towards generics and biologics in our pharmaceutical customer mix. In the quarter, growth in biopharmaceutical markets was driven by large-molecule drug development applications in Europe and the Americas. Complementing this, growth from validated QC testing applications with a strong focus on data integrity significantly drove growth in China and India. Sales to our worldwide industrial category, which includes the materials characterization, food, environmental and fine chemical markets, were strong in the first quarter, growing at 9%. This result continues the positive momentum that we saw in the closing months of 2016. The industrial category is driven by growing global needs to characterize material properties across a wide range of industries, as well as expanding food testing regulatory trends. While these end markets can experience variability quarter to quarter, we are encouraged by the improving market sentiment and believe we are well-positioned as a cyclical recovery in industrial markets appears to be underway. Looking at our government and academic category, we saw sales decline by 11%. This follows solid mid-single digit growth we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2016. As we've discussed before, the government and academic category is a small percentage of our overall business and quarter-to-quarter growth can be highly variable given the nature of government and academic purchasing activity and the typically high selling prices of the advanced systems that we promote into this end market. Despite potential quarter-to-quarter variability, our expectations is for improvement as we move throughout the year. Now, I will review product line dynamics within our Waters and TA brands. Waters' instrument sales grew 6% in the first quarter with solid contribution from both our LC and LC/MS platforms. We saw strong growth from our ACQUITY Arc and workhorse Alliance-based systems which are primarily used for regulated testing applications. Bench-top LC/MS systems that incorporated our Xevo family of Tandem Quadrupole mass spectrometers grew strongly in the quarter, particularly for biopharmaceutical applications. We also experienced continued solid growth from the ACQUITY QDa which is setting the standard as customers take the opportunity to upgrade their large and growing LC base to mass detection. Having now delivered thousands of QDa detectors for a broad range of applications, we are confident that our application expertise and industry-leading Empower software tailored to QDa methodologies affords Waters a distinct advantage in this high-potential product category. Speaking of Empower, in March, Waters introduced Empower Cloud, a cloud deployable compliance-ready version of our chromatography data software. We have seen significant interest in this new embodiment of Empower, the gold standard for data integrity and operational efficiency for 25 years and counting. As you are aware, recurring revenues, the combination of service and chemistry consumables, represent approximately 50% of our business. During the first quarter, we saw 6% growth in recurring revenues. Turning to our TA product line. We are encouraged by first quarter performance as revenues for TA products and services grew by 7%. Instrument sales grew 11%, led by our new Discovery line of thermal analyzers introduced in 2016. Also at this year's Pittsburgh conference, TA launched the Discovery SDT 650, a simultaneous differential scanning calorimeter and thermogravimetric analyzer, which delivers unprecedented sensitivity and versatility. Rheology products also performed well in the quarter with broad-based growth, including the acquired technology systems we have tailored for elastomer characterization. Finally, I will review our performance by geography at the corporate level. As you know, we have a balanced geographic portfolio with Asia becoming a bigger part of our overall business. In the quarter, Asia continued to outpace the overall growth, led by strong double-digit sales growth in China and India. Within China, we saw impressive growth from pharma and industrial customers. Looking specifically at the pharma category, growth drivers included new regulatory requirements by China's Food and Drug Administration, which focus on consistency of results and the integrity of data in generic drug evaluations, as well as growth in active pharmaceutical ingredient production. Japan sales were in line with our expectations of a Q1 decline against a difficult base of comparison, particularly amongst pharmaceutical customers that generated very strong demand for our products in the first quarter of 2016. Revenues in the Americas declined by 2% in the quarter, with our U.S. sales down 7%. The decline in the U.S. was most apparent in our small molecule pharma segment compared to strong double-digit growth in the prior year's quarter. Trends within the quarter suggest that slower budgetary releases partially accounted for the weaker demand. We saw improvement later in the quarter, as well as the opening weeks of this month. We anticipate that our sales growth in the U.S. will improve throughout 2017 as we remain confident in the overall condition of the U.S. pharmaceutical and industrial markets. Europe was a strong contributor to the first quarter, growing 9% overall. Strength in pharmaceutical end markets, accompanied by robust demand from industrial markets, offset weakness in government and academic markets. We saw broad-based demand from our pharmaceutical customers for both small and large molecule applications. Demand from our industrial customers was strongest for materials characterization and chemical analysis. While we face a more difficult base of comparison in Europe as we move throughout the year, we are encouraged with the underlying demand dynamics and our operational execution in a complex environment. Summarizing the state of our business after Q1 2017, our key growth drivers, including global pharma demand, Asia markets generally and the consistency of our recurring revenues, appear to be factors that will benefit our 2017 performance just as they did in 2016. Furthermore, we are encouraged that 2017 should present us with improving market dynamics within our industrial materials base of customers. Added together, 2017 is off to a good start. Stepping back and looking at the bigger picture, I'm encouraged that our results continue to reinforce the key messages and growth themes that we outlined at our comprehensive Investor Day recently held in New York City. I'd like to thank everyone who attended or listened and take a brief moment now to recap the three key messages from the day that underscore our value creation model. First, Waters is very well positioned in structurally attractive markets, headlined by leading and focused positions in the most demanding applications for pharmaceutical development and production, materials characterization and food testing. Second, Waters is a truly global company, serving an increasing broad, diverse and global customer base. We are benefiting from strong and sustainable market trends, including growing patient access to medicines, increasing complexity of molecular structure in innovative drugs, rising measurement standards for high performance materials and increasing regulation around food safety and quality. And third, Waters has a strong track record of delivering industry-leading organic growth driven by internal innovation, augmented by continuous operational improvement and ever judicious use of shareholder capital. Investor Day was a positive experience for us and hopefully a valuable addition to our proactive investor relations program. We will continually strive to give you a comprehensive understanding of our company and ongoing insight into how our leadership team approaches the Waters business. And with that, I'd like to pass the call over to Sherry Buck for a deeper review of first quarter financials. Sherry?
Sherry L. Buck - Waters Corp.: Thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone. We recorded net sales in the first quarter of $498 million, an increase of about 6% before currency translation, which reduced sales growth in the quarter by about 1%. This resulted in 5% reported sales growth. Our growth was driven by strength in our largest markets. Both our pharmaceutical and industrial markets grew 9%, which was partially offset by an 11% decline in academic and government customers. Product line growth was balanced with total instrument sales growing at 7% and recurring revenues growth of 6%. Recurring revenue sales were impacted by two fewer calendar days in the quarter which we estimate reduced recurring revenue sales by about 2% and overall revenue by about 1%. Breaking that down further, sales relating to Waters' branded products and services were up 6% while TAs grew 7%. Combined LC and LC/MS instrument platform sales increased by 6% and TAs instrumentation system sales grew by 11%. As Chris shared, we are encouraged by the strong start in TA Instruments as we saw benefits from new products and more positive industry dynamics. Our total recurring revenues associated with both Waters and TA products grew by 6%. Looking at our growth rates in the first quarter geographically and before currency translation, sales in the Americas were down 2% with growth at Latin America offset by a 7% decline in U.S. sales. European sales were up 9% with Western European sales growing double digits and Eastern European sales growing mid-single digits. Sales in Asia were up 13%, led by strong double-digit sales growth in China and India, which were partially offset by an 8% sales decline in Japan. Now, I'd like to comment on our first quarter's non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins for the quarter came in at 57.6% as we had expected compared to 57.7% in the prior year's quarter. Positive mix dynamics were offset by currency headwinds. Moving down the first quarter's P&L, operating expenses were up 6% on a constant currency basis. Foreign currency translation reduced operating expense growth by 4% on a reported basis. These spending levels and timing were consistent with our first quarter plan and the seasonality of our business. We expect operating expense growth rates to moderate on a full year basis and grow at a rate lower than our top line. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate before the effects of the new stock compensation rule for the quarter was 14.7%. This is the result of a mix of our legal entity profits in the quarter and we expect our full-year tax rate to normalize. In the quarter, net interest expense was $5 million, down slightly from prior year. Our average share count came in at 80.8 million shares or approximately 1.2 million shares lower than in the first quarter last year. This is a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. During the first quarter, we bought 540,000 shares of our common stock for $82 million. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the first quarter was up 16% to $1.46, in comparison to earnings of $1.26 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share were $1.31 versus $1.15 last year. Both our non-GAAP and GAAP earnings include a benefit of $0.09 resulting from the new stock compensation accounting rules. Excluding the benefit of the new stock compensation accounting rules, earnings per share increased 9% on a non-GAAP basis and 6% on a GAAP basis. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $3 billion and debt totaled $1.9 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of $1.1 billion. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures and excluding special items. In the first quarter of 2017, free cash flow came in at $156 million after funding $18 million of capital. This represents a strong start to the year and the highest free cash flow quarter in our company's history. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 84 days this quarter, which is comparable to Q1 of last year. In the quarter, inventories increased by $17 million in comparison to the prior quarter. This is in line with typical seasonal patterns. As we look forward to the balance of the year, I'd like to share our full year 2017 guidance. Our outlook generally assumes continued global growth and demand from our pharmaceutical end markets, year-over-year growth in our industrial markets, and consistent growth in our recurring revenue. These dynamics, along with our first quarter performance, support a strong mid-single-digit, constant currency sales increase in 2017. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to reduce 2017 sales growth by about 2%. Our outlook for gross margins for the year is consistent with our previous guidance in the range of 58.5% to 59%, as higher volume and manufacturing efficiency gains are expected to be offset by negative effects from foreign currency translation. Our plan for the full year is to continue managing operating expense growth at a rate that is less than our sales growth. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $23 million. Next, to provide as much transparency as possible, I'd like to share some insights on how the new stock compensation rule will affect our operating tax rate and guidance. The impact of the new accounting standard will reduce our current full year non-GAAP operating tax rate from about 14% to approximately 12%, which is approximately a 2% reduction. Currently assumed in our full year earnings per share guidance is a $0.15 benefit from the decrease in our tax expense. This is comprised of the reported Q1 impact of $0.09 and an assumption of $0.02 in each of the remaining quarters of 2017. Quarter-to-quarter variation reflects the timing of actual stock option exercises and our stock price. Our 2017 guidance regarding capital allocation assumes continuation of our share repurchase program through 2017 at a rate that will result in an average diluted 2017 share count of about 80 million shares outstanding. Rolling all of this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2017 earnings per fully diluted share are projected to be within the range of $7.20 to $7.40. Because of the number of moving parts since our last earnings call, I will summarize for you the three key items that have increased our full year guide range. Recall from our year-end 2016 earnings release, we provided a guidance range of $6.85 to $7.10. The first item impacting our full year earnings per share guidance is FX. At current rates, foreign currency is assumed to negatively affect full year earnings per share growth by approximately 3%, which is about 1% better than we assumed in our January 2017 earnings call. Second, the updated guidance reflects our strong first quarter results and confidence in our assumptions for the balance of the year. And, third, as mentioned previously, we have assumed a $0.15 benefit to our full year earnings per share from the decrease in our tax expense due to the change in accounting for the tax benefit on stock compensation. Looking at the second quarter of 2017, we expect strong mid-single digit constant currency sales growth. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to reduce second quarter sales growth by about 3%. Combining these top line factors with a moderate increase in expenses and assume $0.02 of tax benefit due to the new accounting standard and approximately a 3% negative impact from currency translation at current rates, we estimate second quarter earnings per diluted share in the range of $1.65 to $1.75. Now, I'd like to turn the call back to Chris. Chris?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Great. Thank you, Sherry. As we move through 2017, we will continue to emphasize execution in our core business and believe that trends in our key business drivers suggest a continuation of solid operating performance. As always, we'll strive for balance in our results and we'll seek to cover unexpected changes in our assumptions with the breadth of our growth opportunities. Additionally, as we have consistently stated, we will seek to balance growth, operating leverage and investment in the business. With that, we'll now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get to everyone's questions, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. May I have the first question please?
Operator: The first question comes from the line of Mr. Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan Chase. Your line is now open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I was wondering if you can just comment on linearity in the quarter. It sounds like U.S. pharma improved exiting the quarter. So, maybe if you could just talk to the trends there, what your expectations are. And then, similarly on industrial, if you could just talk about linearity there throughout the quarter and how we think about the slope of the recovery heading into 2Q and the rest of the year?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Sure. Thanks, Tycho. Yeah, let me just maybe put a little more color on the comment we made on pharma. We did get off to a slower start in the U.S. in pharma, and part of that reflects a very strong comparable from a year before. If you recall last year, U.S. pharma grew somewhere in the mid-teens. And so, when you normalize more of a stacked comp look, it didn't seem as severe, but we did notice relative sluggishness in budgets opening up in particularly large pharma companies in the U.S. And that did improve over the course of the quarter. And as I noted, as we look in the first few weeks of the second quarter that recovery pattern has continued. Of course, all that's in context of a very strong pharma result worldwide, where we grew our pharma business 9%. And I think that just reflects the global nature of the business. We're less and less dependent on the U.S. We're more and more benefiting from some of the broader global trends. And even looking at Europe with very strong pharmaceutical performance, a lot of times, business does tradeoff between the U.S. and Europe for some of the global companies. So, it's hard to completely map all of that out. But we do put that U.S. pharma result in the right context, both as a comparison as well as to what's going on more broadly in the global picture. Industrial is the second part of your question. And I would say the pattern was probably a little more stable in industrial overall. We had a great industrial quarter, as we pointed out with 9% growth worldwide. Again, that was led by Asia and Europe overall with sort of reasonable expectations in most geographies looking forward and this has been a big thing we've keyed on over the course of last year to see when this cyclical recovery may be occurring and it did definitely feel better across the board in Q1 than at many times over the prior year. But obviously, we're continuing to watch that closely.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then if I could ask one follow-up on academic, you recovered in 4Q after a difficult 3Q and then it was down again this quarter. Could you just get us comfortable that that's all kind of market demand issues as opposed to anything competitively?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: I think our experience in academic, and we've been through this a couple of quarters now in a row in this discussion, is exactly what we've said. It's a small business. It's in the low teens percentage of overall revenue. It's lumpy by its nature. It's not just lumpy overall, but it's lumpy geographically. We, for example, the U.S. government and academic business was actually very reasonable, and some of the softness was in Europe this quarter as I pointed out certainly overcome by very strong pharma and industrial demand in Europe. And so, it does move around quite a bit. We've not changed any of our models or expectations for that business on any rolling period. So, quarter-to-quarter variability in government and academic just doesn't surprise us one bit. We definitely look to long-term trends in that area.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Dan Arias from Citi. Your line is now open.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah good morning. Thanks. Chris, just following up on industrial, if we just look at the rebound. Are you feeling like overall, it's fairly balanced in terms of U.S. versus Europe or does what you saw this quarter kind of make it seem like things are a bit farther along overseas for you guys. I guess, where are you seeing the most improvement?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Dan. As I alluded to, the stronger part of the industrial was in the international markets, and in Asia and in Europe, in particular, was better than the U.S., although we're certainly seeing green shoots in most markets around the world. Clearly, the industrial business is made up of a couple of important components that we watch carefully. The food business, in particular, is one that we highlighted at Investor Day where we're seeing great stability of that business really all over the world. And then, we're seeing better performance in really more the materials side, as well as the industrial polymer side that crosses over both the TA and the Waters franchises.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then, maybe on TA, do you feel like you saw kind of the full force of the Discovery launch this quarter? Are you expecting sales and placement activity to kind of ramp as we get closer to the middle of the year? Just kind of curious whether 1Q was a full-hit-the-ground-running quarter, so to speak, on that portfolio. Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thanks, Dan. That's a good question, and thanks for pointing out Discovery because that is a multiproduct family that is still very much coming to market. I noted the new combination, DSC/TGA product that we launched, really, this quarter at Pittcon, so that's obviously very new. The first two launches last year are beginning to contribute. The nature of new product launches in this field, of course, is that they do take time to get traction. So, no, I don't think actually we've seen the full benefit of the Discovery launch. Certainly, TA was a solid performance in Q1 and is benefiting from that technology. And as we've said in the past, we're looking for a recovery in the industrial markets and hopeful that our strong product position puts us in a good place to take advantage of that growth. And that's – I think we saw signs of that in Q1, and I think we still have a ways to go on that.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning. My first question is on, I guess, generally speaking, the Americas. Overall, you were up against a favorable comparison in the U.S., but as you noted, this was not the case in the pharma end market. It sounds like Americas pharma was the key driver to the 2% core (30:23) revenue decline in the quarter. What was Q1 growth by end market in the Americas? Because it does sound like there must have been some offsets there. And were any end markets in the Americas notably impacted by uncertainty related to headlines coming out of Washington?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. So, thanks, Doug. Good morning. I guess the one clarification I want to make on U.S. pharma is that the place we saw the most pressure, as I noted, was in small molecule. We actually grew in the biologic category, and we're really seeing a lot of good signs in that market. We, as you know, at our Investor Day, pointed out our enthusiasm for the large molecule opportunity increasing. For example, the increasing uptick of LC-MS technology in regulated methods, not just in research methods. And so, some of those underlying trends are favorable and, like you suggest, provide puts and takes. It's very hard for me to say whether the uncertainty in the U.S. kind of political realm, if you will, is affecting markets. I mean, clearly, a lot of our major customers in both the pharmaceutical category and the industrial category, are paying close attention to evolving policy directions on tax and trade and healthcare and a variety of factors, and we do try to stay well attuned to that. And it wouldn't surprise me if there is some hesitation in the U.S. right now generally, but again, it's our job to manage through that and we obviously, had great strength in Asia and Europe to offset that dynamic in the U.S. But nothing has really changed about our fundamental outlook for the U.S. and a lot of the things that we expect over the course of the year to develop in terms of our business we think are still very much there. So, first quarter, as you know, is a small quarter. It tends to move around in terms of the assumptions we make going into the year, but we do expect greater balance and stability as we get through the year.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's all helpful, Chris. Thank you for that. Just going back to the first part of the question, is it fair to say that given what we've talked about in terms of the U.S. pharma in the quarter and the fact that it rebounded late in the quarter into Q2, those are good signs. As we think about the other end markets within the Americas, is it fair to say that they actually did grow in the first quarter, just going through the math, it seems like that would be the case. Is that correct?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: I don't want to get too specific. Industrial was a little bit softer in the U.S. than it was in other parts of the world. And government and academic was actually reasonable in the U.S. So, it's a little bit of a mixed picture there.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And one last question. Going through the EPS bridge, Sherry, that was very helpful. Even going through that, it does seem like part of the driver has to be an assumption that top line growth is going to be a little bit stronger than what you had embedded into your guidance at the beginning of the year. Is that – and obviously, that flows through to the bottom line providing a component of the EPS guidance increase. Is that the case? And if so, is that largely attributable to what you're talking about in the industrial end market seeing some signs of improvement there?
Sherry L. Buck - Waters Corp.: Yeah. So, I'd say our guide range as we walk through that when we guided at the beginning of the year, we talked about mid-single digits growth. And I would say, with the performance we saw in the first quarter with our strong performance in both pharma and industrial, that's giving us a lot more confidence in the full year. And so, we're talking about a strong mid-single digits. And I'd say that's part of the flow through and the bridge for the earnings per share guidance.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks again for taking the questions.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from the line of Ms. Amanda Murphy from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Hello, Amanda? Maybe you're on mute, Amanda? Are you on the phone? Why don't we go to the next caller, then maybe we can pick up Amanda next?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Bryan Brokmeier from Cantor Fitzgerald. Sir, your line is now open.
Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Chris, you mentioned the strengthening industrial business and it sounds as though quite a bit of that is coming from the TA business but also from the Waters and with some contribution from the new Discovery platform. But you mentioned that there was stability in the food safety market. Was food a bit softer than what you've seen over the last year or was that actually also growing strongly in the quarter?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: No. We had a good food quarter. Food has been a very consistent contributor. The applied markets there continue to be buoyed by some of the factors we talked about in depth at our investor conference in terms of rising regulation particularly in Asia, increasing consumer demand for quality and purity in food supply and, frankly, an up-tiering of technology in a lot of those methods particularly in the research labs. We definitely had strength across the core LC-MS workflows, particularly given our strong product position in the Xevo tandem quad. You'll recall last year, we launched the Xevo TQ-XS, and that complements the TQD and the TQ-S micro as probably the industry's strongest offering in that core tandem quad category for the applied workflows. And I think that's put us in a great position in food, and we've seen consistently strong performance there including this quarter.
Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: And looking at the large molecule drug market, are you able to tell, based on the sales cycle, the conversations you've had with customers or the types of systems that those customers are making. Are you able to tell whether that is sustainable, given the current funding environment that they've encountered and whether those customers continue to have strong cash balances and the ability to continue making purchases regardless of whether there's any improvement in the capital-raising ability of these companies?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: It's a really good question. I think first of all, we've seen consistent demand in large molecule testing. And as I alluded to earlier, that core LC-MS product position that we have and the increasing adoption of LC-MS methods in the regulated testing in the development and even getting now into QA/QC is a trend that I think belies some of the uncertain factors that you described. The diversity of innovation in the biopharm sector, I think, supports this. It's not just the small sort of capital-dependent companies that are doing this work. Really, a large segment of the innovator drug approach overall in companies large and small and through all the contract players and other new models emerging are all providing for a fairly broad, really, company set doing this work that probably provides more sustainability than, maybe, we would've thought in the past. So anyway, we watch it carefully. It's an important market. And while the smaller companies can be lumpier, there's a lot more market participation right now.
Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ms. Amanda Murphy. Ma'am, your line is now open.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. I'll try this again. Can you hear me this time?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yes, we can. Thanks, Amanda.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Sorry. I promise I was not on mute. Anyway, I did have a question about the CFDA. So, that's something that you said for a number of quarters now. So, I just want to get a sense of kind of what parts of the business that's driving – I'm assuming that there's some instrumentation component there and recurring revenue. So, I just want to get a sense of that. And then, also, just thinking about how long you think that might be a driver, where we're at there in terms of whether there's adoption in the front of it or whether there will be continued contribution from that over time maybe on the recurring revenue?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. And so, just the first part, I want to make sure I heard you clearly. You said the CFDA, the China FDA, right?
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Exactly. Yeah.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. So, it's a good question, and we think we're right in the heart of that opportunity. And we talked about this quite a bit in the past, where the 13th Five Year Plan of China, which is now more transparent and understandable by many, is clearly driving increasing requirements for data security and regulated methods. Obviously, there's a large process going on in China right now with the large population and increasing patient access to medications and a desire on the part of the Chinese government to have local Chinese companies supply the bulk of that business and, furthermore, look to the future where they can become multinationals in their own right. And so, from a technology standpoint, yes, there is a lot of instrumentation being sold but, really, at the heart of what's happening is the Empower Networks that we're selling. We've long offered Empower software in local language within China, and we've got a team in China that has decades in experience with this particular software and the backbone for our overall infrastructure. In fact, I was just over in China a few weeks ago reviewing this exact question with the team directly and with key influencers in the market. I think we – it's hard to predict what cycles look like or how long various investment periods last. But as that market gets bigger, it's our hope that this becomes a pretty robust and sustainable market opportunity. And obviously, following the – the period of time during which big installations go in for instrumentation in software, you have follow-on opportunities in the recurring revenues of chemistry and service that we have a long way to go to develop.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Okay. And then just a quick follow-up to that one. So then, can you just remind us then, I know you've talked about Empower a lot. Just as that solution is adopted more and more what exactly that means from a P&L perspective? So – and obviously, you've got the benefit on revenue, but just can you remind us where – what that means for margins, et cetera?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. I mean, like we've talked about in the past, some of our applied technologies, if you will, like the chemistries and the service and the informatics carry very favorable financial characteristics in terms of growth in margin relative to our overall portfolio. And as we pointed out at our investor day, 60% of our revenue is accounted for by service and chemistry and informatics and that's a nice foundation for us to build on in terms of our unique P&L structure.
Amanda Louise Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks very much.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. Thank you. I want to come back to the academic end markets. I know we've cut a lot of this data a couple of different ways, but I was hoping maybe if you could look at it from the standpoint of how academic did between developed markets and emerging markets. And I acknowledge you guys earlier said that the business is lumpy, but I just want to sort of parse out what's going on in emerging markets in the academic channel versus U.S., Europe, so to speak?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Isaac. And, again, like I said earlier, this is a smaller market and tends to be highly variable, and that's true overall but also by geography. As I alluded to, U.S. was actually a modest positive in the quarter where Europe was more of a decline, of course, offset by all the great pharmaceutical and industrial business. The emerging markets business is, again, relatively small in proportion, and that's a little bit of a mixed picture. It's very, very small in say, in India and in China. We've seen good performance out of that on a reasonably consistent basis. So, again, we don't want to cut it too finely just because I think we could maybe draw the wrong conclusions because things tend to bounce back and forth quarter-to-quarter. What I tend to look at on that government and academic business is what does the rolling trend look like. And I think if I look back at the rolling 12 months and what lies ahead, it does tend to smooth out over time. But for the full year, we definitely see opportunities based on our new product launches and look for more balance over that type of time period.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And then, just a follow-up on HPLC, interested in attach rates for consumables there. You've obviously had a very strong position in your live technology leadership over the last – for many years. And I think in the last couple of quarters, we've seen one of your major competitors on the com side get acquired. So, you've got a little bit of shift in the competitive dynamics. Just wondering how you guys are managing through that and the extent which you see opportunity for improved attached rates. Would be interested in how you're seeking to do that. Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. Sure. I always see opportunity in attach rates. As you know, in HPLC, it's lower than it is in UPLC where our attach rates are 2X or more in UPLC, and that certainly relates to the high-performance nature of those chemistries and the more integrated workflows there where it's a little more plug and play in HPLC. And certainly, to the extent there's disruption in the market with competitors going through various changes, that presents us opportunity. And so, we think our strength is our total package that we offer our customers, the consistency and reliability, and interoperability of our different system components. And we'll continue to key off of that. And we always do set objectives to try to improve those rates. So at this point, we're just continuing to push the performance benefits of our chemistries and think we have competitive advantage in this area.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thanks, Isaac.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Jack Meehan from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys. I was wondering within biopharma in the Americas results, could you comment on the trends with CDMOs? And was that different than some of the purchasing from the small molecule customers during the quarter?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: The CDMO question is interesting. I don't really have the data to tell you whether specifically that customer category was where that fit in the spectrum. I don't want to get into that level of detail here, but clearly the CDMO is a rising trend on both the R&D side but also on the manufacturing side, and our sales for that segment have been pretty robust through various cycles. It's still a smaller portion of our business but a rising portion. CDMOs are way behind where CROs are in terms of the amount of outsourcing activity that they enjoy. But we see that continuing to rise as the larger pharma companies are increasingly looking at their models for flexibility. So, that's been a good segment for us. It was good in the quarter, but I don't want to put too fine a point on it.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more in the order book with industrial customers, how that trended in the quarter for both TA and then some of the non-TA products that go into that channel.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Sure. We don't really comment on orders between orders and sales. And we have a relatively good visibility into our pipeline through our bidding process and our order indications in our orders and so forth, and have confidence that our order picture is shaping up to support what we're trying to achieve on the sales side. So, I don't – I'd rather not give out order numbers other than to say that we had a good quarter of orders as well just like we had for sales.
Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thanks Jack.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open, sir.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Just really two clarifications. One is I would actually take the other side of Jack's question. Do you have any sense, Chris, that over the last couple of quarters that the developers of biopharmaceuticals have become any more or less inclined to in-source or outsource R&D or are they doing more in-sourcing today than they were a couple of quarters ago? And then for Sherry, just a question on currency. Could you give us – sorry if I missed this – but could you give us the growth of operating expense items excluding currency in the quarter? And can you give us a sense for how currency will impact OpEx over the balance of the year? Thanks a bunch.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thanks, Steve. I appreciate the questions. First of all, just on the in-source, outsource. It's a really good question and I try to get my handle on the same question. I think that a couple of quarters' perspective is probably too short of a window to really see any meaningful changes in that model. I guess if I look at it over more of a 12 or 24-month kind of period, I think the trend is unmistakable towards outsourcing, particularly in later-stage development and manufacturing. And so, when I look at our business in that area, when I look at the success and the aggregation of some of the players in the CDMO market, that to me points to more and more uptake of those types of services, particularly as they have the ability to provide plug-and-play sort of comprehensive solutions to the pharma companies. So, I wouldn't say that I've seen any change in that kind of broad trend in the last couple of quarters. But it is something that we watch closely because it's an important topic. Sherry, you want to comment on FX?
Sherry L. Buck - Waters Corp.: Sure. I think your question was around the operating expenses in the quarter. And our operating expenses overall in the quarter were in line with our plan. And on a constant currency basis, they grew about 6% versus last year. And our plans for the full year are to monitor our expenses such that they grow at a rate less than our top line. And when you look at the FX impact in the operating expenses, it had a favorable impact, as you can see.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then, sorry, currency impact on OpEx for the balance of the year or the year in total?
Sherry L. Buck - Waters Corp.: We had expected it to be favorable but declining throughout the quarter, as we see the currency particularly in the pound kind of turn based upon last year's FX rates.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks a bunch.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, guys. It's Luke in for Ross. I was just hoping you could break out what you expect for the end markets in your guidance for the year, just kind of how the trends have been changing within those markets?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. So you said, Luke, you're dialing in for Ross.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Yes.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thanks for the question. Yeah. In the end markets, again, as I sort of alluded to in the script, we generally assume over a long-term outlook like over the course of the year that some of the quarter-to-quarter variability factors that you see in any given quarter just like you did in Q1, tend to smooth out. And so, we do probably expect even more balance over the course of the year. But really, the kind of strong poles in the tent that we will continue to rely on for our overall performance appear to be reasonably stable versus what we've been experiencing in terms of strong pharma, better industrial. Obviously, Asia leading the way with increasing balance in the developed markets and with a relatively conservative outlook for government and academic. And don't forget, in all that modeling, the stability of our recurring revenues that were, as Sherry pointed out, a little bit affected in the first quarter with the days, but certainly remain an important part of our overall growth story and give us that reliability.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Great. And I guess, following up on Amanda's question on the China pharma market. I mean, it seems like the pharma piece has been growing gangbusters over the last two years almost for you guys. Can you just talk about how this portfolio differs than what your developed market portfolio is, and if you guys are starting to see any opportunities in that market to, I guess, play in areas where you don't play and would like to?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: That's a good question. Broadly, the portfolio is, obviously, pharma is our number business over there. But one of the differences in China is that our food business is actually our number two business in China. The food testing environment in China is really one of the sort of hot areas of focus globally. And some of the more innovative methods and more exacting methods of food testing really brought on by some of the challenges that China has had in the past are good opportunities and only growing bigger. In terms of how pharma is different, I guess I would point out a couple of interesting things about the pharma market from my standpoint in China. Number one is, there's a – it's a very large domestic market really geared towards generics as you might imagine as patient access to medications grows, but a market that's trying to emulate the regulatory standards of other markets. So, if you look at the Chinese pharmacopoeia, they're really reading right on the U.S. and other developed market pharmacopoeias for their method development. Another difference in China is that there is a large and growing opportunity in traditional Chinese medicines. The Chinese consumer spends just as much money on traditional Chinese medicines as they spend on regular pharmaceutical drugs and, yet, the testing requirements have a long way to go to catch up. And there is a concerted effort on the part of the government and the Chinese pharmacopoeia to introduce more and more regulated methods for quality and purity and even health benefit of traditional Chinese medicines. And so, there are definitely some differences there and, of course, there is an innovator segment as well. There's a lot of companies that are starting out in China that have more global ambitions to compete on a worldwide basis on innovative drugs. So, it's a pretty diverse opportunity there, really.
Luke Sergott - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Maybe we have time for a few more questions, maybe two or three questions. Try and go quickly here at the end.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Appreciate you squeezing me in. Sherry, just one for you. Were there any timing benefits to the cash flow in the first quarter, be it cash tax payments or otherwise? And then, secondly, are the discrete facility expansions behind you at this point? And if so, should we expect to see the free cash flow conversion remain at an elevated level?
Sherry L. Buck - Waters Corp.: Yeah. So, thanks for that question. So, from the cash flow question, there weren't any unusual timing items. I'd say it's really an impact of our strong results for the quarter, the top line and the earnings that we have there. I'd say on the CapEx question, we are through most of all the big facility expansion that we had here at our Milford headquarters and I'd say we should look at kind of just normalization rates when you back that out on our full year.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Evans from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I know – I've heard you – what you said about your expectations for end-markets for the rest of the year and I know you're not calling out orders quantitatively. Would you be able to comment qualitatively on your confidence that pharma growth can be sustained, industrial is going to continue to improve, and I think you also mentioned some expectation for improvement in the government and academic end market. Do you feel like you have good visibility to those factors?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Tim. I don't want to say too much than I said earlier other than to reinforce that our order trends are a positive. We have watched order trends carefully in Q1 and we want to get a jumpstart on the year from a backlog perspective, and we were able to achieve our goals from the standpoint of our order book. And it's not an order book that we can look out with great certainty, say, two or three quarters out but all of the indications early in the year are that the order book is a positive relative to what we're trying to achieve.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Maybe a last question. One more.
Operator: Certainly, sir. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Derik de Bruin from Bank of America.
Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. So, just a couple of quick questions. So, Sherry, when we think about the 12% tax rate guide for this year, is that something we should think about for 2018 barring any changes from Washington on corporate tax reform? And then just a couple of questions. Japan, I would have thought it would have been a little bit stronger this quarter given it's the end of the Japanese fiscal year. And just – people are asking about CDMOs, can we get – can I squeeze in one on the clinical contract research organizations. Did you see any sort of changes there? Thanks.
Sherry L. Buck - Waters Corp.: Yeah. I'll take the first one on the tax rate. So, yes, I think your comment of barring anything coming out of Washington, we would expect that kind of a tax rate, that – before the stock option, it was about 14%. With the stock option expense rules and benefiting us, about 15% this year, I think that 12% is a good rate for this year and for 2018 barring any changes from the government.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Derik. And just real quickly on Japan. As I said in the script, we had a very tough comparison year-over-year. One thing's interesting about Japan – and I actually just got back from Japan as well. Japan, a lot of the government purchasing, their final quarter is actually our first quarter. So, Q1 in Japan feels more like a Q4. And we had a huge comparison from a year ago, so we actually planned that type of a decline in the business, and the business met our expectations of what they delivered. And we're comfortable with the full year that we have shaping up for Japan. As you know, it's a very established mature business, very high rate of recurring revenue. We've got a very strong proven organization over there. And so, while it was not a grower in the quarter, it was about what we expected. As it relates to CROs, they're a relatively small component of our spend. But certainly in the bioanalysis area, we are seeing positive trends from what I talked about earlier, which is the strength in our Tandem Quad portfolio; really seeing some encouraging wins in that segment now that we have the Xevo TQ-XS to complement to TQD and TQ-S micro. So, we like our product position there, and even though it's a small segment, we're encouraged by our performance.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: So, thanks for the question. And I know we're coming up on time, so I want to thank everybody for the great questions, as always. And just to conclude, we are encouraged by our start to 2017, which is really headlined by our ability to deliver strong, organic top-line growth, some operating leverage and double-digit earnings per share growth. So, as we move into the mid part of 2017, we remain focused on delivering strong results and feel that market conditions and our strong competitive positions support continuing success. So, on behalf of the entire management team at Waters, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q2 call, which we currently anticipate holding on July 25, 2017. Thank you, all, very much and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: John Lynch - Vice President of Investor Relations Christopher O’Connell - President and Chief Executive Officer Eugene Cassis - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sherry Buck - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC Dan Arias - Citigroup Dan Leonard - Deutsche Bank Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Jack Meehan - Barclays Capital Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2016 and Full Year Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Lynch, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Lynch: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the first quarter and full year 2017. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions, and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 in Part I under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning’s press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2017. During today’s call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussion of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of such items - of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled, Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials, included in this morning’s press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today’s call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Waters’ Chief Executive Officer, Chris O’Connell. Chris?
Christopher O’Connell: Great. Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Along with John Lynch, joining me on this morning’s call are Sherry Buck, Waters’ newly appointed Chief Financial Officer; and Eugene Cassis, Waters outgoing CFO who is transitioning into new corporate advisory role. During today’s call, I will provide an overview of our operating results for Q4 and 2016, and will add some broader commentary on the business. Gene will then review financial details for our reported results, and Sherry will then provide our 2017 financial outlook before the Q&A period. I am pleased to report that we finished 2016 with strong broad-based sales growth across our major market categories and product lines. The quarter capped off 2016 fiscal year that featured robust organic revenue growth, operating leverage and double-digit earnings per share growth. In the fourth quarter, revenues grew 9%, and adjusted earnings per share increased by 13% as reported. For the full year, 2016 sales grew 7%, and adjusted earnings per share increased by 12% as reported. These full-year results were especially encouraging as they followed strong growth and financial performance in 2015. Taking a the closer look and starting with review of our market categories at the corporate level. Sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical category grew 6% in the quarter, and grew 10% for the full year. The strength in pharma demand over the course of the year was driven by macro trends of rising global regulatory standards, increasing global patient access to prescription drugs, and the growing testing needs of newer biologic drugs that future ever-increasing complexity in molecular structure. Sales to our worldwide industrial category, which includes the material characterization, food, environmental and fine chemical markets across all product lines were robust in the fourth quarter, growing 14%. This category continues to be led by demand for food quality and safety testing, and was also aided by demand from fine chemical applications that rebounded from levels earlier in the year. For the full year, the industrial category grew 6%. Looking at our governmental and academic category, we saw a general rebound in the quarter with sales growing 6%. Growth was led by improved performance from academic customers in Europe, where we saw a notable increase in installations of new research-grade mass spectrometry instruments as well as strong performance from governmental agencies in Asia Pacific. Like Europe, the U.S. was strong in Q4 but negative for the year, which contributed to a full year decline in our overall governmental and academic category by 3%. As we have consistently conveyed this category is small and somewhat lumpy quarter to quarter for Waters. So we tend to focus on rolling trends versus any particularly quarter result. Now I’d like to review product line dynamics, which I will cover by our Waters and TA branded lines. Waters’ instrument sales grew 12% in the fourth quarter with LC and LC-MS platforms performing about equally as well accompanied by continued strong performance for laboratory informatics offerings. Looking at the full year, Waters’ branded instrument platform sales were up 7%, a rate that reflects our strong product positions and the excellence of our field operations in a very competitive marketplace. On the LC front, ACQUITY Arc and [workhorse alliance] [ph] based systems for regulated testing drove overall LC system growth. For LC-MS applications, bench-top systems that incorporated our ACQUITY QDa and Xevo family of Tandem Quadrupole mass spectrometers grew impressively. With thousands of installations now at the ACQUITY QDa mass detector continues to expand the adoption of mass spectrometry molecular characterization to the larger liquid chromatography market and user-base. Waters’ recurring revenue, the combination of service and chemistry consumables grew 9% in the quarter. This rate includes the positive effect of two additional selling days in comparison to the prior year’s quarter. For the full year, Waters recurring revenues grew 8%, marking the third straight year of high-single-digit growth. This consistent performance is indicative of strong instrument utilization, growth in service plans for regulated workflows and leading technology positions for advanced consumables. Our differentiation in consumables continues to grow with innovations in LC columns, such as CORTECS, and application-specific testing kits such as GlycoWorks and ProteinWorks. Additionally, sales of ACQUITY UPLC columns continue to demonstrate the increasing uptake of UPLC technology in more challenging biopharma workflows. Turning to our TA product lines, revenues were down 2% in the fourth quarter. Sequentially, we saw a nice pickup of orders and shipments in comparison to the third quarter result and the fourth quarter’s modest decline was more a reflection of the mid-teens growth that we delivered in the prior year’s fourth quarter. From a product perspective, we saw increasing customer acceptance of our newly introduced Discovery line of thermal analyzers. In the quarter, we began shipping our Discovery Thermogravimetric Analyzer or TGA, an instrument that is often purchased alongside Differential Scanning Calorimeters or DSCs. Customer feedback in the new Discovery line continues to be favorable and our installations have gone very well. For the full year, sales of TA products and services increased 2%. This growth is slower than the business’ long-term trend and reflected moderate weakening in demand from industrial end-markets against the prior year strong performance. We now enter 2017 with a strong product position, a growing business pipeline and some early indications of a cyclical recovery in industrial demand. Finally, I will review performance by geography at the corporate level. Asia Pacific continues to pace our global growth for the fourth quarter, while Europe was also region of strength and the Americas grew more modestly. Asia outside of Japan has been strong over multiyear period, and this performance continued throughout 2016, with growth in the high-teens range in the quarter and mid-teens range for the year. The strength in our business in Asia was highlighted in 2016 by strong double-digit sales growth in China, as well as consistent double-digit growth performance in India. Within China, we saw growth across all of our market and product lines with particularly strong demand from pharmaceutical customers. Looking specifically at this category, growth drivers included new regulatory requirements by China’s Food and Drug Administration, which focus our increasing analytical rigor across key workflows to assure consistency of results and integrity of archived data. Our industry-leading Empower chromatography data systems has us well-positioned to meet these rising regulatory needs. In Japan, sales increased 6% in the quarter and 4% for the year. Growth over the course of the year was somewhat balanced between the pharmaceutical and industrial categories. Revenues in the Americas grew by 2% in the quarter, with strong growth in specialty pharma, chemical materials, and government and academic markets, offset by weaker growth from newer clinical diagnostic installations and applied industrial markets. For the year, Americas sales increased by 3% with balanced contributions from the pharmaceutical and industrial categories, offset by modest declines in governmental and academic business. Europe as a region was a strong contributor to the fourth quarter, growing 9% behind strong trends in pharmaceutical applications for both LC and MS instruments as well as service plans. Offsetting stronger growth in Western Europe was weaker demand in Eastern Europe and the Middle East. For the year, Europe grew 6%, impressive when considering the backdrop of economic uncertainty in a number of countries. Stepping back and looking at the corporation broadly, 2016 was a year of great performance and also great progress. It all starts with our 7,000 employees worldwide for it is our people, culture and values that make the Waters’ difference. I want to congratulate our entire organization for job well done. The team works tirelessly and executed all year long. While we delivered strong financial performance in 2016, we also transitioned to our new leadership structure, advanced our innovation capability through development a rigorous portfolio of management process, and created a strategic framework to guide our continuing growth and performance for the long-term. It was a busy and rewarding year, and I feel very grateful to be part of such a fine company and team of people. In a few minutes, you’ll have the chance to hear from Sherry Buck, our new CFO, as she outlines our financial outlook for 2017. Though Sherry has been at Waters for only a few weeks, she has already immersed herself in the business, participated actively in financial planning activities and contributed strongly in her new position. We are very excited to have Sherry and welcome her warmly as our CFO. Her background, skills and character are the perfect fit for Waters at the right time, as we navigate the changing landscape of corporate finance and chart our next phase of shareholder value creation. I also want to salute Gene Cassis, as he supports Sherry’s onboarding and transitions to his new corporate advisory position, focused on technology and strategy. You will continue to see Gene, but I want to thank him at this time for a truly impactful and memorable three years as our CFO. I know everyone in the investment community will miss interacting Gene on a daily basis, but rest assured his positive impact on Waters will only continue. Finally, I want to comment on our upcoming Investor Day scheduled for Thursday, March 2 in New York City. Our goal as the Waters management team for this meeting is to provide investors with a fresh look at our markets, products and growth strategies. While much of what you will hear will feel familiar and consistent with our development to date as a company, our aim is to provide fresh new insights on our evolving global markets, our unique competitive position and our strategies for growth and value creation. Perhaps more importantly, you will have the opportunity to hear from our experienced and talented executive management team. I know you will enjoy meeting them, and I am confident that their remarks will add new texture to Waters as a compelling investment opportunity. Now I’d like to pass the call over to Gene for a deeper review of the 2016 financials. Gene?
Eugene Cassis: Well, thank you, Chris, and good morning. In the fourth quarter, our revenues came in at $629 million, an increase of about 9% before currency translation. Currency translation reduced sales growth in the quarter by about 2%, resulting in 7% reported sales growth. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter were up 13% to $2.21 in comparison to earnings of $1.96 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $2.15 versus $1.83 last year. For the full year, 2016 sales grew about 7% before currency effects, while currency translation reduced sales growth by 1%. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were up 12% to $6.62 per share versus $5.89 last year. In all, the impact of foreign exchange benefited full year earnings by about $0.07 versus the prior year. On a GAAP basis, full-year earnings per share were $6.41 versus $5.65 in 2015. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. Looking at the fourth quarter, our growth was balanced with all of our major customer defined markets contributing nicely. Our pharmaceutical end-markets grew 6%, industrial markets grew 14%, and sales to global academic and governmental customers grew 6%. Product line growth was also balanced with total instrument sales growing at 9% and recurring revenues up 8%. Breaking that down further, our Waters products and services sales were up 10%, while TAs declined by 2%. Breaking that down even more, LC and LC-MS platform instrument sales increased by 12%, and TAs instrumentation system sales declined by 4%. Our total recurring revenues associated with both Waters and TA products grew by 8%, with TA service revenue up 3% in the quarter. Looking at the full year, instrument and recurring revenue sales for the corporation grew 6% and 8% respectively. Now, looking at our growth rates in the fourth quarter geographically and before currency translation, U.S. sales were down 1%, European sales were up 9%, sales in Japan up 6% and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 18%. As for TA, global product and service sales were down 2% overall, with growth in Europe offset generally by declines elsewhere. Looking at the full year, Asia Pacific showed strong and consistent growth throughout the year and grew 12%. Europe was also solid growing 6% and the Americas grew 3% this over a strong prior year performance. Now I’d like to comment on our fourth quarter’s non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins for the quarter came in at 60% compared to 59.4% in the prior year’s quarter. For the full year in 2016, gross margins were 58.9% versus 58.7% in the prior year. In the fourth quarter, foreign exchange impact to gross margins present positively by about 60 basis points, and for the full year the impact was neutral. Now moving down the P&L, in the fourth quarter operating expenses were up 9% on a constant currency basis and 5% on a non-GAAP reported basis. In the quarter, higher variable expenses associated with higher volume and performance incentives contributed to spending growth. For the full year, operating expenses were up 5% on a constant currency basis and 3% on a non-GAAP reported basis. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 14.3% and for the full year 14.1%, this versus 13.8% in 2015. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6 million and our average share count came in at 81 million shares or approximately 1.4 million shares lower than in the fourth quarter of last year. This being a net effect of our ongoing share repurchase program. Now, turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term incentives totaled $2.8 billion and debt totaled $1.8 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of $986 million. As for fourth quarter share repurchases, we bought 595,000 shares of our common stock for $82 million. This leaves a $123 million on our authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditure plus non-cash tax benefits from stock based compensation accounting and excluding nonrecurring items that are unusual. In the fourth quarter of 2016, free cash flow came in at a $151 million after funding $21 million of capital, excluded from this amount is approximately $2 million of investments associated with facility expansion. This brings our full year 2016 free cash flow to $555 million or approximately $0.25 of cash flow for each dollar of sales. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 71 days in the quarter, which is equal to that in the fourth quarter of last year and sequentially down 5 days from the third quarter. In the quarter, inventories declined by $40 million in comparison to the prior quarter, this is in line with our typical seasonal patterns. At this time, I’d like to hand the call over to Sherry Buck, Waters’ CFO, for further comments on our future outlook. Sherry?
Sherry Buck: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. I’m very happy to be a part of the Waters team. I’m looking forward to connecting with many of you during our engagements with investment community in the coming months. Looking ahead to 2017, our outlook generally assumes continued stable demand from our pharmaceutical end-markets, consistent growth in our recurring revenue and balanced growth rates from our other end-markets. These dynamics lead up to a mid-single-digit constant currency sales increase in 2017. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to reduce 2017 sales growth by about 2% to 3%. Gross margins for the year are expected to be consistent with the prior year, in the range of 58.5% to 59%, as volume related manufacturing efficiency gains are expected to be offset by negative effects from foreign currency translation. Our plan is to continue to manage operating expense growth at a rate that is less than our sales growth rate. Moving below to operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $26 million. Our current operating tax rate is estimated to be approximately 14%, similar to our 2016 rate. Our 2017 guidance regarding capital allocation assumes continuation of our share repurchase program through 2017 at a rate that will result in an average diluted 2017 share count of about 80 million shares outstanding. Rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full-year 2017 earnings per fully diluted share are projected to be within a range of $6.85 to $7.10. At current rates, currency translation is assumed to negatively affect EPS growth by approximately 4%. Looking at the first quarter of 2017, sales growth is expected to be in the range of 3% to 5%. At today’s rates, currency translation is expected to reduce first quarter sales growth by about 2%. The sales growth rate includes the effect of two fewer selling days in the quarter that we assume will reduce sales growth by approximately 1%. These top-line factors combined with moderate increases in expenses result in an estimated first quarter earnings per diluted share in the range of $1.26 to $1.36. Now I’d like to turn the call back to Chris. Chris?
Christopher O’Connell: Great. Thank you, Gene, and thank you, Sherry. As we turn to 2017, we will continue to emphasize execution in our core business and believe the trends in our key business drivers suggest a continuation of solid operating performance. As always, when entering a new fiscal year we will strive for balance in our results and seek to cover unexpected changes in our assumptions with the breadth of our growth opportunities. Additionally, as we have stated consistently, we will seek to balance growth, operating leverage and investment in the business. With that, we will now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get to everyone’s questions, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Jay, first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tycho Peterson of J.P. Morgan. Sir, your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thank you. Chris, I want to maybe ask on pharma dynamics. It look like, you had a little bit of a slowdown there, when you take into consideration the extra selling days and easier comps. So can you maybe talk about what you saw in the channel in the year-end? Was there any kind of budget flush dynamics that you could call out? And then, what’s embedded in guidance for both pharma growth and then separately for biotech for 2017?
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Thanks, Tycho. Yeah, the pharma quarter as we talked about was up 6% on a year of 10%. So I think the fact that we saw fairly balanced demand at the end of the year is evidence maybe to answer your question on budget flush that we did not see any significant budget flush. In fact, we saw the strength in our business generally across the quarter. And most of the growth in the quarter came from the smaller and specialty accounts, as we’ve consistently talked about, that we do have a broadening base of pharma demand that is not as reliant on the large pharma companies that have historically been a question of budget flush. And so, really you can see from the result in the fourth quarter growing more modestly than the year that we did not necessarily experience that type of flush. And I would also point though to the prior year where we had a strong pharma year as well in 2015. We saw the same pattern of moderating growth towards the end of the year. And so, when I look at the pharma performance for the company I really look at the total year result, which was that double-digit result. In terms of guidance and what we are assuming for 2017, to answer the last part of your question, I think we do what we always do is to be a little more moderate in our outlook and look at more historical trend lines, when forecasting a line of business such as pharma. And as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, we seek to achieve more balance across our portfolio at least from a planning standpoint. It doesn’t mean we’re not going to be going for upside like we’ve been able to achieve. But I think we’ve taken a very pragmatic outlook in terms of our guidance that we’ve given.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And just if I could ask one follow-up, what’s in guidance for China and India. These have been big sources of strength for you guys over the past year. Can you just kind of clarify what you’re expecting there?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. Certainly, China and India as we pointed out had another strong year, and it’s a strong year on top of a strong year. Those performance trends reflect the underlying positive conditions in those markets for sure, but also the strength and consistency of our approach executionaly in those markets. But again, like the pharma story, when we look at guidance for the year, we do look to moderate our expectations to set a bar that we can achieve and don’t necessarily assume that everything goes right in every geography. And so, really when you look at what we’re assuming for 2017, it’s a moderation of the performance we’ve seen from 2016 and 2015, but again that’s a baseline and we’ll attempt to improve upon that over the course of the year.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Dan Arias of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Dan Arias: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Chris, just to sort of drive home the point on Tycho’s question there, should we take your comments to mean that the mid-single-digit assumption overall is kind of in line with what you’re thinking for biopharma? I’m sorry to ask the same question twice, but just given the magnitude of decline, I’m just trying to get a number for the assumption on biopharma.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. I think mid-single-digit overall guidance for our company is very consistent with the type of guidance that we’ve given heading into prior years, again, looking at an overall balanced portfolio, not assuming everything goes perfectly and wanting the ability to cover changes and assumptions overtime. I’d say that the historic rate of the pharma market for us has been a little bit better than mid-single-digits, more in line with the company’s sort of long-term trend line growth rate of around 6%. And I think it’s responsible to begin the year with that more moderate type of an outlook. But really underlying that is a set of market dynamics that we think are sustaining. We’ve talked about these in the past and certainly conditions we saw in the fourth quarter continue to reinforce to us that those core drivers are intact drivers such as the rapid rise of prescription drugs in the world really fueled by generics factors such as the increasing research and now commercial activity of large molecule drugs that carry with them, more significant characterization requirements due to the complexity of those molecules and just the general rise in standardization of regulation around the world, and that’s particularly fueling our business in the emerging markets like China and India. So really a lot of those drivers are very much intact. And again, we try to make prudent assumptions when we head into a new fiscal year.
Dan Arias: Okay. Thanks, that’s helpful. And then maybe within industrial, can you just put some color to comment on the early signs of potential cyclical recovery? And then maybe if we just look at the four sub segments that you typically tease out, would you kind of mind just of listing them in order of strength? It sounds like food is at the top. I would love to just get a relative sense for your expectation around materials, chemical, environmental as you look at 2017. Thanks.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Yes, I think our comments on the industrial sector reflect our own experience, particularly as we close the year. But also just the broader backdrop of what we’re seeing in the economy. And certainly, we are seeing probably a little bit better tone in the market among some of our end-customers in terms of capital spending. Now, obviously, we need that to be proven in terms of orders as we get into the year, but it does seem like the broad tone is a little bit better. In terms of the quarter, obviously, we had a good industrial quarter at 14% growth, and actually 6% for the year. So when you really step back and look at industrial for the company, there were definitely puts and takes, but a pretty solid performance for the year. At the top of the leader board if you will for the industrial businesses, indeed the food environmental, those applied markets, which are really a reflection of rising testing standards in the food safety industry and the continued adaption of LC-MS technology. We have a particularly strong product position right now in that area with our tandem quadrupole mass spectrometer offerings and that’s really a combination of the TQ-S micro, which has been on the market for several years, as you know, and the newly launched in 2016 product, the TQ-XS, which is our new high-end tandem quadrupole mass spectrometer. So we have a good product position, we have favorable trends in those market segments that are really leading our industrial category. The chemical, the fine chemicals market, the chemical materials market was softer during the year, but did have a rebound towards the end of the year and really normalized, I’d say in the fourth quarter for an overall year look. And so that would be really the next on the list. And perhaps hopefully signals some stability in the coming year. The TA Instruments business as we pointed out had a softer year, obviously on a tougher comp, but reflecting really a broad year of relatively soft demand in the material science, polymer and metals market. But, again, we feel really good about the TA franchise overall from the standpoint of the product position that we enter 2017 with. And so if there is a pickup in demand in those end-markets, we stand to benefit as we head into 2017.
Dan Arias: Okay. Thanks very much.
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Dan Leonard of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. I guess, I’ll start by following up on that last bit. Chris, can you comment on how TA performed versus plan in the fourth quarter? And would the expectation on 2017 just be mid-single-digit like the rest of the company in an assumption that markets improve?
Christopher O’Connell: Yeah, TA was soft in the fourth quarter and they missed their plan, and obviously we are not happy about that. But we also are putting the right context around that, which is they had a terrific quarter in the year prior. So they accomplished 15% type growth in the fourth quarter of 2015. As I pointed out in the prepared remarks, we did see a nice sequential improvement in the result in Q4 from three to four. And we are encouraged by the work they are doing in their pipeline. And so in terms of the year, we expect TA to have, we certainly model them in and around the corporate average, which is primarily organic growth, but we will get a small benefit from a small acquisition we made in 2016 that we talked about in one of the prior calls. But like I said earlier, we are really keying off of the Discovery product line as our main lever to achieve better growth in 2017.
Dan Leonard: Understood. And I know it’s a smaller part of your business and you’re not a great barometer, but can you discuss maybe what you are seeing in the academic market? It sounds like the U.S. is still weak and maybe what the outlook is there for 2017?
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Yeah, the government and academic market as we talked quite a bit about last quarter is smaller and lumpier. And we had a good quarter worldwide. It was strength in Europe and Asia, offsetting relative weakness in the U.S., but nothing off the radar. And for the year, the category overall was down in the low-single-digits as I pointed out. Like we’ve stated before, we always have relatively modest expectations for this sector, because it does tend to be lumpier and really more research-grade mass spec oriented. We do like our product position and to the extent there is an improved spending profile coming from those types of sources we stand to benefit. That market is generally driven by medical research where there is certainly a lot of interest in broad-based funding, and really is an interesting proving ground for the latest and most exacting measurement technologies. And so, we like the market. It’s a good market for us, but it is smaller and lumpier, and we have relatively modest outlook because of that.
Dan Leonard: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro: Good morning, guys, thank you. I wanted to start with a question on just the strength in Europe and academic globally where looks like your performance was better than most would have expected. I know you guys are at the beginning of the earnings cycle here for the group. But I am wondering if you have any views as to whether or not market share was part of the driver. And I know it’s hard to measure, but just seems like you guys at the very least might have gained a little share at least in those two areas.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. Isaac, that’s a good question. And I think I don’t have a very good answer. Market share as you point is tough to ascertain particularly the further you get out in the world and in different pockets. I would say that we had in Europe a particular success with our new Vion high-resolution Tof mass spectrometer in some of the key academic centers. It’s attracted some interest with an increasing perspective, I would say, on ion mobility in workflow, and a solid execution by the team. That was true in Asia as well. So whether we picked up share, it’s hard to say. Because of the lumpiness of those markets, I wouldn’t want to draw conclusions based on very limited data. But we obviously like the performance and we’re going to continue to attempt to play with a hot hand and as the year unfolds here.
Isaac Ro: Great. And then just a follow-up on the maybe financial side with regards to margins, and then, Sherry, if you could comment that would be great. I know you’re new in the seat, but just curious in your initial overview of the business anything really stands out in terms of areas where you could drive an improvement in margins? Waters obviously has been a very profitable company with great margins for a long time. But I think the assumption here is that there is still opportunity. So if there is either a category or a theme here that we should think about as you take the reins, I’d be interested in where you think there is opportunity for improvement?
Sherry Buck: Sure, yes. So as you pointed out, there has been a very strong history of our performance and really as you look at the margins, we’ve achieved historically, I’d say it’s really a factor of the kinds of businesses that we’re in that generate those kinds of margin profiles. I’d say, like all companies I think we have opportunity to improve in our operations through various efficiencies, and that will be one of my areas that I’ll be focused on this year.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Ross Muken with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Good morning, guys. Just curious on the capital equipment side, it seem like obviously strength broadly, but how much lumpiness was there in some of the order of patterns? And obviously you didn’t see much flush in pharma. But I’m just trying to get a sense of - in the industrial and some of the other nontraditional businesses, how that cadence looked. And then, obviously it’s tough to see any look into 2017 as we’re only in January. But as your sales has had conversations on capital equipment purchasing, is there any areas you’d highlight for us to monitor where it could be improving or decelerating?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ross. The instrument category, generally the hardware category, was pretty solid across the year. We had in total instruments 9% growth for the quarter and 6% growth for the year, which is really right in the zone of where we expected and hoped to be then with the recurring lines giving some improvement to that. And what was nice to see, particularly as we came to the end of the year was more balance between LC and MS. We were little softer in the beginning part of the year in the mass spec business, pretty solid throughout the year in LC. And really as we get towards the end of the year, seemed like better balance, and that’s in any time we see better balance, we’re encouraged. In terms of lumpiness, I guess, I’m still in the broad sense of the world getting to know the business and understand the different patterns. And there are always a lot of puts and takes. And so I tend to see the lumpiness factor within certain subcategories like government and academic, with more consistency in the bigger categories like pharma. And then really in that broadly defined industrial trade class, if you will, what I have been looking for is strength and consistency in the factors that tend to drive that category like the applied markets in food and environmental. And that was really a good story in the year driven by both a good product position as well as relatively healthy end-markets. And I think the trends that are driving some of those end-markets in the applied areas are ones that are sustainable, just because of the general rise of regulatory standards and expectations for quality and safety in the world’s food supply.
Ross Muken: Got it. And just to be clear, on the operating margin side honestly, obviously a bit of a shift on the FX benefit this year turning obviously to a headwind. Just give us a little sense of what the underlying sort of implied operating margin expansion and/or incrementals look like, because obviously it doesn’t look like we’re getting much on gross?
Christopher O’Connell: Yeah, I mean, the gross margin, just one quick comment and I’ll defer to John as well for any further comments. But the gross margin was relatively flattish. But keep in mind that a couple of key drivers for the business this year, for example were China and then broadly the global service business. Both of those areas of business tend to carry slightly lower gross margin, but they are accretive to the operating margin. And so really by the time we get down to the operating margin, one thing we feel best about over the course of the year was the modest operating leverage were able to achieve and the improvement in the operating margin really on an as reported basis as well as on a constant currency basis. And so, to get the 7% top line constant currency to reflect in double-digit operating income growth was a good achievement by the team and really reflected the mix of the business overall, rather than being too fixated on one particular line or the other. But it was good spending control. It was efficiency gains. And it was at the same time making sure we are making the right investments back into R&D and things that drive our growth for the future.
John Lynch: And maybe just add to that Ross, what Chris said, this is John speaking. I think that the major dynamic in margins for 2017 is that we are expecting a bit of a FX headwind in margins. I think other than that, dynamics will be similar to what Chris described.
Ross Muken: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Jon Groberg of UBS. Your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay, thanks. First of all, welcome Sherry to Waters, and good luck.
Sherry Buck: Right, thank you.
Christopher O’Connell: Jon, are you there? I think you got dropped somehow by the phone. But, Jon, if you call back in, we’ll take your question right away.
Jonathan Groberg: Hello.
Operator: It’s the operator. The next on the line is Mr. Jack Meehan of Barclays. Your line is open.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. And maybe I just want to start off on FX and just what your thoughts are in pricing philosophy there and just more broadly what’s baked into the guidance on that front.
Christopher O’Connell: Baked-in in terms of the overall FX headwind?
Jack Meehan: Yeah, I guess, just with some of the recent changes, whether it impacted the way that you think about setting price for some of your products.
Christopher O’Connell: Now, I would say that we tend to be pretty consistent in our pricing philosophy. We do try to achieve annual modest and sustainable price increases, especially where we demonstrate that value to our customers. So I don’t think there is anything unusual in terms of our pricing policy or strategies right now related to FX. Obviously, we try to protect our revenue in some of the more volatile currencies through a combination of pricing in dollars and local currency. But I wouldn’t say there is anything unusual heading into this year.
Jack Meehan: Got it. Thank you. And then I just want to follow-up one more time on biopharma, getting a few questions on it. And I was wondering, just pairing your commentary around biotech and some of the smaller accounts driving a lot of the growth with the 2% organic you had in America, just what should be the read through in terms of the trends with large cap pharma and just the confidence looking into 2017 that that can continue to sustain the growth? Thanks.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. No, you have to piece apart the overall pharma picture and the U.S. picture to see some of the underlying points there. And like you point out, Jack, we are less dependent on large pharma. That’s been a consistent trend over time, where 10 years ago 25% of our pharma business was large cap multinationals and today that’s only about 11%. And so, it is a broadening base of that business and a globalization of that business. And when you really piece it apart, U.S. pharma was comparing to a tough year of 10% growth in prior year. And when you exclude the effects of some slightly negative government and academic and flattish industrial, U.S. pharma was more of a mid-single-digit, which reflected pretty good performance. And so, I think we generally feel good about the U.S. It’s sort of steady as she goes. And we continue to seek the balance that I described, but certainly not forgetting about large pharma. It’s been really our core customer base for a long time. And actually some of the most innovative work going on in the world right now is from the traditional large pharma companies. And we’re very excited to participate in that.
Jack Meehan: Great, appreciate all the color.
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks. Jon, did we get you back on the line?
Jonathan Groberg: Can you hear me now?
Christopher O’Connell: Now, we can hear you.
Jonathan Groberg: All right. Well, thanks. I’m not sure what happened. So I just had two quick questions. One on, I know you want to think about this Chris, but for QDa, can you give a sense as to how penetrated you think that market is from an adoption standpoint? And then the second question, they’re both kind of detailed questions, given kind of the rhetoric going on in Washington, how are you thinking about, or what percent of your products are manufactured outside the U.S. today? I know it’s a pretty significant percentage. And how are you kind of thinking about what you’re hearing going on in Washington? Thanks.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure, sure, now, fair question. First of all QDa, look, I think we’re - I know I have trouble hiding my enthusiasm of the QDa. QDa is a fantastic product. It’s revolutionary in terms of bringing mass spectrometry to a package that’s far more usable and integratable into many more workflows. The bottom-line is today mass spectrometry is used in far less than 10% of traditional chromatographic workflows. And so, you are only at the very beginning of mass detection. And this is particularly true as it relates to the use of QDa in mass detection generally in biopharma workflows as biopharma becomes bigger and bigger. And so it’s hard, it’s actually hard to put a specific number on percent penetration of addressable market, even though we do strive to do that, because the other thing we see is that new uses for QDa continue to present themselves. It’s a fairly diverse range of uses that people are finding for it. And we’ll put some more color on that when we get to our investor conference in early March. But we really do like the QDa platform and we like what it will do for the field of mass spectrometry broadly. In terms of the rhetoric in Washington, there is a lot of rhetoric for sure. To answer your question specifically, we’re actually relatively balanced today in terms of being a net importer or exporter. We’ve got a strong global manufacturing footprint with our major facilities between Singapore, Ireland, UK and the United States. And so from the standpoint of potential changes in corporate tax policy, we’re actually excited about some of those directions. Certainly, access to our global cash would be a benefit. Certainly, lower rates in the U.S. would be a benefit. And operationally, depending on how significant some of those changes are we’re in a good position based on that global footprint to move production to where it’s most optimized to benefit the company operationally, but also financially. So we’re watching all that very, very closely. I guess, I’m an optimist at the end of the day on matters like trade policy. I think we have too much to gain in terms of being a global economy. And while there is a war of words from time to time among different countries, I think the U.S. has shown over time to take a pragmatic view towards these questions and I think the U.S. economy will only benefit from that. So I’ll be an advocate for my chair in terms of free trade type policies and the growth of the U.S. economy as a result of that, which would only benefit our company and our industry.
Jonathan Groberg: All right. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Amanda Murphy of William Blair. Your line is open.
Amanda Murphy: Hi, I just have two quick questions for you. One, you mentioned the importance of regulatory dynamics and standardization, and you also talk about the Chinese FDA. So I was curious how much more runway you have on that specific initiative do you think. And anything else that is coming down the pipeline that you see in terms of regulatory changes or movement that could help in various different geographies going forward?
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Now, it’s a good question Amanda. We’ve seen this theme in different markets. And, for example, two, three years ago, four years ago, we saw this trend play out in India for example as the FDA took a greater interest in on-the-ground resources in India and as a lot of these Indian generic providers both local and multinational began their efforts to step up compliance activities. To your point, we are seeing that in China real time as the Chinese government is harmonizing on the greatest common denominator, which are the more exacting FDA-level type standards. We think we are in the middle of that. We are not going to try to predict how long that cycle may exist. We’re just focused on executing within it. But we do think at least in the near-term there is more runway there. I think this regulatory theme is not just one for the pharmaceutical market, but it’s also there for the food market as well. And actually it’s no coincidence that our food and applied franchise in China in particular has been a source of strength for the company. We do see over time more transparency in the supply chain for food from farm to market, and really the adaption of more sophisticated measurement technology such as LC-MS. And so we are trying to pursue those trends, we are trying to advocate with governments for responsible regulation in that regard. And we think we’ll benefit from it. But rising regulation is also a trend in the material sciences, as new materials become introduced for industrial products of all types. There are all increased testing standards and even regulation. So we think this regulatory theme is an important business driver for us and one we’re going to key off of.
Amanda Murphy: Yes, okay, it makes sense. I just have another question. I know this might be kind of generic, so forgive me, but I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit competition. And I know this is probably different in each parts your business. And I think mass spec historically been a little bit more competitive than others. But just trying to get a sense of, how you feel about the competitive dynamics at this point and who you are running into type thing.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, I’ll probably just give a simple answer to that, which is we think we have really great competitors. I have a lot of respect for the people we’re up against. The dynamics are different obviously in different sectors. In LC, market share tends to be stickier for obvious reasons related to the standards that endure in terms of the methods used to produce, develop and produce medications. Mass spec tends to be a little faster in terms of the innovation cycle and a little bit more dynamic in that regard. And don’t forget about competition on the service and chemistry side as well. TA Instruments on the material side faces a more fragmented competitor base than we do in the LC and MS business. But overall, I think we are up against smart, well-resourced disciplined companies. And I think that’s good for the business and for the markets, and for the customers. So I wouldn’t really want to say anything more than that.
Amanda Murphy: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Mr. Derik de Bruin of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: Hey, good morning.
Christopher O’Connell: Good morning, Derik.
Derik de Bruin: Great. So just a couple of quick ones, and then I have one, then one long one. Any M&A contribution in the quarter? And last quarter you had a negative 15% academic result in Q3. Was there stuff that got pushed from Q3 into Q4 this quarter?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. First of all, M&A was very, very minor, almost material. We had a tiny bit from the Rubotherm acquisition within TA, but it was almost not enough to comment on. Academic, yes, it was down in the quarter. We talked about that being sort of small and lumpy. There were one or two relatively modest examples of business that was pushed quarter to quarter, but that is also something that happens many quarters. There is always pushes and pulls. So we tend to look at that, as I said in the prepared remarks, that academic and government over a little bit more of a rolling period as quarters can, there is sometimes a lot of noise in various quarters.
Derik de Bruin: Great. And then just one long one, I certainly agree with that globally regulations going up, but there is news out this morning that Mr. Trump has frozen EPA grants. And he’s talking about rolling back 75% of regulation. I mean, how do you sort of deal with sort of like the, I would say, the mixed messages that we’ve got, wanting push back regulations in the States and then sort of the global market? I guess, the question I’m going to is like how much of your market for - is U.S. based potentially be impacted by some of the plans that Mr. Trump is has been proposing?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, first of all, I think the regulatory drivers of our business have a lot more to do with the emerging markets harmonizing on more global standards. I mean, certainly I don’t expect - there is a lot of different types of regulations that I think people are probably talking about in some of those comments. But I don’t think we have any expectation that regulations around the safety of medical therapies is going to be rolled back. I don’t think there is any talk about that. I think there is a lot of talk about financial regulation, environmental regulation and some things of that nature. But there are lot of messages out there. And we just try to be a little more focused on what’s in front of us. But I would say the two overwhelming factors driving our view of this topic are again the harmonization standards around the world, particularly in the Chinese and Indias of the world. And I think there is also an underlying consumer demand for safety, for purity, for quality in products of all types, whether they’re medications, food or industrial products.
Derik de Bruin: Good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from [Vineet Suda] [ph]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Good morning. Can you guys hear me?
Christopher O’Connell: Sure.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, Chris. Thanks, Gene, and welcome, Sherry. Just of course if I could try to understand the biomolecules’ dynamics, in the developed market pharma could you help us understand in the QA/QC lab in terms of competitive dynamics? You have biomolecules that are been entering the pipeline from the top from discovery and going through the approval. They’re pulling in some of the competitive technologies into the QA/QC lab, where traditionally you’ve had a very good position, very strong position. Help us understand a little bit in terms of those competitive dynamics. And, of course, you are answering that by your QDa detector. But help us parse out what you see that in 2017 and how do you see that going forward?
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. I think it’s a good broad question, Vineet, as it relates to the - really the movement of a lot of biomolecules from the discovery and development phase into manufacturing. And there is ultimately going to be a technology set that may look quite different in that large molecule category than we see in traditional chemical entity type workflows. And this is why the company is positioned for that. You mentioned QDa and that’s certainly one aspect of it, but it also starts with separations and the advent of UPLC and the technology advantage we have on the UPLC side for speed and precision of a separation science is clearly a key driver. I would also say on the kits, in addition to the mass detection that we talked about with QDa, there is all the work around the kits required to characterize various qualities or molecules, for example in Glycans. You’ve heard us talk about Glycans and the GlycoWorks technology that it’s been a real boon to protein characterization; additionally, our package around ProteinWorks that goes even further. And then I really wrap it also with the comment on software. Please don’t forget about the importance of the data integrity equation that continues to impress us as a need in the market and the validated software that we offer. So anyway, we’ve put a stake in the ground a long time ago. We continue to develop this particular thought process around how the biomolecule world will increasingly look different. And we expect to share more insights on that when we get to our investor meeting in March.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And just one quick follow-up on the food and environmental comments that you made earlier, I mean, as you look at the food and environmental market in China, again, my understanding that LC-MS world being in that in past life is sort of the pricing is on the biopharma, and it is less sensitive compared to the food and environmental guys as they looked at the overall offering. Help me understand how you are able to penetrate those markets and gain share, especially in China, which is not only itself price sensitive, but again food and environmental being more - little bit more price sensitive. And you guys really have premium offering in terms of UPLCs and across the board. So help me educate a little bit.
Christopher O’Connell: Vineet, let me give you just a quick simple answer for that, then I would like to go to the last question as we’re little short on time. The reality is those markets are still prioritizing the most exacting measurement technology and, we’re actually able to maintain a price premium. We’ve been hard at work for a long time with the government agencies to help define these new standard to analysis, which typically involve adoption of latest technologies, not price discounted lesser technologies. So we’ll continue to try to push that trend. But thanks for the question. We have one more question, Jay, from the queue?
Operator: Thank you. The next one is from Doug Schenkel of Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: All right. Good morning, everyone. First, I welcome Sherry, and second, I want to take this opportunity to thank Gene for all your help over the years and congratulate on the new role. So now for the questions I have, I have two. The first is on guidance, I was surprised that gross margin guidance was a little bit better given the move in the pound sterling. Can you help educate us a bit? Or are you embedding any assumption that product or geographic mix are a lot different in 2017 as part of the guide? And then, the second question is really on TA and the industrial end-market. I was a little surprised as well to see TA not do a bit better, when commentary on industrial was so positive relative to what we’ve seen for a little while. I know some of this was attributed to the comp. But do you think there is also some potential that the market paused a bit at least for you due to - all the new products launches that you have coming to the market right now? Thanks. I’ll get back in the queue and listen.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Well, I will take the question on TA, and then see if John and Sherry want to comment a little more on the guidance. But, first of all, - and thanks for your comment on Gene as well. On TA, maybe what you suggest is possible that as the market seeks to absorb new technology it does so in a little bit more of a measured fashion. But I think the TA performance really reflects what we talked about, which is strong comps and also maybe particular factors that are associated with the polymer and the metals type of industry that TA tends to be more focused on or better performs in the overall industrial category, which is really driven by as we talked about early the applied markets of food, environmental and those sort of markets that TA has some exposure to but less than Waters product. So, again, a little bit of the softer year on a great year before, but a great product position and we are hopeful for TA for 2017. So, any thoughts on the guidance?
John Lynch: Yeah. Hi, Doug. This is John. I will comment on the gross margin guidance. I think that would you get some benefit from the pound, but we anniversary that about mid-year. And what we are feeling some pain from is the yen and the euro for the full year.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, okay.
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks, Doug. And with that let me thank everybody for your great questions. Let me conclude the call now, please. So in conclusion, we are encouraged by our 2016 performance as we’ve described, really headlined by our ability to deliver strong organic top-line growth, modest operating leverage, and double-digit earnings per share growth. So as we move into 2017, we remain focused on delivering operating results, and feel that market conditions and our competitive position support continuing success. So on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. And we look forward to updating you on our progress during our upcoming investor conference as well as our Q1 2017 call, which we currently anticipate holding on April 25, 2017. Thanks very much, and have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: John Lynch - Waters Corp. Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp. Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.
Analysts: Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Dan Arias - Citigroup Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Lynch, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Lynch - Waters Corp.: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the fourth quarter and full year 2016. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and those actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussion of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled, Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials, included in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to third quarter of fiscal year 2015. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Lastly, as you recall in January of this year, we announced a new integrated structure for what was traditionally referred to as the Waters Division and TA Instruments Division. So, on this call and into the future, we will continue to refer to Waters products and markets and TA Instruments products and markets. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Waters' Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. Also here for our commentary and the Q&A session is Gene Cassis, our Chief Financial Officer. As with past earnings calls, I will provide an overview of our third quarter results as well as some broader commentary. Overall, we delivered a solid third quarter performance with sales growing 5% and adjusted non-GAAP EPS increasing 11%. Growth was driven by continued strong performance in our core biopharmaceutical business, sustained momentum in China and reliable recurring revenues globally, offset by flat sales in our industrial markets and general challenging governmental and academic demand. Earnings growth in the quarter continue to outpace our top-line performance due to ongoing operating expense discipline, as well as positive foreign currency translation effects in the P&L. Taking a closer look at our business in major markets, our broadly defined biopharmaceutical market for Waters products and services once again led the way with 13% growth in the quarter. We saw this growth across all significant pharmaceutical workflows and in all major geographic regions. Year-to-date, our sales to the biopharmaceutical customers have grown 12%, which is particularly impressive in comparison to double-digit growth rates in the first nine months of 2015. While growth contribution can be seen across multiple and customer types, our biopharmaceutical growth continues to be strongest in smaller, specialty and biotech firms. This is further evidence of a steadily increasing diversity and balance in our core business. Our global industrial sector, which includes sales to the material characterization, food, environmental and fine chemicals market, grew 1% in the quarter. Global weakness from the chemical industry contributed to slower growth in both our TA Instruments and Waters product lines. Demand for food safety and food quality related applications fared better, however, with sales growing by 7%. Looking at governmental and academic markets, we saw a 15% decline in the quarter, particularly influenced by softness in Japan, Europe and the U.S. As we have stated before, demand from these markets tends to be lumpy quarter to quarter. This past quarter, additional dynamics relating to the timing of order shipments skewed the results and we expect more stability in the fourth quarter. This decline was partially offset by low to mid single-digit improvements in Asia, excluding Japan. Turning to product line dynamics in the quarter, Waters instrument sales grew 4%. Continued strong uptake for LC systems featuring the ACQUITY Arc module and for LC-MS systems incorporating our bench-top Tandem Quadrupole technologies were highlights of the quarter's performance. Speaking of Tandem Quad mass spectrometers, Q3 saw an acceleration of sales for our Xevo TQ-S micro and the more recently introduced Xevo TQ-XS high performance Tandem Quadrupole instrument. These instruments are used for demanding quantification applications where high sensitivity, speed of analysis and reproducibility are required, whether analyzing small or large molecules, a single analyte or a panel of compounds. On the research mass spec side, more labs are adopting our newly introduced Vion IMS QTof system as the advantages of seamlessly coupling ion mobility and high-resolution top (06:25) measurements are enabling new research workflows. Waters' total recurring revenue, the combination of servicing, chemistry consumables, grew 7% in Q3. Breaking out our recurring revenues, service grew at an 8% rate with global demand for service plans continuing to increase. Sales of chemistry consumables were up 6% in the quarter with relatively balanced regional growth. Continued strong uptake for our protein columns and GlycoWorks labeling kits highlighted the robustness of our biopharmaceutical consumable sales trends. Additionally, sales of ACQUITY UPLC columns continue to demonstrate the increasing usage of UPLC technology in regulated workflows. Turning to our TA Instruments business, revenues were up 1% for the quarter with flat sales in instrument systems and 6% growth in service revenues. These results were below our expectations given TA's strong product position in the current Discovery Series launch and seem to signal slower demand from industrial chemical customers, particularly in developed markets. We will continue to watch these markets closely and look to capitalize on opportunities to address pent-up demand as it materializes. In the quarter, TA completed the acquisition of Rubotherm, a developer of a unique and high-performance thermogravimetric technology based on magnetic levitation. This exciting product line will fit squarely into our broader thermal analysis portfolio and sales channel and open up adjacent growth opportunities. Finally, looking at the quarter geographically, Asia continues to be our strongest region with 13% growth, while sales in the Americas grew by 2% and European sales declined by 1%. The strength of our business in Asia was highlighted by strong double-digit sales growth in China and this in comparison to a strong prior year's quarter. Within China, we saw growth across all of our markets and product lines with particular strength in pharmaceuticals. Looking specifically at our Chinese business with pharmaceutical customers, growth drivers included new regulatory requirements by the CFDA, which is China's Food & Drug Administration, which focus on increasing analytical rigor across key workflows to assure consistency of results and integrity of archive data. Our strength across LC optical and LC and MS as well as with our Empower chromatography data system has us well positioned to meet these needs. Furthermore, TA posted double-digit growth in China. In Japan, sales from our Waters portfolio declined modestly at constant currency with growth in pharmaceutical sales offset by declines in industrial, government and academic spending. TA's performance in Japan was flat. Revenues in the Americas included a slight decline in the U.S. against the challenging base of comparison, offset by growth off easier comps in Latin America. Our performance in the U.S. was a tale of two cities, with continuing strong pharmaceutical demand offset by lower governmental and academic spending. Pharmaceutical demand in the U.S. was strongest from specialty and biotech firms. Europe also saw strong biopharmaceutical trends, driven by demand for service and mass spectrometry technologies. Offsetting solid mid single-digit growth in Western Europe was weaker demand in Eastern Europe and the Middle East. Stepping back and looking at our year-to-date results, I am pleased with our overall performance as revenues have grown 6%, and adjusted non-GAAP EPS has grown 12%. Revenue through the first nine months has been solidly above estimated market growth rates, and the team has also effectively managed our spending to deliver operating leverage, while continuing to invest appropriately in new innovations and customer support to fuel our future growth. From the beginning of the year, we expected our big three growth drivers, namely the biopharma market, our China geography and recurring revenues of chemistry and service to all be sources of strength. If anything, performance from these sources has exceeded our expectations. And while our other market and geography segments have materialized somewhat differently than we originally expected, we don't see any factors that affect our ability to deliver the overall results we are targeting for the year. Moreover, we feel we are poised to benefit from improvement in market conditions in the industrial, government and academic markets when they occur. So as we look at the fourth quarter and beyond, we will continue to emphasize execution in our core business and key growth drivers and are pleased that business trends in these areas suggest a continuation of strong and sustainable operating performance. Now, I'd like to pass the call over to Gene for a deeper review of the financials. Gene?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: Well, thank you, Chris, and good morning. In the third quarter, our revenues came in at $527 million, an increase of about 5%. The impact of currency translation in the quarter was about neutral. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the third quarter were up 11% to $1.57 in comparison to earnings of $1.42 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.53 compared to $1.40 for the third quarter of last year. On a year-to-date basis, our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 12% to $4.41 in comparison to earnings of $3.94 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $4.26, compared to $3.82 for the comparable period in 2015. Our reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached in our press release issued this morning. On the product front, our Waters products and services sales were up 5%, while TA's were up 1%. Breaking that down somewhat, LC and MS instrumentation platform sales increased by 4%, and TA's instrument sales were flat. Our total recurring revenue associated with both Waters and TA products grew by 7% with TA service revenue up 6%. Looking at our growth rates in the third quarter and before currency translation, U.S. and European sales were down 1%, Japan is down 2% and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 18%. As Chris noted, sales of Waters products were particularly strong in China. As for TA, global product sales were up 1% overall with mid single-digit decreases in the U.S. and Europe, offset by strong double-digit growth in China. Now I'd like to comment on our third quarter's non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins for the quarter came in at 58.6% versus 58.7% in the third quarter of last year. The year-to-date gross margin percentage is about equal to that of the first three quarters of 2015 with currency still a slight headwind. Moving down to P&L, SG&A expenses were up 2% on a constant currency basis and flat on a non-GAAP reported basis. R&D expenses, including those associated with new product development and incremental investments, grew 8% in the quarter on a constant currency basis, but decreased by 1% on a reported basis, this primarily due to the weaker British pound. On the tax front, our effective non-GAAP operating tax rate for the quarter was about 14% versus 12.7% in the third quarter of 2015. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6 million, and our average share count came in at 81.4 million shares or approximately 1.4 million shares lower than the third quarter of last year, this being a net result of our ongoing share repurchase program. Turning now to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $2.7 billion and debt was about $1.8 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of $931 million. As for third quarter share repurchases, we bought 440,000 shares of our common stock for $69 million. This leaves $206 million on our authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. In the third quarter of 2016, free cash flow came in at $128 million after funding $21 million of capital, and excluded from this amount is approximately $2 million of investments associated with facility expansions. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 76 days in the quarter. Inventory levels were up approximately 6% in comparison to the prior quarter, reflecting typical seasonal patterns. As we think about our expectations for the fourth quarter of 2016, we anticipate constant currency sales growth of approximately 5%. Currency translation at today's rates is expected to modestly increase the sales growth. Moving down the P&L, we expect gross margin percent for the fourth quarter to sequentially improve from the third quarter's and approach 60%. Operating expenses will continue to be carefully controlled and will grow moderately from those in the prior year's quarter while we continue to fund R&D initiatives. Moving below the operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $7 million, and we expect our operating tax rate to come in at 14%. Rolling these figures together, we anticipate non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share within a range of $2.08 to $2.18. Combining this fourth quarter outlook with the results of the first nine months of 2016 and assuming a fully diluted share count of about 81.5 million shares, we now anticipate full year 2016 reported sales growth of about 6% and adjusted fully diluted earnings per share in the range of $6.48 to $6.58, which maintains the midpoint of our full-year guidance as communicated at the end of the last quarter. And with that, I will turn the call back to Chris.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Great. Thank you, Gene. Before we open the phone lines for Q&A, I just like to add one comment. Since I started at Waters a little more than a year ago, the investment community has been very supportive and engaging as I dug in with the team to operate the business, build the team, and chart the future. Given my interest in providing you deeper insights into Waters and our future direction, I'm pleased to communicate that we will host an Investor Day on Thursday, March 2, 2017 in New York City. Preliminary planning is under way for an agenda that will feature presentations from our management team on a more comprehensive view of our business and future goals and strategies as well as an opportunity for Q&A and informal interaction. We'll provide more details as this event approaches. And with that, we'll now open the lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get to everyone's questions, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Thank you, and, Natalie, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I appreciate your comments on the academic markets in the prepared statements, but I was hoping you could put a little more context. We've seen a few companies this quarter now kind of echo a similar pressure in that channel, and I was wondering if you could maybe help us reconcile. It seems like funding in the U.S. is better this year, but it's not translating into dollars. So, just thoughts on why that's the case and when we might see a turn.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Isaac. I'll make a few comments, and Gene may want to follow up as well. And I agree with your point that we don't really see a funding problem out there. In fact, if anything in the broader picture and you see this in headlines and in terms of what the government is interested in and a number of different funding sources, there definitely seems to be a renaissance in medical research and other areas that will ultimately translate into spending in the academic sector. As I commented in my comments, the patterns here tend to be quite lumpy. There is less recurring revenue, as you know, in these segments, more oriented towards high-end mass spectrometry. And frankly, we have pretty good visibility to orders. And just looking at a bunch of timing factors around orders, I think that tends to distort numbers quarter to quarter sometimes. So, again, our outlook is in this particular area to be conservative and to be cautious but looking for opportunities to do better, and that's the way we're looking at it.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Maybe just a clarifying question on that last comment you made about orders. So, could you maybe quantify the extent to which delayed orders might have had an impact on that part of the business, either to total top line or to growth in the academic channel and should we assume that the majority of that translates into the fourth quarter based on your current guidance?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: I'd rather not quantify that specifically, Isaac, other than to say that we do try to calculate that and try to get a sense as to what the overall end market is capable of in the foreseeable future, and that's why we don't see this as a crisis per se but really the vagaries of timing and a cautious outlook on these markets which are a little bit less predictable given our revenue composition in the area.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Next question comes from Derik De Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Just a couple of clarifying questions. Could you clarify the M&A contribution in the quarter and the full year expectation? And then on the fourth quarter guidance, you do have two extra days in the quarter, if I'm not mistaken. So, that's sort of implying a general slowdown in the business from the year-over-year comps. Is that the wrong way to sort of look at it?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Derik, I'll let Gene comment mostly on this, but the M&A contribution is very small at this point. And in terms of the extra days, yes, there are extra days, but it's generally within the noise, and we didn't bank too much on the two extra days. So, Gene, go ahead.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: Hi, Derik. In terms of looking at the M&A contribution in the quarter that we just reported on, it was around 20 basis points of revenue growth. And in terms of looking at the effects of the selling days on the fourth quarter's performance, as you know from following this company for many years, the days typically affect our recurring revenues. And a good rule of thumb is that each day, additional day can contribute about a percentage of growth to our recurring revenues. And with recurring revenues being about half of our business, that would translate into a benefit of about a percentage point of growth. So, it is really not the caution on recurring revenues that leads to our assumptions about the fourth quarter's performance. I think our conservatism is much more around the capital spend...
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: ...concerns about continued industrial weakness, and again, as Chris so well characterized, the government and academic that it's a little bit tough to call just given the lumpiness of it. So, there's a little bit of conservatism on the capital spend that's built into the fourth quarter outlook.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And just one final clarification. So, you're not expecting as big a budget flush in pharma then?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: Well, you know what? The pharmaceutical performance was strong in the prior-year quarter. The momentum that we see in pharmaceuticals early in this fourth quarter continues to be encouraging. But I think to assume that the pharmaceutical world continues on a trajectory that's close to a mid-teens rate would be something that we're not particularly comfortable with. So, I think...
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: ...as we begin to look at our expectations for the fourth quarter, a little bit of moderation of that pharmaceutical growth I think is warranted, still very healthy, but just not at the rate that we reported in the third quarter, Derik.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks for the clarification.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg from UBS. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Hey, Chris. You guys ended the year with just under $1 billion if net cash, and Danaher just bought Phenomenex, which I know is an asset that you would think would fit kind of nicely under your guys's umbrella. Can you maybe talk a little bit about how you're thinking about capital allocation and use of that cash?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Sure. Yeah, I think the story on capital deployment, Jon, is very consistent with what we've always done. As you know, we have a well-established share repurchase program that we anticipate continuing. As far as M&A goes, I've been very clear since the day I walked in here that we will actively look at those opportunities, but it's not a core strategy of the company. M&A is really a tactic to execute a business strategy, and certainly, we'll say more about this over time including at the investor meeting early next year, but suffice it to say, we'll look at everything out there, but we're going to be very disciplined about those types of decisions. So, certainly, if the right opportunities presented themselves and they made sense strategically, they made sense financially, we'd be interested, but at this point in time, we've taken a more conservative approach on that.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: And this is my quick follow-up. I guess, as you look out there and you see some of these chess pieces that are moving around, are you seeing any signs, either on the instrumentation business or the chemistry business, are you seeing any signs in terms of the way your customers are behaving or any changes in the way your customers are behaving or any impact of what some of your competitors are doing?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Jon, that's absolutely the right question to ask, and it's the question we ask as well, which is, is there benefit to breadth in the customer purchasing process. And at this point, we don't really see any signs that that is the case. We believe we benefit from our focus and our depth in the particular workflows we're focused on. And within those areas, we're actually more comprehensive than any of our competitors, say, for example, in the five main areas of chromatography, mass spectrometry, chemistry, service, and informatics. When you look at that bundle and the workflows that surround those areas, we're number one altogether, and we've got strength in every one of those components but also an ability to put those together as a system for the key workflows in our chosen markets. And so, it's a very fair question. It's the right question and it's one we'll continue to evaluate, but at this point, I certainly don't see any competitive advantage from just having more product categories in a purchasing type of scenario.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. Just to start on TA, what were new product contributions to growth in the quarter? What's current backlog? And as we begin to think about 2017, do you still believe the series of new TA instrument launches can help drive at least corporate average growth even if industrial end market challenges persist or based on what we're seeing now, should we tamper our expectations?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. Good question, Doug, and you've pointed out an important point which is that from a product position standpoint in TA, we're in a great situation. We're I'd say midway through the early stages of the launch of the Discovery series with the DSC and the TGA instruments in the market with still several more versions to come. I would say the contribution from those particular product lines is relatively modest right now and that the situation in TA relative to the top line is more reflecting of the industrial chemical end markets and just a little bit of sluggishness in those markets right now. We're extremely vigilant about trying to understand that and feel that whenever there is sign of life in those markets that we're going to do very, very well. That particular instrument product line actually gives us new capability, increasing pricing power, actually better margins. And so, we're actually in the general sense quite optimistic about the performance of TA and giving that particular product line a lot of support right now and just trying to manage our way through a little softer end market.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess, a margin question. So, SG&A was flat year-over-year reported, up 2% in constant currency terms. And really that type of leverage was really the most important driver to you meeting EPS expectations in the quarter. How much was the leverage there? How much of that was that driven by revenue weakness versus true operational discipline? What's the sustainability of this type of leverage at the SG&A line looking forward? And then moving up the P&L, looking at the gross margin line, could you provide some more color on the puts and takes to gross margin in the quarter? By our estimates, the weakening of the pound may have provided around 50 basis point benefit and in spite of that gross margin decline, 10 bps year-over-year. If you could provide a little more detail there as well, that would be helpful.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Sure. Thanks, Doug. Let me make a couple of comments, and then Gene can provide some additional data points. You're right. We did get SG&A leverage, and that's a combination of, I would say, three factors, certainly a little bit of revenue weakness lowered some of the sales-type spending, very strong operating discipline, and this team, as you know, has a history of disciplined operating management, and so we obviously have the ability to manage expenses tightly while still making sure we're doing the right things for growth. And we got a little bit of FX benefit as well. I think it's important to say as well SG&A will be an area that we continue to look for operating leverage over time, especially in the interest of maintaining or even enhancing our investment in R&D. I've said before that as long as we can cover it and still get operating leverage in the P&L and as long as I'm convinced that there is good R&D productivity, I'm even interested in increasing our commitment to innovation. Being the most vital organic grower and innovator in the industry is an important strategy of ours. And so, I'm very pleased that we're able to get operating leverage primarily through the SG&A line, at the same time, increasing our focus on innovation and fueling the new product pipeline. So, I think there is a good balance in the P&L right now. And I think many of those factors are indeed sustainable, and we want to obviously have that type of philosophy going forward. So, I'll let Gene comment a little more specifically on the puts and takes in the gross margin.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: Sure. Thank you very much, Chris, and hi, Doug. Looking at the gross margin like in every quarter, there are pushes and pulls. And you're right that we did get some FX benefit in the gross margin line, primarily from the Japanese yen and yes, some benefit from the British pound. Offsetting that was some dynamics in terms of product mix and geographical mix of the business. Historically, TA has been a very high gross margin business for us and was a little bit weaker in the quarter. So, that was one of the factors that influenced gross margin. And we had a very strong quarter in the area of service, which is a little bit dilutive to the gross margin, but it's nicely accretive to the operating margin. There's been a lot of focus on the valuation of the British pound post the Brexit vote, and I just wanted to comment that we didn't really see the full effect of the pound's current value in these third quarter results as the pound weakened throughout the quarter. So, the average rate of the pound wasn't quite as favorable as it is today, but where we see it most dramatically is in our R&D expense. I think we had talked about there being about a 9 percentage point difference between the constant currency R&D growth and the actual reported R&D growth. So, those are some of the factors where currency affected our P&L in the quarter.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: All right. Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Next question comes from Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning, guys. Just want to get back on the CapEx side and again, just I know we're not going to get detailed bookings color, but can you just give us a sense in some of the markets where you either saw choppiness like academic and government or actual weakness in Europe or industrial, what the cadences looked like in those markets and how you feel about visibility? So, what I'm trying to get a sense of – because it seems like you're suggesting a lot of these issues are sort of temporal. Are you seeing something like in the very early parts of sort of the booking cycle where you're feeling like there are signs of recovery? Are you just looking at the period at which some of those markets have been depressed? And assuming you see some shift back, is some of it based off of maybe a lack of political uncertainty? Obviously, we've got with what's going on with the Brexit and the presidential election in the U.S. kind of uncertainty. I'm just trying to get a little bit of color for how you're thinking about that cadence, particularly in some of the markets where it's been a bit choppy.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Ross. Let me try to add some value on that comment that you're making. I think overall, I want to reiterate that I think the approach we're taking in these markets and really separating some of those growth drivers I talked about, which are really doing so well, pharma, China, recurring revenues, and we continue to focus on those. But in the areas that you mentioned, I think we're being quite balanced actually and cautious and conservative. And I don't think we have a feeling that there is some major cyclical trend that we're heading into. I think we see the normal back and forth of some of these markets particularly at the later point of the year. I don't have any evidence that political uncertainty is causing any abnormal issues here, certainly from a Brexit standpoint. Our business in the UK and in Europe has actually been pretty steady. And just in the Europe context, while the overall number looked a little bit lower, you really have to separate Western Europe from Eastern Europe and the Middle East. The Western Europe part of that business is, as I mentioned, is quite stable and even the UK itself. Same comment on the U.S. political environment. We don't really see any linkage to the current election cycle to behaviors or attitudes in terms of the end customers. We do have more visibility to certain of those subsectors, say, particularly in the academic world where we have a longer view into the pipeline. And as I mentioned before, without trying to quantify it, we see enough evidence in the trialing and the quoting and the ordering to say that hopefully, we'll have some opportunities to improve on what we did last quarter coming up here. So, again, a conservative and a pragmatic approach in terms of the outlook in those markets but really truly looking for an opportunity to do better.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: And maybe just quickly going back on the biopharma side, I mean, we talked about this last quarter. But the sort of length of this cycle is probably atypical versus prior, but there's a number of reasons for that, and obviously, pipeline success has been quite good. As you talk to the sales force, many of which have been there for a long time or looking into that customer base, obviously, on a regular basis more deeply, how do they kind of characterize sort of the staying power at least on the CapEx side of demand and how they're thinking about how the order book sort of maintains over the next 12 months or 24 months? And again, I'm not looking for quantitative guidance because I know we're not going to get that, but just more like anecdotally what their conversations are like today versus 12 months ago or what they are most keyed in on to sort of understanding the trajectory of that demand base?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. That's a terrific question, Ross, and that's exactly the right question, and it's probably the question I spend most of my time thinking about, embrace your core business, love your core business, and try to understand it at a deeper level. And clearly, this question of cycles in pharmaceutical and staying power of demand, as you say, is exactly the point. And I guess my perspective – and I welcome Gene's more longer historical perspective as well – but my perspective is the pharma market we see today and that we expect to see just feels like a very steadily changing and different type of market than historical, potentially with less cyclicality, more balanced geographically, more balanced from an end customer standpoint. I used the word earlier renaissance in medical research, but I think that term also applies to the drug development process. And we're seeing less and less dependence on the biggest customers, less and less dependence on traditional, large, integrated biopharmaceutical companies, more and more growth and innovation in the specialty area, the biotech area, obviously, on one end of the spectrum, a real growth in the generic category driven by rising patient access to medical therapies around the world, but on the other end, an increasing drive for innovation and increasing complexity of molecules that are under development and frankly, that have more challenging characterization requirements. I'm personally spending a ton of my time with customers still, and many of these factors are reinforced. And so, we're excited about what's happening in the pharma world and all of those factors, and we'll continue to try to quantify that and really lean into that. So, we're really maximizing our performance in our core business which is our strategic goal number one.
Ross Muken - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks. Maybe, Chris, following up on that last point, you had another sequential increase in biopharma. I think last quarter, you talked about large pharma picking up a bit. I think it was up mid-single digits. So, can you maybe talk to whether that trend continued? And then on the biotech side, how much is the strength that you're seeing is a result of investments you're making into that channel? And are you seeing any shift in product mix with the growth in biotech?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. First of all, as it relates to large pharma, I would say we continue to see steady performance out of large pharma. It's not our fastest growing segment but it's there. It comes in and out a little bit quarter to quarter, but we're certainly not declining in that segment. And actually, I think large pharma is doing pretty well right now as a sector and end market but really, a lot of the growth, as you point out, is coming from specialty and biotech and so forth. I guess, I've spent a lot of time studying this this year, and I think the company made a bet five or seven or eight years ago, something in that timeframe to really develop more application support for the biotech world. And we've used a couple of examples of that in terms of some of the consumables and kits but also the workflows around the mass spec product line. And I think what we're seeing is we've seen a steady increase in market share in the large molecule segment. The large molecule segment is growing faster than the small molecule segment in general for the future, and it's a very, very different market. And that's what we're trying to do is really unstack the stack and understand it with more granularity, what the demands are in each of these subsets. But I think our biotech offering and you see this reflected in our current products but also as we share more of our product pipeline for the future continued strong emphasis on this biotech sector.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then maybe one on Japan. It's been core for a while. Obviously, there's been volatility in the yen. Do you see things kind of bottoming out there or what's the outlook?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Japan is mixed as we commented. The pharma sector in Japan is solid right now. And like I said, the pharma sector around the world has been pretty balanced, and that's true in Japan. In Japan where we've been through a little bit of a cycle and saw it again this quarter with less spending on the government side and declined some pretty good size declines in that sector as the government has prioritized other national investments in the wake of some of the unfortunate disasters there. There are some infrastructure rebuilding that has what we believe temporarily moved money away from some of the research government-type research business, but Gene may want to comment more on that.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: No, I think that's very accurate. And as Chris mentioned, the pharmaceutical spend in Japan continues to be robust. The other thing that we're seeing is that, that is a country that is very receptive to new technologies, and the uptake of some of TA's new Discovery products is something that we're very optimistic on as we look at the industrial opportunity in Japan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then if I could just ask one last quick clarification. I think it's an important point. As we think about next year, obviously, there's been a lot of focus on the pound movement implications to earnings. It sounds like from your comments, Chris, you may use that as an opportunity to take up investments. Is that the right way to not actually think about it all flowing through?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: I'm sorry. Can you repeat the last part of that an opportunity to what -
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'm just trying to think about given the currency moves and the implied benefits for 2017 earnings, it sounds like you're going to actually be taking up spending a bit next year. Is that the right interpretation? So, the currency moves may not necessarily flow through.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: I don't think that's necessarily fair to say. We're right in the middle of our budgeting cycle, and I think like history and we've implied all the way along here, we're going to be prudent and cautious. It's our goal to sustain very attractive top line growth and to deliver some modest operating leverage while continuing to invest in R&D and in our sales force. And so, I don't anticipate any sort of a step change spending increase program. We're just going to continue to be very, very disciplined about how we deploy our capital internally.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for clarifying.
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Arias from Citigroup.Your line is now open.
Dan Arias - Citigroup: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. Chris, maybe just some color on new products and the competitive environment and industrial. Do you feel like the instruments that you're coming to market with are coming at a time when your competitors are doing a similar thing or do you think you're a bit off cycle, so to speak, which maybe has your – the potential for your portfolio to stick out a bit for those that are thinking about purchasing?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: That's a good question, Dan I would say I'm still learning about the competitive landscape relative to product cycles and what they're trying to do. But frankly, I'm 100% focused on what we're trying to do and making sure we're doing the right thing for Waters. So, I don't know that I have a perfectly clairvoyant vision on your question. I look at what we're doing in product development and take the last four or five big products we've done like the QDa mass detector, the ACQUITY Arc, a couple of really great new entrants in the mass spec category with Vion and then Xevo TQ-XS in the quantification area and then the stuff on the TA side. I like the way these products are shaping up for the priority segments, these particular products that we're newer in the market with. And keep in mind, product launches in this sector continue to impress me as things that really deepen and build and scale more steadily over time rather than being quick hits. But you think about the key priorities around our core business in small molecules and technologies like the Arc and the advantages that gives us in a more flexible approach to methods in geographies like China. You look at the biotech development phase and the food safety area and some other things and the strength we have in the tandem quadrupole area. And so, I think some of the products that we're emphasizing right now in our portfolio are very much at the core of the most important trends that we're trying to drive in the marketplace. And we'll over time give you a little more visibility into the pipeline for the future, but I've had an opportunity to spend a lot of time thinking about our portfolio and working with our engineering teams to make sure that what is coming next continues to build on this momentum.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, if we look at some of the M&A activity that's taking place in the chemical space, any reason to think that that's having a role in demand or the way that timing is shaping up?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: In the chemical space. I don't know. I think that's a fair question. I mean, obviously, you have Dow, DuPont out there, and those have been good customers for us. I haven't seen any evidence that there is some discontinuity in terms of demand from those types of customers. So, I think the industrial backdrop that we have been talking about on this call is something that many people have seen. It's across sectors and we're just trying to be very clear right about it and certainly not panicking and being conservative and cautious like I said but looking for opportunities and making sure we're poised to seize those opportunities because what happens when you're in a cycle like this is that pent-up demand builds, and we're looking for opportunities to get some big wins in that regard.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Very good. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Just two quick ones for me. One is a regional question. The growth in India doesn't get as much attention on this call as sometimes I think it maybe deserves. Can you give us a sense for what India growth specifically was in the quarter, what it's been year-to-date? And how the balance of the drivers there is evolving between some of the regulatory demands coming from parties outside India, and how much of it is volume and how are you thinking about the structural growth drivers (49:19) going forward. Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Steve. I'm glad you raised India, we do tend to talk about China a lot as a huge market and a high performing market, but India has been the same category. I very much think about India a lot and work with the team there. Our growth there has been in recent quarters and years, really solid in the mid-teens. And I think that reflects a couple of different things. Number one, it reflects the vibrancy of the generics market in terms of both the Indian companies and the multinational companies that are operating there, developing generic pharmaceuticals – producing generic pharmaceuticals for the world. As you allude to in your question, the regulatory requirements from the FDA and other notified bodies and regulators around the world has been increasing. And so, we've done particularly well in that market and believe we built our market share position and actually have quite a high market share position in India based on our competitive advantage in chromatography data systems, i.e., Empower. It's a huge competitive advantage for us, it's one we continue to build upon and we're building a stronger and stronger foundation of loyalty in that market. The other point about India that I find interesting is that not only is India an interesting market from a multinational standpoint and an export standpoint, but it's going to become over time a vibrant domestic market as well. And so, the strength of our franchise there over time, the strength of our relationships and our team sets us up well for other new waves of growth in India, so India is a huge priority, it's challenging to be our third-largest country in the world after the U.S. and China and will continue to be one of our top priorities.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, Chris. And then just one update on the mix of the business to help us think about how to model going forward, I know historically the company has had a pretty healthy balance of revenue exposure within the pharma category between, let's call it R&D/drug development on one side and then production and manufacturing on the other side. Given that we've seen so much growth in pharma as a category for you guys over the last couple of years, can you give us an update on what the balance is there between those two segments of pharma and where you're seeing more relative growth and how you're thinking about that over the next year or two? Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. We're pretty well balanced between development and production, more 50-50 between R&D and then the QC/QA side. The QA/QC side, as you know is more oriented towards recurring revenue and the service and the consumables, whereas the R&D side, a little more oriented towards capital. We've traditionally been strongest in late-stage development and then QA/QC and certainly as we – based on the earlier conversation we had on the changing nature of pharma, as there's been more activity in development in recent years from more sectors, particularly specialty and biotech, that's been an area of strength for us. But we also have opportunities, we can do better in earlier-stage development and even in the research side. And we're excited about some things we're working on to augment the strength we have on late-stage development in QC and to earlier stage development in research, and we want to continue to improve in all areas. So, I don't know that there's been any drastic changes in mix, I don't think so in terms of our overall business composition between those areas. But like anything, there's areas we do particularly well and areas we can improve.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks and a good morning.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Evans from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I was hoping to put a little bit of a finer point on the academic, government decline. In particular, you called out the dynamics in the U.S. as being strong pharma offset by weaker academic, but I think the academic piece in the U.S. is fairly small. I guess first of all, can you quantify how much of your revenue is kind of U.S. academic, government, and then, how much was what particular piece down?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Yeah. That's a fair question, Tim and we don't want to quantify all the different growth rates by sub-segment, but just in a broad sense, about 15% of our worldwide business overall for the corporation is government and academic. And so, to your point, it is a smaller mix. Within the U.S., the pure academic sector may be around 10% and it ebbs and it flows a little bit and government adds to that. So, you can see how a decline in these segments affects the overall result. And so, like I said we're taking a balanced view on one hand. We're not happy with the decline, and we want to do better and we believe we will do better. But on the other hand, keep it in perspective, and keep our number one focus on the core business and the sectors like pharma, like food and others that are giving us a lot of growth right now. So, affecting the overall geography, it wasn't just as simple as pharma and then academic, there is a lot of other sectors within industrial too that as we pointed out have had more moderate growth, particularly in the industrial side that the chemical, materials, polymer environmental type end markets.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And would you just mind quantifying your exposure on the revenue and cost line to the yen, now that things have moved around so much?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: Yes. Tim, I just wanted to mention just as a follow up to Chris' comments on the U.S. that in this particular quarter, we were comparing against a mid-teens growth in the prior year quarter. So, please bear that in mind as you think about the particular growth rates in the U.S. in the third quarter. And thinking about the yen, as we mentioned we had a slight decline in Japan on constant currency, but we had a double-digit growth rate at actual because of the appreciation of the yen, and Japan has been and continues to be a high single-digit percent of the corporation's business.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Good. I think we're coming closer to the top of the hour, but we have time for one or two more questions. So, maybe a couple more.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: Does that answer your question, Tim?
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes. Thank you.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our question comes from Matt Mishan from KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hello, good morning and thank you for squeezing me in. On the recurring revenues, at least sequentially versus the first half, there was a modest deceleration of the sales growth. I was hoping you could tease out academic and government instrument versus recurring revenue. Did that also have an impact on the recurring revenues for the company as a whole, or is that too small?
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: It's probably too small. It's good question, but probably a little bit too small. And once we start breaking our own numbers down in that level of granularity, there is too many exogenous factors to draw good conclusions but, yeah, I mean we did see a slightly moderating pattern there. But keep in mind earlier in the year, in a number of categories that continue to do well, we constantly, out of conservatism, expect some degree of moderation, and that was, as Gene said for the fourth quarter, even our best growth driver. So, these particular product lines or service lines, if you will, in the recurring revenues are a really core part of our story, and our competitive strength and the robustness of our ongoing business model. So, I think we're pleased overall with where that's at.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then just a follow-up on the gross margin side. Is there a lag on the pound impact to COGS not just as far as the actual pound coming down through the quarter, but actually on when it impacts you? And then, in other words, like in an FX neutral or FX positive environment, how should we be thinking about the appropriate contribution margin on increasing sales for the business?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: Let me start on that. I think that if the pound stays where it is today, Matt, we will get more of a full impact in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the pound devalued within the third quarter. And to your point, some of the positive effects of the pound on cost of goods sold are going to be dependent on just the product mix, and whether or not we sell the higher volumes of high resolution mass spectrometry systems, which are manufactured at our UK operation. And I have to say that as a higher ticket item, those tend to be lumped a little bit more towards the closing months of a year. Chris had already mentioned about some orders migrating from the third quarter into the fourth quarter on the academic spend, and that was mostly represented by – in our higher-end mass spectrometry space. Looking at next year, some things to consider is that we have had historically between 10% and 15% of cost of goods sold is pound-denominated. And probably more significantly, about a third of our R&D expense is denominated in sterling. So, those are some of the opportunities that we have maybe as we begin to look out into upcoming quarters to get a little bit more favorable impact on our P&L.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: Good. I think we have time for one more please.
Matthew Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you, Gene.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Barr Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Guys, thanks for squeezing me in here at the end. Just two things for you. First following up, Gene, with you regarding your talking on the pound, is there any way that you can quantify what you're seeing now in terms of maybe an EPS impact from the weaker pound in your full year guidance versus what you were expecting three months or four months ago? And then secondly, just wondering if you could comment at all a little bit more color on geographic trend, particularly within China and the UK, just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on how strong China has been here recently and then also what you've seen in terms of end market demand in the UK since the Brexit. Thanks, guys.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Waters Corp.: Well, why don't I start out on the FX side and then I'll leave it to Chris to finish up on the second part of your question. Yes, we are enjoying a little bit more favorability in FX during the fourth quarter of this year than we had originally anticipated and to quantify it. It's about $0.05 more benefit across that period, more than we had originally anticipated. So, you're looking at $0.02 or $0.03 a quarter associated with total currency benefits in the third and fourth quarter.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: So, Steve, just quickly on your geographic questions to finish up and those are good questions to finish up, maybe I'll start with the UK and finish with China. We've seen very steady market conditions in the UK. Our UK business is roughly 4% or 5% of our global turnover, so it's one of our bigger countries, but it's also one that's quite balanced. There's a strong pharmaceutical sector there, of course, and also a strong government and academic sector in the UK as well and so that market is an important market for us. We've seen steady performance and in the near-term don't see any impacts of Brexit, but we're very – we're paying very close attention to Brexit. In fact, I've dialed up my participation in the UK and been there a number of times, including to key thought leaders in government and in other sectors, to really advocate for the types of policies that will continue to promote the life science industry in the UK. The ecosystem of the life science industry in the UK is very critical to us, to Europe and to the world and I'm actually despite all the uncertainty confident that everybody understands that and will keep the interest of that industry in mind as the negotiation gets underway. So, again much of that is out of our control, but to the extent we have a voice in what some of those policies are, we're going to be active in that process. From the standpoint of China, again we don't want to get too specific other than to say we're operating at a high level in China right now. I thinks that's a function of two or three things. First of all it's just a strong overall economic backdrop relative to the priorities of government. We're between year one and year two of the 13th Five-Year Plan, and we studied that very deeply and very well aware as to what the government is trying to do particularly around advancing and incubating the local pharmaceutical sector and rising quality standards there and rising data standards there, as well as in the food industry and the area of traditional Chinese medicine, those are three of our big priorities. We're seeing a lot of balance across those right now. We're seeing the rapid adoption of some of our newer technologies like the ACUITY Arc that really allow many of these sectors to get up to speed quickly, but also advance to more innovative, up-to-date methods. And so it's a pretty robust market, but I think one of the reasons we're having success there is that we've got a very strong team. We've been in China for a long time, we're coming up on nearly 500 employees in China, we have a huge commitment there. We're very active with a number of the key opinion leaders and academic centers there. I'm actually heading back over to China in a few weeks to dig even deeper because we think that what's happening there is very positive for our industry, for our business and it's at the very top of our list. So, anyway, thanks for that question and let me also now just move to conclude the call.
Christopher James O'Connell - Waters Corp.: As we move into the fourth quarter of 2016 and begin to focus on 2017, we're very encouraged by our year-to-date performance. The strength of our key growth drivers has enabled us to deliver double-digit earnings per share growth through the first three quarters of the year. So, on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q4 2016 call, which we currently anticipate holding on January 24, 2017. And with that I thank you and wish you a wonderful day. Bye.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: John Lynch - Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Stephen C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Sung Ji Nam - Avondale Partners LLC Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter 2016 financial results conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Lynch, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Lynch - Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the third quarter and full year 2016. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled, Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials, included in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the second quarter of fiscal year 2015. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis. Lastly, as you recall in January of this year, we announced a new integrated structure for what was traditionally referred to as the Waters Division and TA Instruments Division. So, on this call and into the future, we will continue to refer to Waters products and markets and TA Instruments products and markets. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Waters' Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Also here for our commentary and Q&A session is Gene Cassis, Chief Financial Officer. As with past earnings calls I will provide an overview of our second quarter results as well as some broader commentary. I'm pleased to report that our second quarter results exceeded our expectations with revenue growth of 8% against a strong base of comparison, and earnings per share growth of 15% at constant currency or 20% growth as reported. Revenue performance was broad-based across end markets, product lines and geographies, with our key business drivers continuing to provide reliable growth. Our strong earnings performance resulted from a combination of a robust top line, positive mix dynamics, and disciplined expense management while continuing to invest in R&D and our growth initiatives. Taking a closer look at our major end markets, our broadly defined pharmaceutical market for Waters products once again led the way with 12% growth in the quarter. We saw solid growth in our core small molecule QA/QC workflows, as well as in large molecule R&D oriented applications. Year-to-date, the pharmaceutical market has grown 11% for us, on top of a double-digit growth rate in the first half of 2015. Though our growth in the pharmaceutical market continues to be primarily driven by smaller and specialty firms, our largest global customers also increased their business with us in the quarter at a mid-single-digit rate. Our global industrial sector, which includes sales to the material characterization, food, environmental and fine chemical end markets, grew 7% in the quarter, and represented a sequential improvement compared to the first quarter. Highlights in the industrial sector included double-digit growth in our TA product category, as well as solid growth in Waters products sold to food markets. Looking at governmental and academic markets, we saw a 4% decline in the second quarter, which was primarily affected by significant weakness in Japan. Turning to product line dynamics in the quarter, Waters instrument sales grew 7%, with positive demand for core LC and bench-top LC/MS platforms. We are seeing significant traction for our recently introduced ACQUITY Arc System and continued strength in our other core LC offerings. These are workhorse systems that are heavily used in regulated pharmaceutical testing methods and are typically deployed in laboratories that have standardized on our industry leading Empower CDS software. We continue to champion the use of mass spectrometry detection for LC workflows and as part of this we see broader and deeper adoption of our ACQUITY QDa mass detector. On the research mass spec side, interest for our newest bench-top systems, including the Xevo QTof G2-XS for biologic workflows and our newly launched Xevo TQ-XS for demanding quantification applications, is increasing as we move into the second half of the year. Waters' total recurring revenue, the combination of service and consumables, grew at 10% in Q2. Our service and support business grew at a 9% rate, with balanced performance geographically associated with increased demand for service plans. Consumables sales were up 11%, with continued strong underlying demand for ACQUITY UPLC columns, protein separation columns and Oasis PRiME sample preparation cartridges. Our GlycoWorks RapiFluor-MS labeling kits continue to revolutionize the characterization of glycans for biopharma development and quality testing applications. The speed and simplicity of this new analytical workflow and proprietary chemistry kit is helping to bring new protein-based therapies to market more quickly and at the same time presents Waters with future business opportunities for bio QC system sales. Overall, I'm very pleased with the strength and the stability of our recurring revenue lines as an indication of the depth of Waters's support among high-utilization customers, as well as the financial benefits of these attractive components of our business profile. Turning to our TA Instruments products, this business was yet another highlight of the quarter, with 10% growth performance. As you may recall, TA launched a new thermal product line called the Discovery Series in the first quarter. While the timing of this launch may have had the effect of delaying new system orders in the first quarter, shipments of the new Discovery DSC benefited TA's growth in the second quarter. The new Discovery TGA system, which is often ordered along with the DSC, will begin to ship this quarter. These new products are being well-received by the market. Finally, looking at the quarter geographically, we generally saw healthy trends around the globe. North American sales grew at a solid mid-single-digit rate, European sales grew at a low double-digit rate and Asian sales grew a high single-digit rate. Growth in the United States was highlighted by continued strong pharmaceutical demand, partially offset by lower governmental and academic spending. The second half of 2016 should benefit from a combination of new product launches, including our Xevo TQ-XS, our Vion IMS QTof and a new line of CORTECS Columns, as well as expected higher spending by governmental agencies in the coming months. In Europe, we also saw strong pharmaceutical trends, while overall growth was augmented by better demand for service and mass spectrometry technology. In Western Europe, our business momentum continued smoothly despite the news surrounding the Brexit vote. At this point, it's premature to assess the longer-term effects of the UK's exit from the EU, and therefore our focus continues to be on our customer base and our business operations in the region. Asia continues to be an area of geographical strength for Waters, highlighted by strong double-digit growth rates in China. And this is off an impressive prior year's performance. Our business in China benefited from strong pharmaceutical sector sales, good balance across end markets and strengthening recurring revenue sales. Our Waters business in Japan grew modestly in the quarter, with strong pharmaceutical sales offsetting a meaningful decline in governmentally funded research spending due to a recent shift of public money towards earthquake disaster relief. In total, our first half of 2016 was strong, with revenues and profits trending ahead of our initial expectations. Business trends in the broadly defined biopharmaceutical customer base, our core business, suggest a continuation of stability from this end market in the second half of the year. We have also effectively managed our spending year to date and created operating leverage that can be better seen with neutral currency dynamics, all while continuing to invest appropriately in new innovations and customer support to fuel our growth. At the same time, we are investing time as a management team to think about the future and how we build on our success in our core business, as well as create new vectors of growth. As I've commented on before, we've embarked on a strategy development process that's providing a framework for ongoing business analysis and long-range planning. In this process, we are aiming to clearly articulate the unique strengths of Waters that have enabled us to generate superior long-term returns to build on these strengths and to ensure that we apply our differentiated skills to compelling new growth opportunities. I look forward to updating you on more specifics in 2017. Before I turn the call over to Gene for more financial detail, I would simply like to comment how pleased I am with how the Waters team has performed since I began last September. Our leadership team as well as all of our employees throughout the world are focused and are executing. Personally, I continue to emphasize customer and employee engagement as I gain ever-increasing comfort with our unique business model and growth opportunities. The relationships I've established with key customers, my Waters colleagues and our board of directors have been very supportive and energizing. I am excited about our days ahead. Now I'd like to pass the call over to Gene for a deeper review of the financials. Gene?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, thank you, Chris, and good morning. In the second quarter our revenues came in at $537 million, an increase of about 8.5%. The impact of currency translation in the quarter was neutral. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the second quarter were up 20% to $1.58 in comparison to earnings of $1.32 last year. On a GAAP basis our earnings were $1.57 as compared to $1.27 for the second quarter of last year. The impact of foreign exchange increased second quarter earnings by about $0.06 and without this positive effect our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share would have grown by about 15%. On the product front, Waters sales were up 8% while TA sales were up 10%. Breaking that down somewhat, LC and MS Instrument platform sales increased by 7% and TA's Instrumentation sales grew by 11% in the second quarter. Our total recurring revenues associated with both Waters and TA products grew by 10% with TA service revenue up 9%. Looking at our growth rates in the second quarter geographically and before currency translation, U.S. sales were up 5%, Europe was up 12%, Japan up 3% and sales in Asia outside of Japan were also up 10%. Sales of Waters products were particularly strong in China and in Europe. TA product sales showed broad-based strength in the U.S., Japan and in Europe. Now I'd like to comment on our second quarter's non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins for the quarter came in at 58.9% versus 57.8% in the second quarter of last year. Year-to-date gross margin percentage is about equal to that of the first half of 2015. Moving down the P&L, SG&A expenses were up 7% on a constant currency basis and 6% on a non-GAAP reported basis. R&D expenses, including those associated with new product development and incremental investments, grew about 10% in the quarter on a constant currency basis and were up about 7% on a reported basis, this primarily due to a weaker British pound. On the tax front, our effective non-GAAP operating tax rate for the quarter was about 14%. In the quarter net interest expense was $6 million and our average share count came in at 81.5 million shares or approximately 1.9 million shares lower than in the second quarter of last year, this being a net result of our ongoing share repurchase program. Turning now to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $2.6 billion and debt was about $1.8 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of $843 million. As for second quarter share repurchases, we bought 565,000 shares of our common stock for $77 million. This leaves $275 million on our authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. In the second quarter of 2016, free cash flow came in at $136 million after funding $25 million of capital, and excluded from this amount is approximately $3 million of investments associated with facilities expansion. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 76 days in the quarter, inventory levels about flat in comparison to the prior quarter, reflecting typical seasonal patterns. Now I'd like to discuss our full-year 2016 guidance. Our outlook generally assumes the continued growth in biopharmaceutical end-markets, strong recurring revenue growth and relatively balanced performance across our instrumentation lines. We feel these dynamics support a 6% to 7% constant currency sales increase for the full year 2016. Currency translation at today's rates is expected to be about neutral to sales, again looking at the full-year. Moving down the P&L, gross margins for the year are expected to be about equal to those in 2015 and come in at around 59%. We expect to manage our operating cash expenses to grow at a rate that's less than our sales growth. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $27 million. We expect our full-year operating tax rate to come in at around 14%. Looking at share buybacks, we plan to continue our share repurchase program through 2016 and at a rate that we expect will result in an average diluted share count of around 81 million shares outstanding. Now rolling all this together, and again on a non-GAAP basis, full-year 2016 earnings per fully diluted share are now anticipated to be within a range of $6.45 to $6.60. Looking at the third quarter of 2016, we are estimating that sales will grow at a constant currency rate of around 6%. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to add about a half of a percentage point to sales growth in the third quarter. Rolling all these factors together, we anticipate our adjusted third quarter's earnings per diluted share to be in a range of $1.52 to $1.62. And with that, I'll turn it back to Chris.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Great. Thank you, Gene. And with that, we'll now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get to everyone's questions, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions please contact our investor relations team after the call. And after the Q&A, I will add a few closing comments. Liz, first question please.
Operator: Thank you. Speakers, our first question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Sir, your line is open.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Sorry about that. I had the mute on. Hey, congratulations on the quarter, very strong. Hey, just could you talk a little bit more about what you were seeing in the Japanese markets and some of the delays, I mean did that happen relatively late in the quarter, just curious on the dynamics in terms of some of the funding shifts?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure, Derik, maybe I'll just provide a little introduction and then Gene can comment more. It's really a tale of two cities in Japan right now, the core pharma business as we commented has been pretty steady and it was pretty strong, but as we alluded to, there have been some domestic priorities within the Japanese government. And what we hope to believe is a temporary shift of government funding dollars, and therefore we saw a pretty significant fall off in our government business, which really had the effect of offsetting what was about flat growth around the rest of the world in that sector, but obviously brought Japan down to kind of the low single digits as we said. Gene, any more on that?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, the only thing that I would add to what Chris mentioned is that our TA Instruments group had a strong showing in Japan in the quarter, indicating that there is a hunger for new products there as well as funds to invest for new technology, and this is on the industrial side.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And sticking with Japan for just a follow-up, could you remind us on your overall sales exposure there? And just sort of how the strengthening of the yen sort of will impact you?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Well, the business in Japan has been around 8% of our overall revenues. And as you look at currency translation rates between last year and this year, we've seen 10% plus appreciation in the yen. And frankly, we have a very efficient operation there. So, we – our yen-based expenses are well under control. And so, when you see this kind of fluctuation in the value of the yen moving in the positive direction, there's a significantly positive flow through to our operating income line.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: All right. Thank you, Derik.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Evans from Wells Fargo Securities. Sir, your line is open.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Would you mind talking a little bit about what the government-academic market looked like in the U.S. more specifically, maybe just drill down on that a little bit?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure. Government and academic market in the U.S. was a little bit weak, I would – not nearly as weak as the Japanese market, I'd call it a slight decline and that was actually a little bit stronger than in the first quarter. As we commented, Tim, last quarter in our conference call we've really been looking to the second half of the year for the government and academic markets to be more robust and at this point in time, we hold with that assumption.
Tim C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks a bunch. Chris, just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the differences you saw in the growth rates within pharma between R&D labs versus QA, just trying to get a sense of what's driving the most upside in that customer group?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure. Happy to address that, Isaac. The growth in pharma was pretty broad based and broad based in a few dimensions. First of all, when I look at it, I'm looking at small molecule, large molecule, bioanalysis. Those type of product segments if you will, we saw pretty reasonable growth. We saw a good balance geographically. We mentioned China, Japan, but obviously the U.S. and particularly Europe, which happens to be a pharma heavy market, was solid. Our workhorse products are as you know, utilized mostly in late stage development and in routine testing applications and methods in the QC phase and that's really seen by the strength of the recurring revenues, particularly the consumables obviously and also the service piece, and so from the standpoint of QA versus R&D I would say, we remained consistently solid in the QA area and that's been a strong line for some time and it feels to me like we're probably doing better in R&D. And a lot of that has to do with broad trends in the marketplace that we see in terms of the increasing diversity of the types of molecules that are in the pipeline, more utilization of mass spec detection in some of those development efforts, which, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, we hope flow through to bio QC type of workflows. So we're really trying to get as granular as we possibly can to understand all the different segments of the pharma market and make sure that we're positioned well in all of them.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. And maybe just a longer-term question. You've been at the helm here coming up on a year pretty soon, and I think in the last couple of months you've started to talk a little bit more about ways to leverage the Waters portfolio into the rise in biologics and the whole concept that you could maybe help play a role in the QA process for that category of drugs. And curious if you have an updated view on how to do that. It's obviously a little bit of a straightforward situation with HPLC in small molecule, but I'm wondering if you have an updated view on how to monetize your technology in the large molecule arena? Thank you.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. It's a good question, Isaac, and it's really a pretty core question as we look at our long-range planning, and maybe I'll stop short of saying too much because our – we're really right in the middle of lot of that work. But we are indeed, in our long-range planning, trying to break down some of these segments and ask the question what does it take to compete and what does it take to win in terms of the adoption of our technology in small molecule versus large molecule. And clearly, as you allude to, the biologics world is innovating at a pretty feverish pace, and some of our technologies, particularly some of our new integrated LC/MS workflows, appear to have some good traction and provide a nice opportunity to build a nice franchise in that area. And so obviously that's right in the heart of our core business, and it's going to be a strategic priority.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMC. Sir, your line is open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Chris, I'm wondering if you can elaborate on your comment that demand on the pharma side from large customers picked up this quarter? Obviously, you've done really well with smaller and specialty firms, but you did seem to go out of your way to emphasize growth in the large side.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. No. Tycho, I guess what I was saying there is, as you know in previous quarters, at least the three prior quarters that I reported here, we saw probably a more stark difference between the smaller and specialty firms versus the traditional large customers, and I think we've always thought that's actually a strength, because it's a broadening portfolio of customers. We're not really reliant on the traditional large multinational type of big account customers as we may have been five or 10 years ago, and that's been a strength. That said, other sectors have been stronger than the top customers. But we have seen in recent months and in the quarter, the bigger customers really come back a little bit and get more into that mid-single-digit growth range that I saw. So we were actually very pleased to see that, and I think that reflects trends that I see as I go out into the market and talk with customers, and as you know I'm out and about a lot, and particularly as you get into some of the larger traditional pharma companies, what I see is greater diversities within their own portfolios, chemical entities as well as biologic entities. And so I think that's what's driving it.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, on the industrial side, you had a nice pickup there, how much of that was a function of just new product cadence as you highlighted from TA versus end market demand there picking up a bit?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah, it's a good question. I mean, TA has been pretty solid and really had a good quarter, and I think that's very much a reflection of I'd say two things. First of all is the new products, the DSC and then, beginning to the market to TGA, even though that hasn't launched yet. We also had an easier comparison in Q2 versus Q1 in TA Instruments, but TA has been a very solid franchise for us, and while it can be a little bit lumpy from time to time as a reflection of those types of end markets, over time, TA has provided very consistent growth and profitability and returns for the company. And I'm very excited about TA. I've spent quite a bit of time on the TA franchise in – was just again there a few weeks ago, or earlier last week. And this Discovery series thermal instrumentation platform is going to unfold over the next year and I think should provide us with some good growth opportunities. So, while TA was the headline, there were also some other sectors within our industrial end markets that were solid. I mentioned the food and environmental business, which is a very global business. In fact, more than half of that business is outside the United States. And some of the trends that we see in China and in other world markets on food continue to underscore the attractiveness of that end market for us.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Groberg from UBS. Sir, your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a million and congratulations on a solid quarter. So, Chris, can you – maybe the – one number that maybe surprised me a little bit was the Europe being so much stronger relative to some of the other geographies, up 12%. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about what you – I know Europe isn't one geography, but maybe talk about what you're seeing in Europe? And then any early insights given your presence in the UK and just kind of what people are thinking about and kind of what's embedded in your expectations for the second half of Europe given the decision over there?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure, sure, happy to comment a little on those things. Yeah, Europe was a really good quarter. As you know, Europe is pharma heavy, and we really saw a lot of strength in the recurring revenues there as well as solid instrument business, and so I think what we're seeing in Europe is just a reflection of what we're seeing more broadly on the pharma side. As we look at the back half of the year, I tend to take at a look at the entire first half and not one quarter in particular, and while we're, I would say, optimistic generally on the pharma market, the – we're more cautious on the industrial and academic markets in Europe in general. So, I'd say, we have a balanced outlook for the back half of the year in Europe that we're really keying off of the overall first half experience. As it relates to the UK, we're in a unique situation in England as well as in Europe broadly, with a big part of our mass spec footprint in the region, and by the way, don't forget that we also have significant operations in Ireland. So, we really have quite an opportunity to balance a number of considerations over time depending on how the exit plays out, depending on how currencies play out, depending on what trade barriers or trade agreements get struck, what type of tariffs ensue. Obviously, it's way too early to make any calls. We don't expect the government to invoke Article 50 for some time, probably into early to mid-2017. There is a lot of posturing right now. The new government is just forming in England or in the UK and not really showing its hand. We've done some work with some smart people who are beginning to conceptualize a couple of different possible scenarios. But really it's a stay calm and carry on message in our organization. We've really pushed our team to just remain focused on what we do well and what we can control. As you know, it's a good end market for us in the UK, less than 5%, but a good end market, that's pretty well balanced between pharma and academic at the top of the list. But we also have a meaningful amount of R&D in the UK and in Ireland, as well as product costs. So in the near-term, we're benefiting from some of the weaker currency. But again, it's a dynamic situation and I'm confident that no matter how it shakes out, we'll have avenues to continue to be successful in that region not just from a commercial standpoint, but also from an operational standpoint.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks a lot for the color. And then maybe, Gene, just as a follow up, do you mind for the year, so for the growth rate of kind of 6% to 7% for the year, do you mind kind of – do you mind sharing geographically how you are thinking that's going to shake out now?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Certainly on a qualitative level I'm happy to. I think that the strength that we've seen in the pharmaceutical end market looks like it has some sustainability. So thinking about the average growth rate for the company, I think it's realistic to think that the pharmaceutical sector will be at or slightly higher than that. We're a little bit more cautious on the government and academic. We're expecting that we'll see some improvements during the second half, but that still has to materialize. And, I would say that we're also a little bit more cautious on the industrial side. So, looking at it from an end market point of view by application, I think we're most bullish on the continued strength of pharma, and a little bit more conservative on the public spending, and on the industrial side. Although, I think, for TA Instruments that will be a strong half given their new product flow. Another way to look at our business is also looking at the instrumentation and the recurring revenue. We've had a very strong first half of 2016 on the recurring side, that segment of our business has historically been amenable to trending. So, envisioning that the recurring business will be at or slightly higher than the average growth rate I think is realistic. So, that's some color that I think might be helpful to you, Jon.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Very welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Sir, your line is open.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys. Just going back on pharma CapEx or CapEx in general. I mean how would you kind of characterize this cycle versus prior and sort of where we are in that cycle?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Ross, I'm going to defer to Gene on this to compare it to future cycles, but I want to just continue to emphasize that this market is not static and is dynamic and is developing and I think is quite different just feels to me, I – from all the data I see quite different from the past. And, I think, an interesting hypothesis and question is, is there less cyclicality, if you will in the market now, because of the increased diversity both geographically of the customer base, the type of firms, as well as the type of molecules that are comprising the world's pharma pipeline. And so, that's what we're obviously continuing to dig deep on, but maybe Gene can draw a broader historical perspective on this.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: No, I – and Ross, you have lived through these cycles also, as you've covered the space. And as Chris mentioned, as we become less reliant on our top customers for a high percentage of our pharmaceutical sales, I think, there is a good argument to say that the cyclicality might not have quite as much of highs and lows to it. If I look at our recent performance, we've considerably expanded our pharmaceutical footprint in Asia with both China and India performing strongly and then within the U.S. and Europe, the shift to more generic manufacturers and more specialty pharma, also take away some of those big cyclical swings that we've seen with prior replacement cycles or with a big activity on the M&A front. So, I think, I'm just echoing pretty much what Chris mentioned, but hopefully that's helpful.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Well, I appreciate it. And just quickly, Gene, on the guidance from the original forecast, can you sort of breakout operational versus FX outperformance or differential?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, yes, I mean if I take a look at where we are year-to-date, so for the first half, we are still seeing a little bit of a drag from FX. If you recall on the first quarter call, we had about an $0.08 headwind that we dealt with from FX, and in the second quarter, we made up $0.06, so net, we're still $0.02 headwind for the half. Now, I think that we could easily see that go to neutral or slightly positive as we move into the second half. I think one of the factors to consider is to look at currencies that are outside the majors. Obviously, we're benefiting from the stronger yen, but there are some secondary currencies that might provide us a little bit of headwind to do some offsetting and it's on that basis that we're thinking that for the full year, FX will be neutral to the top line and close to neutral, maybe a little bit positive on the EPS line. So frankly, this is the first year in many where you're able to see the true ability of the company to grow its top line and to get operational leverage without having to cut through all the noise that FX has historically provided us.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks, Gene.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is open.
Stephen C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone and thanks for the time here. Just one clarification and then one bigger picture question for Chris. First, Gene, I wonder if you could give us a sense for where the strength in TA is manifesting geographically just as we try to get back to an apples-to-apples view on geographic trends. And then for Chris, within your thinking and the discussions around the strategic plan and what you want to present sounds like in 2017, can you give us any updated thoughts on what the binding constraints are, as you think about capital deployment? Are you confining these discussions and thoughts to smaller tuck-in deals? Are you confining them to accretive deals? Are you constraining any potential impact on margins? Any evolving thinking there would be very helpful. Thank you.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Well, first to say a little bit about the TA strength that we're seeing, I think it's very encouraging to see that we're seeing the most strength in our largest markets, including Europe, Japan and the United States. One of the things to consider as you begin to look at the TA business is the effect that we have not only from this new Discovery launch, but from all of the additional technologies, that TA has been adding in recent years. In the quarter, we just got a little bit of tailwind from M&A. Right now, our guidance assumes that most of the growth that we have from TA will be organic, as we look at the second half of the year. So, clearly, the markets that are most receptive to new technologies and material characterization, the more developed markets, Europe, Japan, the U.S. are the ones that are showing the greatest promise, as they quickly adopt the new Discovery series. Was that – does that answer your question, Steve?
Stephen C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: On TA, yes, it does. Thanks, Gene.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. Stephen, just on the strategy process, maybe a couple of additional comments, and certainly, it's been a very energizing process for the team to build on where we are today, to start think about a framework for the future, and one thing I remind everybody internally is as well as I'll remind you externally is that, it's a process, it's an ongoing process of continuing to refine our focus on what makes us unique and different, and how we win in the markets that we choose to play in with the emphasis on choice. And, obviously the first question in any strategic plan needs to be a really granular characterization of what your core business is, and a plan to make sure we're maximizing our performance and our effectiveness in our core business. And then, obviously to look at things that we can uniquely offer to our other growth markets and gain scale in those markets. As it relates to the question of capital deployment and any as you said, binding constraints, I think it's probably premature to comment on that. The priority is growth, of course, growth in revenue and growth in profits. And, we're going to look at the overall growth equation and frankly try to balance some long-term financial objectives to balance growth profitability, the right investments. And, of course, return on invested capital. Return on invested capital is a big priority for me. As it relates to the role of M&A, I've been pretty clear before and I remain of the same mind that M&A is a tactic that we would employ only as a way to execute our business strategy. Our aim is to be primarily an organic innovator, and to not only retain but enhance our position as the industry's most vital organic innovator. We think that's the highest return on invested capital over time. And, over time, the company has, I think made smart acquisitions, but it's been not a regular part of the business formula. And so, I don't see deviating all that much, although I think as we look forward, we want to make sure we're taking advantage of all means to achieve the goals that I outlined. So, I think it's going to be a balanced and a pragmatic, and a disciplined and a responsible approach to capital allocation that is really all aimed at making us successful in our core business and very carefully building scale and other big opportunities that can grow over time.
Stephen C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sung Ji Nam from Avondale Partners. Sir, your line is open.
Sung Ji Nam - Avondale Partners LLC: Thanks for taking the question. So, Chris, maybe if you look at your instrument business, historically I think for the developed markets, a lot of the growth was driven the replacement cycle of your install base. I was curious as to if you might be able to assess where that might be, or do you think there is a significant driver coming from further market expansion?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure, it's a fair question, Sung Ji, and we do have a healthy replacement cycle. Obviously in our core routine methods, there is a natural replacement cycle. I wouldn't say there is anything out of ordinary right now in terms of where we're at. At the same time, we do look to expand our technology into new work flows earlier in the development process, and geographically as more companies get in the game, particularly in some of the emerging markets. So I think we're trying to achieve as balanced as possible an overall portfolio of where our instrument platforms are used and, as we said in the call, also try to be very innovative, and in and the example I used in the call, continuing to emphasize the use of mass detection as a supplement to traditional optical and UV detection in chromatography workflows. We think that has a lot of value to our customers, particularly in some of the more complex larger molecule and bio type of applications, and we look forward to that playing through into more and more routine methods all the way through QC over time. And so that tends to be our focus, and obviously balance our instrument business with a very sharp focus on our chemistry consumables and our service offering.
Sung Ji Nam - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. And then on the operating leverage side, one of the questions I get a lot is whether there's further headroom for you guys in terms of improving on that. And so, it seems like there are some initiatives underway and was curious as to what the additional levers are and what you guys are actually working on? Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure. No, that's a fair question. And I think, as Gene stated, now that we're in somewhat more of a neutral currency environment and you're seeing our top line work, you are seeing our desired model for operating leverage, which is first and foremost driven by volume and growth, but also consistent discipline around many levers if you will, up and down the P&L. In a broad sense, I would say, my goals are to continue to be a premier top line grower on this regard, maintain our price discipline, continue to look for mix opportunities, absorbing our cost with volume and also getting leverage out of our G&A, and ability to scale our sales and marketing efforts, while at the same time making sure we're investing enough and healthily in innovation. We've gradually ticked up our investment in R&D. And I would like to continue to do that as long as I'm convinced that we're getting high productivity out of R&D and spending a lot of time on portfolio management right now in that regard. And I am confident that we're getting good productivity out of our R&D. And so that's an area of investment that we feel we can pay for with a number of other levers over time. And to ideally achieve that optimal mix between growth and modest leverage while continuing to invest to grow. So that's the framework, that's the ideas and we'll put more specifics on that as we move forward.
Sung Ji Nam - Avondale Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier from Cantor Fitzgerald. Sir, your line is open.
Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. Good morning. What percentage of your costs are in British pounds? And are there geographies where you generally have a stronger mass spec business that may be more positively impacted by the pound?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. I mean, just maybe I'll start off and Gene can develop it. Right now, we have somewhere between a quarter and a third of our R&D expenses out of our UK facility, and about 15% of our COGS. And so, those are expenses that are obviously well ahead of our revenue concentration in those markets. And so obviously, while the UK is a good commercial market for us, it's really an even more important operational center.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: I think you said it well, Chris. I would just say that, as you begin to think about currency moves, our ability to sell high-end mass spectrometry into Japan at this time would be a positive for us because we'd be leveraging the strength of the yen and the weakness of the pound.
Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And besides the weakness in Japan and the slight decline in the U.S., is the academic market weak across the board? And besides improvement in the U.S. in the back half of the year, what other geographical trends are you anticipating? In the academic market specifically.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, there are some developing markets that tend to be lumpy, that showed some positive growth in the quarter. Bryan, I would just remind you that much of our academic business is centered on research mass spectrometry workflows. So the business tends to be a little bit lumpy, and it tends to be somewhat dependent on our new product launches. So we're very encouraged by what our pipeline looks like from some recently introduced research mass spectrometry programs. And hopefully when we're talking to you about the third and fourth quarters of this year, we can talk about some nice pickup of these research platforms in the public sector.
Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amanda Murphy from William Blair. Ma'am, your line is open.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. I just actually had one on the consumables side. So the launch of the CORTECS Columns, it seems like that's been quite successful for you. I was curious as you look at the growth in consumables this quarter or generally over the year so far, how much of it's driven by some of these newer proprietary products that you've launched and general mix shift towards the higher attach rate instruments versus just kind of per instrument increases? I was curious about that. And then, also, kind of I think you talked a little bit about this, but going forward, what's the opportunity for you on the consumable side in terms of proprietary products?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure. Maybe just I'll start and Gene can add to it. I would say that the current performance is a lot more driven by the second thing you said, Amanda, in terms of kind of a gradual mix shift in our install base towards higher utilization platforms. As you know, our ACQUITY platform, our UPLC platform has a higher attach rate than our legacy HPLC systems; and so, as UPLC continues to gradually grow in its presence in the marketplace, that provides us with a nice opportunity on the consumable side. I think new products like the CORTECS are still quite early in their phase of adoption, and so there is not necessarily a big tailwind that we're getting from that in the immediate time. But obviously that type of innovation with solid-core technology and the efficiency gains in – across a number of different workflows is a really attractive offering to the market. And we expect to add to our competitive advantage. Obviously, we have a large portfolio of consumables in chromatography and as you allude to, an increasing presence and interest in kits, like the glycan kits I referred to earlier, like ProteinWorks and some other specialty applications, where we think we can do even more. So, we really like this part of the business, we think we're competitively differentiated on the chemistry side with a significant chemistry expertise at our core. And we're only continuing to increase the emphasis of those development efforts.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: The thing that I would add to that is, I think, Chris did an excellent job in describing some of the product trends that we're seeing on the consumable side. But as you begin to look at the consumable growth and also look at the service growth, those two statistics are compatible with higher utilization rates of our instrumentation and also the increased number of – the increased installed base in some of our larger Asian markets where we have over a number of quarters exhibited strong double digit growth rates and these growth rates represent significant increases in the installed base, which in turn drive not only the consumables business as Chris noted, but also the service business.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias from Citigroup. Sir, your line is open.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. Maybe just one for me on forecasting and how the inter-quarter dynamics are playing out for you guys these days. Gene, are you finding that as the business has evolved that there has been any change to the pacing of the orders such that the back-end loading in the last couple of weeks is not as heavy as it used to be or is it kind of the way that it's always been in that respect?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: That's a good question, Dan, and you know in recent quarters, we've noted that with the recurring revenue growth being so strong and with the linear type of ordering in sales patterns that you see for the recurring revenue. One of the effects there has been to take that hockey stick dynamic that we see with capital purchases that is at the end of a quarter and maybe make it less of a sharp curve. I think that the quarters where we tend to see more of the quarter end pick up are in the first quarter when people are waiting for budgets to be released and then in the fourth quarter when people are making sure that they use their calendar budget before the New Year starts. I can tell you that last year that fourth quarter hockey stick was just a little bit more tempered than it has been in prior years and another dynamic is just the increasing component of our business in Asia, where just historically, this sort of ordering and selling pattern was not as pronounced as it had been in Western Europe and North America.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thanks, Dan. I think we have time for one more question, Liz.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Sir, your line is open.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I just have a follow up and then one quick question for Chris. First off for the follow-up for Gene, Gene to some of your other comments regarding the movement of the yen and your exposure to the pound, I'm surprised that you're not expecting an even larger positive impact from the changes in FX, given your manufacturing R&D exposure in the pound that has moved in the past four weeks or so. So I'm just wondering if you could – given that you benefited from FX by $0.06 here in the quarter, the pound really didn't move until the end of your second quarter, I would have thought that the FX impact would be even larger in the second half of the year. Then I have just one quick follow up for Chris.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well, there – we did have a $0.06 benefit in the quarter for FX but we did assume that we would have a little bit of benefit. So that was the total. So, the guidance did make the assumption that we would not have the same currency dynamics as we had in the first quarter. So, as I begin to look at the second half of the year, and look at the total effects of currencies, not only the majors but also some of the secondary currencies, I think that envisioning that we can get someplace $0.05 to $0.07 during the second half of the year on FX. If everything stays relatively constant, in terms of the geographic and product distribution of our business, I think that's probably a ballpark estimate that's reasonable and assumed in the guidance that we provided.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. And then, for Chris or Gene, I think you sort of alluded to this, Chris, a bit with some of your – you're working on longer-term strategic planning. But just wondering if you had any thoughts or comments as it relates to, you guys are continuing to post pretty strong free cash flow and you obviously have quite a bit of net cash on the balance sheet. So, I'm just wondering, do you have any thoughts on potentially stepping up the share repurchase program that you guys have been doing historically?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: I think, Steve, that's a fair question, just as it relates to overall capital allocation, and we'll take your compliment that we are generating a lot of very strong free cash flow right now. Obviously, one of the challenges we have is where that cash is located relative to the ability to use it for kind of U.S. purposes, like share repurchase. I think we have a very well-established share repurchase program. We return a significant portion of that free cash flow to shareholders. I think at the – at a leading level in the industry, and so, really for the foreseeable future we expect to continue that practice and obviously, any adaptation to that over time would be carefully thought through and discussed. So, the question of capital allocation is a fair question. It goes part and parcel with our strategic outlook, and as we get further down the line, we'll put more specifics on all that. But thanks for the question, appreciate it and look forward to the continuing dialogue.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: So, with that, maybe, Liz, thanks and I'll move to some closing comments to close the call. So really to conclude, as we move into the second half of the year, and begin to broaden our focus to 2017 and beyond, we are encouraged as we commented today by our first half performance. We're encouraged by the condition of our key end markets as well as by the strength of our product positions. All that said, we do live in a dynamic world and will continue to balance our optimism with a business plan that can adapt unforeseen changes in market conditions, so that we can continue to deliver reliable financial results. So on behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q3 2016 call, which we currently anticipate holding on October 25, 2016. Thank you very much, and have a great day.
Operator: And, that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 12:15:00) =====
Executives: John Lynch - Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations
Analysts: Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Sara M. Silverman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Jeff T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Lynch, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Lynch - Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Well, good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding the future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the second quarter and full year 2016. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 in Part 1 under the caption, Risk Factors, and in the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled, Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials, included in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the first quarter of fiscal year 2015. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis, which, at this time, generally adjust for the negative effect of foreign currency translation. Lastly, as you recall in January, we announced a new integrated structure for what was traditionally referred to as the Waters Division and TA Instruments Division. So, today on this call and into the future, we will now refer to the Waters products and markets and TA Instruments products and markets. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Waters' Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Also here for our commentary and Q&A is Gene Cassis, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. Since delivering results is our first priority, I will begin my comments with highlights from our first fiscal quarter of 2016. Overall, I was pleased with our execution in the first quarter as the results largely materialized as we expected. Five percent revenue growth was at the high end of our guidance which is encouraging to me when you consider that sales in the prior year's first quarter were up 15% making for a challenging base of comparison as we entered 2016. Sales strength in our pharmaceutical end market, impressive growth from our recurring-revenue products, and continuing double-digit increases in China and India are all continuations of positive multiple-quarter trends in these key growth drivers. Taking a closer look at our business by major end markets. The highlight was the 9% growth of our broadly defined pharmaceutical market for Waters products. The growth in this market was most pronounced in regulated testing markets such as quality assurance and quality control testing. As we have seen for about the last two years, the strength of our pharmaceutical revenue was broad-based and highlighted by growth in smaller firms, specialty, and generic customers. Our global Waters industrial business, which includes food, environmental, and chemical materials markets, was flat in the quarter, with growth in overseas markets offsetting a decline in the U.S. Within this market, underlying demand for food quality and safety applications was strong in certain regions. And the decline in the U.S. is principally related to tough comparisons with last year. Looking at governmental and academic markets, we saw a slight decline of about 1%, with strong shipments of research LC/MS systems in China, offset by declines in U.S. and European institutions against a strong first quarter in 2015. Turning to product line dynamics in the quarter. Waters Instrument sales grew 2%, weighted towards workhorse chromatography systems used for routine pharmaceutical testing applications. We are seeing significant traction for our newly introduced ACQUITY Arc System and continued growth for ACQUITY QDa mass detection on new systems, as well as through upgrades to existing systems. On the research mass spectrometry side, we began regular shipments of Vion IMS QTof in the quarter. Waters' recurring revenues, the combination of service and consumables led our product categories in the quarter posting 8% growth in comparison to a strong prior year's result and with one fewer selling day. Waters' service and support business grew at a 7% rate with performance geographically broad-based and primarily associated with a strong uptake in contracted plans. Consumables 8% growth was largely balanced across major geographical regions with continued strong underlying demand for ACQUITY UPLC columns. In addition, we continue to see positive reception of our application specific preanalytic kits such as the GlycoWorks RapiFluor-MS labeling and our newly released ProteinWorks kits. Overall, the robust growth of our recurring line is indicative of our strong market share position, a growing installed base of our systems and strong instrument utilization rates. In our thermal analysis and rheology products from TA Instruments, business in the quarter was flat in comparison to a strong first quarter in 2015. We made a decision to launch the new Discovery line of thermal analyzers at this year's Pittsburgh conference which had the effect of delaying orders and shipments of current systems in the quarter, but sets up a stronger overall opportunity over the course of 2016. Featuring new instruments for DSC or Differential Scanning Calorimetry and TGA or thermogravimetric analysis, this new product line represents a step function improvement and performance in utility for TA's core business. Interest in these new platforms was high at Pittcon with a strong pipeline of new orders building in recent weeks. We expect the new Discovery system business will benefit growth in the second quarter and help support another year of strong sales growth and profitability for TA. Geographically, we saw a decent balance with modest growth in the developed markets and strong growth in key emerging markets. In the Americas region, the U.S. delivered 2% growth led by low teens growth from the U.S. pharmaceutical market in the quarter. U.S. industrial sales were affected by strong quarterly comparison as well as TA's Discovery system launch. We expect government and academic sales to ramp later this year as budgets get released. In Europe, we saw a similar 2% sales increase with balanced mid-single-digit pharmaceutical and industrial growth offset by lower governmental and academic shipments. Our most significant geographic growth in the quarter came from Asia, which posted an 11% growth rate with strong demand from China and India. Sales in China, our largest Asian market, were up mid-teens with balanced sales growth across all major end markets. We are very encouraged by the strong and steady business momentum that we have seen in China in recent quarters. I also continue to be impressed with the growth of our business in India where continued strong generic drug testing business drove a high teens sales growth performance. And not to be overshadowed, sales in Japan were also up in the high-single digits with double-digit pharmaceutical growth and general stability in other end markets. Before I turn the call over to Gene for more financial detail, I'd like to share my broader thoughts on our progress. I feel we're off to a good start this year with solid revenue performance against a tough Q1 2015 comparison and strength in our core business drivers. Looking beyond the revenue line, I was very pleased with our team's execution on the P&L. We managed our expenses well in the first quarter, generated very strong free cash flow and continue to deploy capital conservatively, primarily towards internal innovation as well as our well-established share repurchase program. While first quarter results in the past have not necessarily been a reliable indication of how the full year will play out, at this point, we are encouraged about our 2016 prospects based on our belief in the sustainability of Q1's growth drivers, as well as our expectation for an increasing balance of end market demand over the course of the year. At the same time, we are also investing in future growth opportunities. One of my top personal priorities is to stay close to the science and technology, and to ensure that we maintain a robust pipeline of new instrument, applications and research programs. Related to my focus on innovation, I have continued to travel extensively, visiting a wide range of customers across our market segments so that I can gain an even deeper sense for their needs and how we should invest towards better solutions. Since I started in September, I have visited well over 50 customers in 20 cities on three continents. This process has been energizing, and has given me an increasing appreciation for the unique quality of our field teams, and the growth opportunities ahead of us. Finally, I want to acknowledge the efforts of our leadership team. We delivered a solid quarter while also transitioning to our new globally integrated organizational structure. I am very pleased with the pace of the team in seizing opportunities to capitalize on our unique competitive advantages. Now, I'd like to pass the call to Gene for a deeper review of the financials. Gene?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Thank you, Chris, and good morning. In the first quarter, our revenues came in at $475 million, an increase of about 5% before currency translation, which reduced sales growth in the quarter by about 2 percentage points, resulting in reported sales growth of 3%. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the first quarter were up 4% to $1.26 in comparison to earnings of $1.21 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.15 and consistent with the $1.15 that we delivered last year. Notably, the impact of foreign exchange reduced first quarter earnings by about $0.08 and without this negative impact, our non-GAAP earnings per share would have grown by about 11%. Importantly in the quarter, and as Chris had mentioned, sales to our broadly defined biopharmaceutical markets grew about 9%. Geographically, the strength of this important segment was broad-based, with the U.S. up 13%, Europe up 5% and Asian markets growing at double-digit rates. On the product front, Waters' sales were up 5% while TA sales were up 1%. Breaking that down somewhat, LC and MS instrument system sales increased by 2% and TA instrumentation sales declined slightly in the quarter and were down 3%. Our total recurring revenues associated with Waters and TA products grew by 8%, with TA service revenue up 9%. Looking at our growth rates in the first quarter geographically and before foreign currency translation, U.S. sales were up 2%, Europe also up 2%, Japan was up 8% and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 12%. Sales of Waters' products were strong in China and up 13%. TA product sales were generally stronger in Asia, offset by declines in the United States and Europe. Now, I would like to comment on our first quarter's non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins for the quarter came in about as expected, at 57.7%, with a moderate currency headwind. Moving down the P&L, SG&A expenses were up 2% on a constant currency basis, and were flat on a non-GAAP reported basis. R&D expenses, including those associated with new product development and incremental investments, grew about 4% in the quarter, and on a constant currency basis, were up 2%, primarily as a result of a weaker British pound. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 13.7%. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6 million, and our average share count came in at 82 million shares or approximately 1.8 million shares lower than in the first quarter last year, this being a net result of our ongoing share repurchase program. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and short term investments totaled $2.5 billion and debt totaled $1.7 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of $786 million. As for first quarter share repurchases, we bought 745,000 shares of our common stock for $90 million. This leaves $351 million on our authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditure, plus non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual non-recurring items. In the first quarter of 2016, free cash flow came in at $141 million after funding $25 million of capital. Excluded from this capital spending is approximately $3 million of investments associated with major facility expansion. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 84 days this quarter. Inventories increased by $24 million in comparison to the prior quarter, reflecting the typical seasonal patterns. Now, I will discuss our full-year 2016 guidance. Our outlook generally assumes a continued strong biopharmaceutical end market, relatively balanced performance across our instrumentation lines; and we feel that these dynamics will support a mid-single-digit constant-currency sales increase in 2016. Currency translation at today's rates is expected to be about neutral to sales growth. Moving down the P&L, gross margins for the year are expected to be about equal to those in 2015 as volume-related manufacturing efficiency gains will likely be offset by a modest full-year negative FX dynamic. We expect to manage our operating expenses to grow at a rate that's less than our sales growth rate. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $28 million. We currently expect our full-year operating tax rate to come in at between 13% and 14%. Looking at share buybacks, we plan to continue our share repurchase program through 2016 at a rate that we expect will result in an average diluted share count of about 81 million shares outstanding. Rolling all of this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full-year 2016 earnings per fully diluted share are projected to be within a range of $6.20 and $6.40. Looking at the second quarter of 2016, we are estimating that sales will grow at a rate between 5% and 7%. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to be about neutral to sales growth in the quarter. Rolling these factors together, we expect our adjusted second quarter's earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $1.38 to $1.48. And with that, I'll turn you back to Chris.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thank you, Gene. And with that, we'll now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get to everyone's question. So, please limit yourself to only one question and one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. And after the Q&A, I will add a few closing comments. Operator, first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Jonathan Groberg from UBS. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Melena, and congratulations on a solid quarter. So, just two quick questions from me. First, can you, Chris, as you've gotten to know the business a little bit more. I mean, what strikes in the quarter is the strength of recurring revenues, particularly because I think you had one less selling day in the quarter? So, maybe if you could just talk about what you saw there? Is that being impacted by pricing at all? Is there anything that's happening from a pricing standpoint on the services or the consumable side?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure, Jon. Thank you. And yeah, the strength of the recurring business is certainly a highlight for us and something we watch very closely. And as I said in my comments, I think it's a function of a variety of factors including our strong position in instruments and our growing installed base but also our ability to not only hang on to but enhance our contracted service plans. And your point on price is also correct that we do seek over time to maintain or even enhance our pricing power for these recurring lines on service and on chemistry consumables. And on the consumable side, we are benefiting from a continued uptick of our UPLC systems and higher attachment rates that we get on those chemistries which is a nice natural tailwind for us in addition to some of the application specific kits that I mentioned early and we're very excited about GlycoWorks and ProteinWorks and other things in our pipeline. So, this has been a nice source of growth for us. It's gradually increasing. It's a mix of our overall portfolio and has favorable economics that go along with it. So, it is a top priority for us.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, just quickly. I don't know either Chris or Gene, there has been some comments around Ireland looking to change how it looks at the tax rate that it offers companies there? I think you renegotiated Singapore but I'm just kind of curious what your outlook is for tax in Ireland and just tax, in general, if there's anything you're seeing there that we need to be aware of? Thanks.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Well, this is Gene, Jon. Thank you for the question and we carefully monitor changes in governmental tax policies around the world especially those that impact our company directly. And you're right that between Singapore, Ireland and the UK, they're all very meaningful to us along with the United States. But at this time, we're not anticipating any change in our situation in Ireland. The effective tax rate that we enjoy there is in the 11% or 12% range and as we look at the guidance for this year and look at the long-term outlook for the company at this time, we're continuing to use that rate.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: You're welcome.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. Thank you. I'm wondering if you could comment a little bit about the competitive environment, you had obviously a really strong comp to work against this quarter and curious if you felt like you were able to take a little bit of market share in any of the key product areas.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thanks, Isaac. I appreciate the question. As you know, measuring market share on a quarter-by-quarter basis in this business is a little bit challenging and so in order to assess how we're performing competitively, I tend to look at – I've looked at a lot of data on more of a rolling basis. And market share is critically important. We do want to win in all of our major categories and I think looking at our growth rate in instruments, looking at our growth rate in chemistries and service and some of the different product categories, we do believe we've grown at a rate that exceeds the market. And so, we do believe that in the core LC business, we are gradually picking up some market share and that's our goal and we need to continue to feed that with innovation which is our primary lever. On the mass spec side, it's a little bit different by product category. While we've been under some pressure on the higher end research mass spec, we have performed in a solid way in the tandem quad business and particularly the new category of the QDa, have been a nice – a gainer for us. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag there, but we continue to really focus and prioritize our execution in making sure we're maintaining and enhancing that market share position.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Chris. And just a follow-up, the guidance for 2Q that you gave us was relatively in line with what I was looking for, but I'm curious if you could talk a little bit about operating leverage in the business? You mentioned the importance of the good expense control in the first quarter, and if we look at the top-line profile of mid- to high-single digits on organic growth rates, the bottom-line growth, historically in this business has been – has shown pretty good leverage, and I'm wondering how you think about that this year as you put your plan more into place.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure. No, happy to address that, Isaac. Thanks. You know obviously, as you know, the last three years, as I look back over the last two to three years, I think there's been good operating leverage masked by FX, of course, and the challenges we face there. And so, as we look at 2016 is a little more of a transition year as it relates to FX, we are trying to balance that growth and the investment in the portfolio, obviously with a good top line over the last year, and continuing to push the top line, we want to make sure we're feeding that growth with the right levels of investment. And so as we look across the balance of the year, I think our revenue outlook is balanced in terms of over the course of the year, each of the end markets harmonizing more to our guidance range. And we have an investment plan over the course of the year that is designed to yield some very modest leverage, obviously, with top-line performance, if top-line performance exceeds our stated guidance, there is some potential for some additional leverage. But obviously, over the course of time, I do feel that leverage is possible in this business based on the mix and the evolving mix of our business particularly towards service and consumables. The fact that we operate in very attractive market segments and the opportunities for scale up and down the P&L as we grow. So, that's really our approach. But overall, it is a balanced approach because, as I mentioned in my comments, feeding the growth is critical particularly on the innovation side.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Appreciate all that color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks. Maybe first on government academic. I know you had a difficult comp this quarter, as you did last quarter. Just wondering when you think you may see things pick up a little bit both in the U.S. and Europe, I know you talked about being a little soft as well.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure, Tycho. I'll make a quick comment, and maybe Gene wants to add to it. But the government and academic in general has been, as I look at this business, more of a back-half factor with lumpier performance in the first half of the year, and I think that's our continued expectations, particularly as some of the new budget gets released through the NIH funding that we've watched closely. And so, we've been relatively conservative on our assumptions in the first half of the year and expect that to be more of a back-half phenomenon.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Yeah.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And...
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Just to add, I think Chris did a very good job explaining the situation. I would just add that historically, our participation in those non-profit market segments has been weighted towards our higher end-mass spectrometry offerings. And as we go through this year, we will continue to see a ramp of our Vion instrument as well as some pretty exciting new product introduction plans at the upcoming ASMS meeting. So, I think we're encouraged at the prospects and we have a pretty good pipeline as we look at the remaining quarters of 2016, Tycho.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just maybe following up on Isaac's question earlier about leverage. Chris, one of the things you've been vocal about is maybe showing more discipline on the R&D spending and kind of rethinking maybe the way you approach R&D. Can you just talk a little bit about how you think about implementing some of those changes around systems engineering and maybe realigning some of the R&D priorities?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure. It is a very high priority as I mentioned. Thanks for the question. And I'm still in my process of learning all about how we create value through that innovation process. And as I have been vocal about – remained very, very committed to our position, I believe, in the industry as the most vital organic innovator. And in doing that, the question of R&D productivity is vital. The company has made great strides in recent years on sort of the portfolio approach. And certainly, some of the organization evolution that I've been leading is really designed to get after that responsive, more integrated product portfolio. One thing I've tried to take a look at, because there is so much innovation, is a crisper definition of the difference between what's in our product development pipeline and maybe what's in our research pipeline. And the good news is, there's a lot happening on both scores. Just to make sure that we get increased visibility as to our near-term pipeline, but also we're making the right bets to ensure bigger innovations down the road. As part of that, and looking at both the combination of our Instruments or LC and our MS Instruments, as well as our applied technologies, certainly, the market does appear to be tilting towards an increasing appreciation for the strength we bring across all of those categories and the more integrated view of our product portfolio and so, that's certainly feedback I've heard from many customers and the dialogue internally and I think the team's making great progress. I also want to comment on TA, because some of what I just mentioned in terms of the instruments refer to the Waters products but on the TA side, the Discovery series that I mentioned in the call has been long coming. It's beginning to show its promise in the marketplace and while TA has also benefited from some modest tuck-in M&A over the past, I think this cycle of innovation's going to make a big difference as well.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then just one clarification the $3 million in facility expansion that was called out, is that at all tied to the Health Science initiative? I know you've talked about new manufacturing to meet medical device requirements. I'm just wondering if that feeds into that.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Hi. Tycho, it's Gene. That is more tied to an updating of our headquarters facility here in Milford. We've had a plan over the last two or three years to try to use space more efficiently at this campus and that's a continuing effort.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Good morning.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Morning.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, a couple of questions. So, I'm curious about the gross margin. You noted that strength in the instrument business was in the workhorse chromatography, so I assume that's Alliance which I believe is a relatively high margin product, and then you had a high consumables mix this quarter. The gross margin was a little bit lower than where I thought it was going to come in. So, could you sort of walk through the dynamics on what was going in, the give and takes?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure, Derik. Maybe I'll make a quick comment, and Gene can add to it as well. When we think about the gross margin, obviously, at the very top of it is our ability to maintain price. And that came up earlier in the call. And so, certainly our pricing was strong in the quarter, particularly around our recurring revenues. And, really, what you refer to as a positive mix was offset by some currency headwind, as – pretty much as we expected, but volumes and factors like absorption were very much in line. So, this gross margin was actually very much in line with what we expected and should correlate pretty well to the expectations we've laid out for the rest of the year.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Hi, Derik. This is Gene. I mean, one of the things on the gross margin side is that the first quarter of 2015 was kind of a hard quarter to replicate. At the end of the (32:17) year last year, we had gross margins that were around 59%, and that's what we delivered in the first quarter last year. And historically, our high-margin quarters are later in the calendar year as we do a better job absorbing some of our fixed expenses. On the gross margin side, as well as almost in every attribute, the first quarter of 2015 was a little bit of a point off the line. I think that the 58-ish percent gross margin that we delivered in the first quarter is consistent with a full-year outlook that would bring you up to 59% for the full year, with stronger gross margins anticipated in the fourth quarter.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And just one quick follow-up, you did mention currencies, obviously, Japan's rebounded off of what was some doldrums last year, and the yen's rebounded. Can you sort of talk about Japan, and sort of like the yen pull-through? Thanks.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Oh, yeah. Just so you know that in the guidance that we gave, we were looking at a yen of about ¥109. It's a little bit higher than that today. We had a strong quarter in Japan, with Japan up 8% in the first quarter. So, certainly that is a little bit of a tailwind for us as we look at FX dynamics moving through the year. On the other hand, we have some secondary currencies that have been a headwind for us. And those currencies are in countries where the business tends to be a little bit lumpy. So, there's a little bit of conservatism in our forecast, anticipating that the tailwind that we get from the stronger yen could potentially be largely offset by some continuing headwind from some of these secondary currencies. But, frankly, it's a hard thing to call.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: You're very welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. One, my first question is actually on China. Really strong balanced trends there. It seems like coming in to 2016, Waters and perhaps others had pretty strong backlogs in China. Could you speak to the relationship here between new order growth and revenue growth in China?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. Steve, I think that's probably a level of detail that we don't really want to get into too much. And obviously our whole goal is to make sure that our sales growth is balanced over time with our orders growth. And there is a longer pipeline in China than in other geographies for a variety of reasons, but I think on the whole, the results that we're reporting here on the sales line reflect what's happening on the underlying order side as well.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you. And then just one follow-up on the pharma business. Could you speak to how you're seeing growth evolving this year, specifically in small pharma and biotech? I heard a comment on the strength in the prepared remarks, but I wonder if you could compare and contrast it to what you saw, maybe second half 2015? Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. No, thanks. I think the trends, Steve, are pretty similar to what we saw over the course of 2015 and particularly in the back half, and that is a reflection of the greater diversification of the pharmaceutical customer base, both within these categories of traditional large multinational pharma, but also biotech, generic, specialty, et cetera. In fact, just as a point of reference, if you look at our top accounts, our larger traditional accounts, they grew more in the low- to mid-single-digit range versus the bigger parts of our growth which came from some of those other pools. And it's not just a company diversification, if you will, or a customer diversification, there's also geographic diversification. For example in the generic business, there is a very strong presence in India, as well as different parts of Europe, and even a visit I had in Canada, where there is a tremendous amount of innovation and growth and scale in that generics category and even some green shoots in the biosimilars category. So, it continues to impress me as I get out to see customers that some of the old divisions maybe, between who you'd expect to be developing small molecule drugs and larger molecule drugs, those lines are blurring. And the level of competitive intensity is high in that field, the level of innovation is high, but it's a more balanced approach. So, we obviously watch this closely. I'm continuing to try to get even more deeper, more granular understanding as to the dynamics and the sustainability of this market, but it does appear to be a very different market than what it's been in the past.
Steve C. Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: No question. Thanks, Chris.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys. So, I'd love a little bit more color on sort of the generic pharma emerging markets CRO demand front. We've seen, on the generic side, pricing destabilize here the last three or six months. So, I'm curious with some of the vendors struggling a bit, how you think about that at least from a CapEx perspective? Obviously on a units perspective, it doesn't really influence the recurring revenues much. And then, specific to maybe India and then sort of the CROs, with some of the currency volatility and then, in general, some of the struggles they've had on the FDA side. Again, how are you thinking more on the CapEx side of demand there? It seems like the business has been pretty resilient despite all the noise?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. No, Ross, I think that's a good word, resilient, in terms of how this market appears. And again, I'm pretty new in understanding this and spent time in some of these markets to understand exactly your question. At the end of the day, there is some competitive volatility in that market, and I've certainly had the chance to learn about different facets of that, whether they're American companies participating there or Indian companies, or Canadian companies, et cetera. But at the end of the day, if the pill count is rising, and the underlying operational activity is there, which it certainly is, then that's going to translate into that resiliency or that stability in the end market. Obviously, as you point out, the regulatory bar continues to rise for generic drug manufacturers particularly those serving the United States who are operating outside the United States and some of our competitive advantages in terms of our informatics are in power, chromatography data systems, for example. And what we've been able to supplement on the service side in terms of helping companies through their growth to meet regulatory compliance has all been positive factors in our device utilization. Our market share tends to be pretty high in some of these methods and in some of these markets and we don't take that for granted. We fight for it every day, but we continue to see this as a good opportunity for growth and by the way, that's resulting in some very positive things for the healthcare system overall and greater patient access to medications and therapies. So, it's good business.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: And how are you thinking about where you're going with gross leverage over time. I mean, obviously, Waters has had sort of a trapped cash issue like many and you've obviously solved it via borrowing and then being able to continue to repurchase stock. I think we're pushing at some point two-and-a-half times on the gross side, I mean, where do you think that can go comfortably and then does it make you think differently since you've been there a bit about M&A, ex-U.S. in terms of unlocking some of that trapped cash overseas?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. It's an important question. Obviously, we watch this closely and I'm devoting my energies over time and my CEO voice to responsible tax reform so, that we can have policies that allow us to utilize our cash better globally and to strengthen our country and our economy and that's the important message for all of us. But we think this is a very manageable situation. We do have capacity in the leverage metrics that you identified. And I don't see this issue compelling us to a different M&A strategy than we have. I mean my view on M&A strategy is very clear which M&A is a tactic for us that would be utilized for the appropriate business strategy if we see the right opportunity that can make us better and stronger and enhance the value of our products for our customers in our chosen markets. We'll do M&A but it's secondary to our internal innovation program and certainly not driven by balance sheet factors like you mentioned.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. My first question is I was hoping you could help us work through the components of the EPS guidance change for the year. You increased EPS guidance for the year by $0.075 at the midpoint. I estimate that you get about $0.05 from tax and interest expense changes. FX seems to be about $0.08 to $0.12. So, it seems like there has to be some offset here. You didn't increase constant-currency revenue growth expectations for the year. So, is the offset here all increased operating expenses?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Yeah. I'll comment on that. I think your first observation, Doug, is accurate that obviously, the FX environment has changed. We started the year anticipating that the FX headwind in terms of our number of cents on EPS would be $0.15 or $0.16. And we saw around $0.08 of that in the first quarter. We're anticipating that that would be the lion's share of the FX headwind that we encounter for the full year. And I think as you correctly noted that there is an expectation that the amount of operating leverage that we get for the full year will not be the same level of operating leverage that we delivered in the first quarter. We do know that we have expenses coming as we go into the second and third quarter associated with what we hope to be very exciting new product launches. There'll be more material expenses, there'll be more marketing expenses associated with that. And if you do a rough calculation, you'd see that our full year EPS guide doesn't really have baked into it the 200 basis points of leverage that we delivered in the first quarter on an organic constant currency basis but much more moderate. So, there is an anticipation that operating expenses will increase as we move through the year and the basis of this increase is primarily new product launches that are planned as we move through the year.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. But just to be clear, did you increase your plans for operating spends relative to where you were at the beginning of the year or are expectations the same today as they were three months ago?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Well, the expectations are roughly the same, Doug. It's just that we were a little bit more efficient on the expense side in the first quarter than we anticipated originally and we benefited from that in the first quarter's results. But our expectation is that we will execute on the plan as articulated on the last earnings call.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And my second question is just related to TA sales. You noted that they stalled a bit due to the introduction of new products. Any chance you would quantify and relatedly maybe provide backlog data as a way to frame underlying demand? Thank you.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: I think we probably stop short of providing that kind of information, just to embellish a little bit on my comments, Doug. We did make a very calculated decision during the middle of the quarter when we saw some of the strength in some of our other sectors like pharmaceuticals to take advantage of the platform we had at Pittcon, which is an important meeting to talk more openly about our pipeline there. And in terms of the effect on TA, it was material to TA, but I think balancing the small hit we took in Q1 on TA is a encouraging set of quoting activity, demoing activity, and ordering activity that will begin to show later in the second quarter. But I'd stop short of providing backlog data other than to say our overall year, we probably have a higher confidence in TA based on the actions we took in Q1.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. Good morning. So, India has now had strong quarters for the past eight quarters. That's, of course, after a prolonged period of weakness. How much longer can India keep up that strong growth? How much pent-up demand is there in the market?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Good question, Bryan. I wish I had a great answer to that, and I hope there is quite a bit more. Obviously, we – like I said earlier in the comments on the generic market which is driving this – the signs are for continued stability in that market and obviously there's other factors in India which have occurred over time like currency shocks and things that effect local companies and those dynamics that you can sometimes never exactly predict. And so, you can't ever be too sure, but we're just heads down focused. We've got a very strong experienced team in India that enjoys very high market share in those chromatography systems. We're obviously trying to invest in new growth engines, as well, to balance that over time. The food safety market happens to be one example there in India that we're interested in. But I'm encouraged by what I see as a broader trend in pharmaceuticals towards the generic marketplace and the global nature of that, that hopefully will support continued strong growth in that segment for us.
Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And for the overall biopharma market, did you – was the strength consistent throughout the quarter? Did you start to see any tapering as you close out the quarter?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: No. I don't think there's any particularly noteworthy trends one way or another during the quarter.
Bryan Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tim Evans from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Sara M. Silverman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. This is Sara Silverman on for Tim. I just wanted to ask you kind of a broader question, Chris. With another quarter under your belt, do you have a better feel for any adjustments you could foresee making to Waters' overall strategy that you could share with us?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: No. That's a fair question. And I guess, I'm continuing in a process, Sara, I'd say of continuing to assess the company and obviously these customer interactions and my knowledge of the marketplace grows as each quarter goes by. From a high-level standpoint, I'm encouraged by the fact that the markets that we participate in are quite attractive. Of course, they're going to have their various cycles but over the long term, I do see these as attractive markets and I really am gaining a deeper and deeper appreciation and everything I've learned reinforces the unique position we have in the industry in terms of our focus and our record and our desire to produce industry-leading organic innovation. My first priority as I go through this is to really put a lot of definition around our core business and job one in strategy is always make sure you're maximizing your performance and potential in your core business and we love our core and we'll continue to seek first to optimize that. Beyond that, it's really a matter of gaining more and more clarity on where we should see upside growth opportunities in terms of some of the growing markets, new markets, and even geographic markets and I think some of the themes we've talked about even in some of these calls reinforce what those are. At the end of the day, we are taking a pretty deep and structured and thoughtful approach to this planning process and I'm energized, the organization's energized and what I expect to be able to report on in the future is just higher degrees of clarity on priorities around the markets, our chosen markets that we're serving, our product plan and the capabilities that we want to develop in the organization to get there. So, I don't think I've seen anything that pulls me off of my view of this business and the potential of the business. I'm very excited about the potential for Waters and making a big difference in the world and continuing on our focused innovation pathway.
Sara M. Silverman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And just one quick question, back to the strength in Japan, could you tell us a little more about what the drivers were there? And how sustainable you think that is?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Sure. Japan is a great market for us. It's a big market for us. And in fact, I had the opportunity to visit Japan since we've spoken last. And what I saw there was a team with just tremendous focus and really kind of zoning in on some, I think, some good market share opportunities in LC, principally behind our Empower Chromatography Data System platform and a lot of those regulatory factors that are important to those customers. I also see an opportunity in the triple quad business where we have a little bit of a lower share but some newer products and also some market opportunity. The growth in the quarter there was broad based, as we pointed out. Pharma, in particular, was strong, had maybe a little easier comparison but had good year-over-year growth. And – but the end markets there were reasonable. So, Japan, historically, has been more of a developed market, more mid-single-digit type growth, low- to mid-single-digit type growth. And so, when we get a quarter like this out of Japan, we're excited. I don't necessarily expect that type of growth rate to be the permanent growth rate in Japan but we do expect to be very competitive in that market and we've got a great team there.
Sara M. Silverman - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you so much.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Chris, if you just strip out the impact of new products on TA, can you comment on how you're feeling about the outlook for the industrial markets right now? It would be helpful to just get some color on the different segments of the customer base there in terms of environmental, chemical, food, et cetera.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. It's a good question. I mean, overall, the industrial markets – there is pressure on these end markets, as you know, from just studying the general economy. The comps were a little tougher in the first quarter, get a little bit easier over the course of the year, generally. And obviously, one of the big factors in our overall industrial outlook is the DSC and the TGA. In particular, the level of performance around sensitivity and resolution of those DSC and TGA products is going to impact a number of their end markets, particularly, for example, high-performance industrial polymer markets, aerospace, semiconductors, some of those types of markets. But I think another market that is beyond the traditional thermal analysis market in TA that's pretty interesting to us is rheology. I've actually spent some time getting to know some players in the rheology segment of the market and am pretty encouraged by the breadth of that opportunity, and particularly as we further integrate some of our new technology that we picked up through acquisition in rubber rheology. So, TA is a business that's characterized by a very broad customer base, smaller deal sizes. And while they are obviously heavily entrenched and tied to the industrial markets, we do, obviously, try to subset that market effectively and make sure we're pouring resources into some of those areas that we think can give us growth.
Daniel Arias - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks. And then, if I just think about the comment on growth in the regulated markets, are you able to sort of talk to the pace of transition of customers from HPLC to UPLC at this point? I'm just curious whether that conversion rate there is more or less steady state or whether that's picked up for one reason or another.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. That's something I'm trying to understand, Dan, as well. And from my perspective, it's a relatively steady transition, and Gene may want to add more on this. It's one of the reasons that we are so excited about our ACQUITY Arc platform as kind of a bridging technology to try to enhance that transition over time. We fully recognize that there's a large world of HPLC out there that we need to continue to serve well, particularly around some of the more routine testing. But over time, we I think are doing a better and better job of selling the benefits of UPLC technology and providing our customers more pathways to get there. So, hopefully that's a trend that we can continue to rely on. I don't know, Gene, if you want to add to that?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President - Business Development and Investor Relations: Yeah, Dan. I would agree with everything that Chris said. And just remind everyone that UPLC is a fundamental chemistry technology, and that one of the best ways to look at the conversion or the adoption rate of UPLC is to monitor the consumable business associated with UPLC, and what we've seen is underlying consistent growth, and it's actually very encouraging. The adoption rate of the technology has been more slow and consistent and steady than we anticipated 10 years ago when we first launched UPLC. But it's actually been a nice core growth driver for the overall corporation's business.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thanks, Dan. And maybe we have time for one or two more questions?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Elliott from Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Thanks, guys. Gene, when you look at the recurring revenue growth, the strength there, I guess, is there a way to get more granular on the drivers there, whether it's price or kind of the same-store sales numbers or new products? Is there a way to kind of dive into that? Really, what I'm trying to get at is to better understand how sustainable that level is.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. Jeff, maybe I'll make a quick comment, then Gene can. In terms of breaking apart the recurring, again, you have to break it down by service and by consumables. And certainly, the factors you mentioned are all elements we look at. We try to enhance price. We want to make sure that on a same-store we're actually building market share, if you will, on our columns, in the installed base, but also as we just talked about in UPLC, the transition from HPLC to UPLC and the higher attach rates we get with UPLC and the value of those columns is definitely a factor that we try to break down as well, which gives us some comfort for the sustainability. On service, it's really a matter of continuing in all geographies of the world to enhance our offering and try to get that more and more reflected in the contracted service plans, which is a key metric we look at in terms of what by geography and really by type of customer. And on top of that, you've heard me talk about the customer experience, and we rigorously measure loyalty and the Net Promoter Score and our customer experience, which is highly correlated to increasing net service lines. So those are the factors I'd say that we look at mostly.
Jeff T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just a follow-up there on the attach rates, the UPLC attach rates, can you remind us kind of where you are today and kind of how that's strengthened over the past year? Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah. I mean, the attach rates for UPLC are nicely over half, more in the 60%-ish range and that's very strong and it's a multiple or so higher than on the HPLC.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mira Minkova from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just to go back to the pharma markets for a second. I think I heard some comments earlier that your guidance, Gene and Chris, for the remainder of the year assumes more balanced growth over the remainder of 2016 across the end markets. As you mentioned, that academic and the government particular should pick up because of the NIH budget. Are you assuming a moderation in pharma? How do you think about pharma for the remainder of the year?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Yeah, that's a fair question, Miroslava, and certainly we are making assumptions that give us the balance because of natural questions in the market and while we do certainly expect the pharma market to continue to grow at above our overall company growth rate, it's fair to say that we don't have unrealistic expectations in terms of the type of growth rates in the market we've seen in recent quarters. And so, I think we are taking that balanced view and looking at that portfolio of end markets to converge somewhat over the course of the year.
Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And on the – just to be clear on the TA DSC line. When do you roll it out and is that the back half of the year impact of the numbers or is it more of a 2017?
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Well, hopefully, it'll have an impact in both of those periods. The rollout begins in the mid to later part of the second quarter. And so, we expect it to first really be seen in a little bit in the coming quarter but in the back half of the year. And obviously when you roll out a new platform like that and look at your installed base both for upgrade as well as new placements, that is a multi-quarter, if not multi-year effect. So, hopefully, we'll see the benefit of that over the course of 2017 and even beyond.
Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you very much for taking my question.
Christopher James O'Connell - President, Chief Executive Officer and Member - Board of Directors: Thanks. I think we're over time but we do appreciate all the great questions. And so, thank you very much for being part of the call. I've certainly enjoyed getting to know you over the last six to eight months and look forward to our continuing productive dialogue. So, on behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We do look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q2 2016 call which we currently anticipate holding on July 26, 2016. Thanks very much and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, speakers, and that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Lynch – Vice President of Investor Relations Christopher O'Connell – President, Chief Executive Officer and Member Eugene Cassis – Chief Financial Officer Arthur Caputo – Executive Vice President
Analysts: Daniel Arias – Citi Research Ross Muken – ISI Group Dan Leonard – Leerink Jonathan Groberg – UBS Tim Evans – Wells Fargo Securities Derik De Bruin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bryan Brokmeier – Cantor Fitzgerald Sung Ji Nam – Avondale Isaac Ro – Goldman Sachs Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company Jeff Elliott – Robert Baird
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter Financial Result Year 2015 Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Lynch, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Lynch: Thank you, operator. Well, good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company for the first quarter and full year 2016. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company did not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update the predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2016. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled quarterly reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted non-GAAP financials included in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates including revenue growth ranges given on today's call are given on a comparable constant currency basis, which, at this time, generally adjust for the negative effect of foreign currency translation. Now, I'd like introduce Waters' Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell. Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. It's great to speak with you again. The last three months since my first earnings call as Waters' CEO have flown by. It's been an exciting and enjoyable time for me. This morning, I will share my thoughts and the state of our business heading into 2016 and our priorities for the coming year. I'd also like to provide commentary on the changes announced yesterday to expand our leadership structure. However, as I indicated on the last earnings call, my first priority is to drive our quarterly and annual business performance. Accordingly, let's start by reviewing the results for our fourth quarter and 2015 overall. I'm pleased to report that Q4 was another strong quarter for Waters. In the face of a challenging year-over-year comparison and meaningfully fewer selling days versus the prior year's fourth quarter, sales were up 5% as the positive momentum that we saw earlier in the year continued. For the full year, sales were up an impressive 9% with all major segments of the business contributing to this balanced result. Now, let's dive deeper by taking a look at the Waters division performance. Revenues for Waters products and services in Q4 increased 4% led by sales to our broadly defined global pharmaceutical segment which were up 6% in the quarter. Full-year 2015 pharmaceutical segment growth was 11%. Globally, the government and academic segment was down mid-single digits in the quarter against the very strong performance in 2014. For the full year, sales for this segment were about flat. Sales for the food, environmental, and industrial chemical markets grew modestly, up 3% in the quarter with slower growth in Europe offsetting a strong performance in China. For the full year, sales for this segment were up 7% with balanced geographical results. From a product line standpoint in the quarter, instrument platform sales grew at 3% rate in comparison to a strong prior year's performance. Just as we saw in the third quarter, demand in the fourth quarter was strongest for our bench top LC and LC-MS instruments used in broad-based life science applications. For the full year, Waters instrument platform sales were up 10%. ACQUITY and Alliance LC Technology Systems grew at a double-digit rate and the ACQUITY QDa mass detector continue to expand the usage of MS detection in classic LC end markets. On the high resolution mass spec front, I'm happy to report that we began shipments of our new Vion IMS QTof platform in the fourth quarter. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chemistry consumables, grew 4% in the quarter. This rate reflects the effect of fewer selling days in the quarter. Waters service business growth was generally balanced across all major geographies with contracted service plan revenues driving much of the growth. On the chemistry consumables front, sales were up 5% and benefited from strong pharmaceutical demand in both research and quality control laboratories. Looking at the full year, Waters' recurring revenue were up an impressive 9%, a rate that's indicative of strong instrument utilization, growth in service agreements, and a continuing trend towards the usage of UPLC methodologies in more routine and regulated testing. Now, I'd like to cover Waters' division performance from a geographic standpoint. Starting in the U.S., sales were flat in comparison to a strong 12% growth performance in prior year's Q4. Modest growth in U.S. pharmaceutical and industrial sectors was offset by a decline in government spending. Full-year sales in the U.S. were up 10% with balanced growth across all major product lines and customer categories. Our European sales grew 3% in the quarter. Pharmaceutical sales were up mid-single digits, government and academic business declined, and industrial sales were about flat. And just as we saw earlier in the year, stronger growth in Western Europe was partially offset by weakness in Eastern Europe. Looking at the full year, Waters' European sales were up 7%, and similar to the U.S., sales growth was balanced across our major products lines and end markets. In China, growth was 9% in the fourth quarter and 16% for the full year with our mix well balanced between privately and publicly funded customers. As I saw firsthand during my recent visits to Beijing and Shanghai, we are truly a powerful franchise in China and are well positioned to achieve continued strong sales growth over the long term. Sales in Japan were relatively flat in the fourth quarter and also for the full year. Looking at the full-year results, sales were strongest for our chemical analysis business where we saw strong growth for food applications throughout the year In India, we enjoyed a very strong fourth quarter, capping off a truly remarkable full year performance in that geography. In the fourth quarter, India sales grew at a strong double-digit rate, consistent with our 25% growth for the full year. We continue to see strong demand from generic drug companies for LC instruments, services, columns and networked information systems. Impressively, India's growth was against a very strong performance to the prior year's result. Similar to China, we have a very strong organization and market position in India. In fact, I'm heading to India tonight, and look forward to learning more about how we can sustain strong rates of growth in this strategic market. Finally, from a business segment standpoint, TA Instruments' performance rebounded lastly from a slower 2014, growing 9% worldwide in 2015. So to recap last year, 2015 was truly a milestone year for Waters. I must compliment all of our employees worldwide for staying very focused on executing an aggressive business plan while we smoothly transition to a new CEO, and also smartly invested for future growth. Financially, 2015 was a successful year. Our strong top-line performance was delivered while generating significant operating leverage when measured on a cost and currency basis. Even with the significant currency headwind, we grew our adjusted earnings per share at a high-single-digit rate, while meaningfully increasing our R&D spending and investing in customer support personnel. As we enter 2016, we are focused on the following: first, we will strive to continue our track record of delivering reliable and consistent performance each quarter, while also investing for future growth. Second, we will develop our organizational capability, investing in our people and building the broader leadership team that will enable Waters' future success. And third, we will sharpen our long-term strategic plan, which will guide our ongoing resource allocation. I believe Waters is poised for continued market-leading growth as we focus on our priorities of product innovation, global market development and excellence in the overall customer experience. In particular, I'd like to comment on our innovation story, which I believe is a rich one. In 2015, we launched significant new instruments including the ACQUITY Arc and the aforementioned Vion IMS QTof. Launched in the second half of 2015, the ACQUITY Arc System is a modern LC system with the versatility and robustness required to bridge the gap between HPLC and UHPLC while continuing to support validated assays. In the relatively short time this product has been on the market we are already seeing the system's strength. Similarly, the Vion IMS QTof platform is creating good momentum as we are seeing increased interest and adoption of ion mobility mass spectrometry. These groundbreaking technologies augment the continued steady growth of our well-established technology platforms including Alliance, ACQUITY and Xevo Mass Spec. In consumables, we continue to expand our line of UPLC and specialty columns as well as advanced analytical reagent kits such as the GlycoWorks labeling kit for glycan analysis. We expect our 2015 product introductions to gain momentum in 2016, benefiting Waters sales growth and market share gains. In addition, our product pipeline is rich with innovative new product launches planned for 2016 that I will speak more about in the coming quarters. I'd like to close my comments by commenting on the leadership announcement from yesterday. After a nearly 40-year career at Waters, our Waters Division President, Art Caputo has decided to retire at the end of 2016, and he will serve as a Non-Executive Advisor to me throughout the year. It is impossible to describe the enormity of Art's impact on this company. He has been a truly unique leader in Waters' history who has personally influenced our market-leading performance, our many meaningful innovations and countless customer successes with Waters technology over the years. While I've only had the pleasure to work with Art for a short six months, it's clear to me that his business and organizational legacy has put us in a strong position to move forward. Perhaps Art's greatest contribution has been many leaders and employees he has personally mentored and developed. Taking advantage of Waters' deep reservoir of talent as detailed in yesterday's press release, I've had the opportunity to promote key leaders from inside the organization to our newly formed executive committee, establishing a forward-leaning operating structure that will ensure leadership continuity. It will enhance our strategic differentiation and further streamline execution. So, on behalf of all Waters employees, I salute Art and thank him for his extraordinary career. I also want to express my sincere confidence in our newly shaped executive committee in the broader leadership group as we lead Waters into the future. Now, I'd like to hand the call over to Gene Cassis, Waters' CFO, for a review of our financials and further comments on our future outlook. Gene?
Eugene Cassis: Well, thank you, Chris, and good morning, all. In the fourth quarter, our revenues came in at $587 million, an increase of about 5% for currency translation which reduced sales growth in the quarter by about 5%, resulting in a modest increase in reported sales growth. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter were down 2% to $1.96 in comparison to earnings of $1.99 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.83 versus $1.80 last year. For the full year, 2015 sales grew about 9% before currency effects. While currency translation reduced sales growth by about 6.5%. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up about 7% to $5.89 per share versus $5.48 last year. Notably, the impact of foreign exchange reduced full year earnings by about $0.59. Without this negative impact, earnings per share would have grown by about 18%. On a GAAP basis, full-year earnings per share were $5.65 versus $5.07 in 2014. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to the press release that we issued this morning. Looking at our growth rate in the fourth quarter geographically and before currency translation, U.S. sales were up 4%, Europe was up 3%, Japan was flat, and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 14% with strong demand in India and China. On the product front, LC and MS instrument sales increased by 3%, and our recurring revenues grew by 4%. In all, Waters Division sales were up 4%. TA sales were up 16% in the fourth quarter, and 9% for the full year with new technology offerings and acquired product benefiting the quarter and the year. Sales was strongest in the U.S. and Asia where the growth rates were up in the double digits during the quarter. Now, I'd like to comment on our fourth quarter's non-GAAP financial performance versus last year. Gross margins for the quarter came in at 59.4% as compared to 60.1% in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year in 2015, gross margins were 58.7% versus 58.5% last year. For both the fourth quarter and full year, foreign currency impacted gross margin percent negatively, masking the otherwise positive impacts of product mix and manufacturing cost dynamics. Moving down the P&L, SG&A expenses were down slightly as reported. However, factoring in the positive effects of foreign currency exchange on expenses, SG&A grew in the quarter as we funded product introductions and additional field head count to ensure customer support. R&D expenses including those associated with new product development and incremental investments grew about 2% in the quarter before taking into account the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 14.3%. For the full year 2015, our operating tax rate was 13.8%. This includes the impact of the U.S. R&D tax credit that was re-established at year's end. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6 million, and our average share count came in at 82.4 million shares or approximately 1.6 million shares lower than in the fourth quarter of last year, a net result of our ongoing share repurchase program. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $2.4 billion, and total debt came in at $1.7 billion, bringing us to a positive net cash position of $731 million. As of fourth quarter share repurchases, we bought 595,000 shares of our common stock for $78 million. This leaves $441 million remaining on our authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditure plus non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual non-recurring items. In the fourth quarter of 2015, free cash flow came in at $136 million after funding $24 million of capital. Excluded from this amount is approximately $3 million of investment associated with major facility expansion. This brings our full year 2015 free cash flow to $484 million. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 71 days this quarter, up three days from the fourth quarter last year and sequentially down five days from the third quarter. In the quarter, inventories declined by $18 million in comparison to the prior quarter. Looking ahead to 2016, our outlook generally assumes a continued strong foundation in our biopharmaceutical end markets and stable growth in our recurring revenues. Along with growth from TA Instruments, this will combine to help support a mid-single-digit constant currency sales increase in 2016. Currency translation at today's rates is expected to reduce 2016 sales growth by 1% and earnings per share growth by about 2%. Moving down to P&L, gross margins for the year are expected to be about equal to those in 2015 as volume-related manufacturing efficiency gains will likely be offset by the negative impact to foreign currency. We expect to manage our cost and currency operating expenses to grow at a rate that's less than our constant currency sales growth rate. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be around $29 million. We currently expect our operating tax rate to be about 14%. We do have plan to – we do plan to continue our share repurchase program through 2016 at a rate that we expect will result in an average alluded share count of around 80 million shares, 81 million shares. Rolling all this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full-year 2016 earnings per diluted share are projected to be within the range of $6.10 to $6.35. Looking at the first quarter of 2016, we are estimating that sales will grow at a rate of about 3% to 5%. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to reduce first quarter sales growth by between 1 and 2 percentage points. Rolling these factors together, we expect first quarter earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $1.17 to $1.27. Thank you. And Chris?
Christopher O'Connell: Thank you, Gene. And with that, we'll now open the phone lines for Q&A. In addition to Gene Cassis and John Lynch, Art Caputo is also joining us for the question-and-answer period. We are rarely able to get to everyone's question, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. And after the Q&A, I'll add a few closing comments. So, operator, can we please have the first question?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question came from Dan Arias. Dan, your line is now open.
Daniel Arias: Good morning, guys. Thank you. Chris or Gene, maybe if we could just start by touching on biopharma a little bit this quarter, what you saw on a global basis. Maybe next year, just looking at the way in which you're seeing growth across the different regions given the comps that you're working with. And I'm curious this quarter whether you did see any budget clutch dynamic that maybe you had not seen in previous years. Thanks.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Hey, Dan. It's Chris. Thanks for the question. I'll pick a first run at it, and Gene can add. But it's been, obviously, a key focus of ours to monitor the underlying market dynamics in biopharma, which were solid throughout the year, as we mentioned in the call in the fourth quarter, with the tough comparison this segment for us grew 6%, and then double digits for the year. Obviously, we think we're seeing a trend in the market towards a broader and more diversified pharma end market that's not nearly as concentrated in the traditional large pharmaceutical companies as it has been in the past. But we're seeing a lot of activity in the biotech world, in specialty pharma. And, obviously, our generics business, particularly in India, has been a major source of growth. Yes, the comparisons are tough, but we do anticipate that the market trends that we're seeing in every phase of the pharmaceutical market from discovery and development, all the way through QC and production, are to remain relatively stable. And so, we are going to continue to strive for good growth in this segment.
Eugene Cassis: Good. And just adding on to what Chris said and following on your question about the dynamics of sales within the quarter, I would say that as the large global pharmaceutical customer set is continuing to be a smaller percent of our overall pharmaceutical business, and as that, historically, was the group of customers where you would see this traditional end of quarter flush, it was actually less pronounced this quarter. One of the factor about the – given the large installed base in large cap pharma. That's also the customer's segment where we saw the greatest impact from the fewer selling days and the effect of that has in our recurring revenue.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Thanks for that. Appreciate that. And then, maybe just specifically on the biotech set, I mean, how much spending do you actually see that's increasing post the capital raise? I think the consensus here that those two events are correlated. But I'm just curious about the magnitude of that dynamic to the extent that it does exist. Is there something you can help us with there?
Christopher O'Connell: I don't know, Dan. I think it's hard to tease out that particular factor in the biotech sector. What I've noticed, and I've been out into the market quite a bit visiting customers, in terms of the large biotech companies as well as a number of start-up companies is there is a rush of innovation in that industry. And you probably have the statistics better than I do on R&D spending and the ramp in R&D spending in that area. But the complexity of the molecules that are being worked on in the discovery phase, the development phase continues to grow, and the demand for more characterization is there. And so, we're seeing a nice, steady trend in that area. We're also seeing our technology being adopted in new and different ways throughout the manufacturing process. For example, I was visiting a major biotech customer recently on the West Coast, and our QDa system was identified by that company as a new entrant in their quality control process to ultimately replace the peptide mapping that occurs at the end of manufacturing for quality control. So, we see a lot of opportunities as the biotech business continues to evolve.
Daniel Arias: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question came from the line of Ross Muken from ISI. Sir, your line is now open.
Ross Muken: I just want to dig in a bit on the biopharma side, maybe more so on emerging market. I know you mentioned, Chris, sort of emerging market generics, particularly India was strong. We're seeing a kind of volatility in the rupee and some of the other currencies. Just help us think through particularly on the instrument side just how we're supposed to think about demand in those verticals and maybe in euro over the balance of the year given some of those dynamics.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yeah. Let me comment, Ross, specifically on China and India as good sources of growth that I mentioned, although it is a balance, and there's other geographies in the emerging markets such as Brazil and Russia and some of the Eastern European countries that are slower that's more than being offset by China and India in particular. And when you mentioned the instrument demand, one of the differences in a market like that is we are still being driven by new placements. So, there is the traditional replacement business. There's obviously a strong recurring revenue piece particularly on chemistry consumables, the columns as well as the service piece. But we're still increasing our installed base which is a good trend because that's going to be followed by the recurring revenue streams as well. As it relates to the rupee and some of the local currencies and those types of markets, I'll have Gene comment a little bit further, but a lot of our billing is actually in dollars in those geographies. And so, we're watching that closely, but as we build those types of markets, we tend to go first in dollars and try to stick to that factor, which will lend stability to our business over time. So, really, we'll continue to focus heavily on India and China because together those two geographies are 20% of our worldwide revenue growth, and while growth always isn't in a straight line, and sometimes can be lumpy, those markets both appear to be some of our strongest long-term growth opportunities overall.
Eugene Cassis: Yeah. Just building on what Chris said – this is Gene – and thinking about the currency impact. As Chris alluded to, we transact a lot of our instrumentation business in U.S. dollars, but some of our recurring revenue streams, our columns business and our service business are contracted in local currency. So, the valuation of the currency in China and India is one of the components that we're dealing with in this currency headwind situation that we have experienced for the last couple of quarters, and that we expect to experience during the first and second quarter of next year.
Ross Muken: Great. And maybe just turning to the pricing side of things. Obviously, you had good new product momentum across the portfolio. Can you just help us understand sort of the trajectory of price capture just given again some of the volatility and maybe some of the more economically sensitive end markets were in the academic side, government side? Just help us think about across the portfolio how that's differing?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, from what I can see, Ross, the pricing continues to remain in a corridor where we're getting some modest low-single-digit type of annual price increases at the portfolio level. But Gene, do you want to add anything to that?
Eugene Cassis: Yeah. I just say that if you look at the difference in gross margins for the quarter, all of it is attributed to currency. And I would agree with Chris that what we're seeing is price stability or, in some instances, we're seeing a little bit of price increase.
Ross Muken: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question came from the line of Dan Leonard from Leerink. Sir, your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. My first question, can you elaborate a bit more on what you saw on the academic and government end markets in the fourth quarter and also what you're planning for in 2016?
Eugene Cassis: I'm sorry. Can you ask that question one more time, please?
Dan Leonard: Sure. In the fourth quarter, it sounded like you were talking that the academic and government end markets were a little weak. I was hoping you could elaborate on that given strong funding backdrop in some circumstances. And then, what's your outlook is for 2016 for those customer classes?
Eugene Cassis: Yes. If we look globally, the government and academic component of our business has been around a mid-teens percent of our business which, in comparison to the overall life science tool space, is a little bit on the light side. And if you dig a little bit more deeply into that, you find that there's a heavy component – that the heavy component of higher end mass spectrometry within that number. So, in our -from our past experience, we tend to see that business be somewhat lumpy for us. We're encouraged by the increased funding that we see for next year. And if I take a look at the results that we reported in the fourth quarter and maybe some of the slowness there, the majority of that can be accounted for by a very strong performance in the prior year.
Dan Leonard: Got it. Thank you. And then, my follow-up for Chris. Chris, can you characterize your appetite for opportunistic M&A over, call it, the next six months or year as we're heading into a slowdown and opportunities present themselves?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Happy to comment on it, Dan. As I have been very consistent all along, I see M&A as a tactic that could be employed to deliver our business strategy. We will not see M&A generally as an ongoing strategy. We're focused first on the basic strategic questions of where we want to compete and how we want to compete. And if opportunities present ourselves to make a stronger and more effective from either a product line or a channel standpoint and if we apply our rigorous financial discipline to that type of an investment, we will assess that. But there's nothing in the environment now that would accelerate our appetite for M&A per se. We're focused, first and foremost, on organic growth driven by innovation.
Dan Leonard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question came from the line of Jonathan Groberg of UBS. Sir, your line is now open.
Jonathan Groberg: Great. Thanks and congratulations on a solid end of the year. So, I don't know if Chris or Gene or Arthur, if you want to comment, but if you think about the – your mid-single-digit growth on the top line outlook for 2016, which seems reasonable given a very strong 2015, I think you're guiding only 6% EPS growth or if you exclude currency, 8% EPS growth. If we think kind of the next three to four years, Chris, as you get to know this business, do you see anything about it that should alter what the historic kind of long-term model has been in terms of how much you're going to need to invest in some of these new initiatives that you've talked about? I'm just trying to think how we should think about the long-term EPS growth model that Waters has traditionally have.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. That's a good question, Jon, and one that I look forward to engaging deeper in over time. Let me start with where you began. You're right, mid-single digit is I think a very solid outlook for this year, particularly on the strong base of 9% growth the last year and really that's based on a pretty broad set of drivers. We've talked about solid underlying market conditions whether that's in pharma or some of the geographies that we've mentioned. Certainly, the recurring revenue stream after a strong 2015 good outlook, consistent with historical trends. The new product uptake that we've talked about in terms of products launched last year but even some of the prior years. And in the mid-year, we're going to see a little bit of TA acceleration as well with their new product platform, internal analysis. And really, as we look at the year, we want to continue to focus on a number of these levers that we can pull, but also have a spending plan that really is designed to drive growth. And so as we see opportunities to take advantage of revenue growth in the market that we are positioned to take advantage of that. Obviously, the more we grow in the top-line, the more operating leverage we would feel comfortable shooting for and we're going to continue our regular share of buyback program. So, when you bake all that in, we do expect EPS leverage as you pointed out in the range you pointed out. And as I look at the long-term model, I guess, there's still a lot of work we need to do on strategy to really characterize what we think our top-line growth opportunities are. But we're going to probably stay consistently focused on trying to gain some modest array of operating leverage, while investing for growth but also that financial leverage. At this point, it's – I have not set a long-term aspiration for earnings per share growth, but we certainly want to be best-in-class and industry-leading in that regard.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks, Chris. And then just a quick follow-up, Gene, on the free cash flow, where are we in terms of the – on the CapEx that you're calling out, where are we in terms of stopping to exclude some of these incremental investments on the CapEx end?
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Thank you, Jon. Yeah. Over the last years, we have been engaged in some major facility builds and also some facility improvements. Specifically, you all recall the new mass spectrometry center in Wilmslow, UK. And over the past couple of years, we've embarked on the modernization program for our headquarters in Massachusetts. And I think that we're still in the midst of that Massachusetts upgrade. I think that 2016 will be another year of investment on that front. Obviously, the Wilmslow facility is behind us. So, as I think about capital expenditures for 2016, I think they're going to be in a similar range to 2015. And I think there's an opportunity to, maybe, see a little bit of easing on that as we move into 2017 and beyond.
Jonathan Groberg: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Christopher O'Connell: Thank you.
Eugene Cassis: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Our next question came from the line of Tim Evans of Wells Fargo Securities. Sir, your line is now open.
Tim Evans: Thank you. Sorry to beat the biotech horse here a little bit, but I do think it's important given your exposure there. Can you talk about how you think about the funding environment right now? Obviously, it's a little bit more challenging. And, obviously, you've diversified your pharma base a little bit more heavily into CRO and biotech customers. So, in your 2016 outlook, are you expecting or are you factoring in a little bit of conservatism for this more challenging funding environment? Do you think that CROs and biotech customers in particular might be a little bit more hesitant on their capital outlays?
Christopher O'Connell: Tim, yeah, that's a good question and I would say I'm still early in my process of gaining more to feel for how some of those funding patterns work, A, and B, how they affect our business. I would just caution by saying that that particular segment of our business, biotech and CROs, is a smaller portion of our overall driver. And so, even if there are modest or moderate short-term patterns of the nature you described, it's not necessarily a major driver, and obviously, we're trying to build balance in terms of our business not just tied to new funding cycles and early innovation, but development programs that are occurring throughout the entire life cycle for those companies all the way to including the production environment and the advent of the biosimilars world. We're looking to gain further insights into exactly that question you asked over the course of the year and we'll update you with what we learn.
Tim Evans: Do you think you might be able to call out say, the exposure to a combination of CROs plus unprofitable biotech? Give us some sort of close approximation of what that is as a percentage of your revenue?
Christopher O'Connell: I don't know. That's the type of question that I am trying to get out in our own strategic planning process and I'd like to go through that first before I put that type of number out to the Street.
Tim Evans: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question came from the line of Derik De Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Derik De Bruin: Hi. Good morning. Hey, so, a couple of quick questions. One, is there's obviously been some M&A in the chemical industry with Dow, DuPont, and could you talk about sort of what you're seeing in that exposure? And just some thoughts in Japan, I know it's been a tough market, and how do you think about the recovery in that market.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, Derik. It's a good question. I'd say it's too early on the M&A in the chemical industry. And we haven't really seen an impact in terms of our relatively modest position in that market from an overall mix standpoint. And really, our business in that sector is pretty broadly spread. Trying to get a read on how a large merger like that affects our businesses. It's challenging and a little bit like the effects that we see from the large pharmaceutical mergers together. The one thing I can say is that a lot of these mergers to me, and I've visited a lot of this companies through my travels, feel like they're driven by strategic reasons to actually increase the amount of innovation that those firms are able to generate while gaining efficiencies in other areas to pay for innovation. And so, we're just keeping our heads down and trying to act no differently, even though those are larger companies, and try to stay away from any defocusing with their – with what they're going through and just support them in any way we can. Gene, you want to comment a little bit on Japan?
Eugene Cassis: Oh, sure. We have a long history in Japan, Derik, and we have an excellent operation there that is able to accommodate changes in the local market. If I take a look at 2015, the growth in pharmaceutical in Japan was not stellar compared to other places around the world. However, what we did see is a nice pickup in the food safety business. And I think we have within Japan a lot of resources that can very, very nicely customize our instrumentation to the applications that are important at the time. So, we see a broad continuation of that going into 2016. There are no warning signs that we have. We're not expecting the Japanese business to contribute positively to that mid-single-digit growth rate, but we are developing a plan that does include growth in Japan.
Derik De Bruin: Great. And if I can squeeze one final one in, just I got one from a client here. So, Chris, I think you came from a more medical device company. You're now running a more cyclical business, and there's concerns about global recession going on. So, you can talk about how your sort of your background is, as you're looking at now a much more cyclical, industrial global business versus what you sort of used to at Medtronic and just sort of talk about what you're sort of doing in terms of looking at the economic implications for the business. Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Sure. Med tech is not uncyclical. I guess, I'd say there are our own cycles in med tech, and certainly, some of the businesses that I was involved in had a large capital component to them and some of the same underlying dynamics. So, I'm actually finding some perhaps more similarities than differences as I get into the life sciences tools area. But really, the big lessons from med tech, from my standpoint that I'm really trying to apply here are to continue to sharpen our focus on innovation and where maybe in the med tech world, the goal was to drive new therapies to standard of care, the goal here in our measurement business and our analytics business is to drive our technologies to standard of analysis to have very positive beneficial impacts on our customers. So, some of those underlying principles of innovation and market development are really at the forefront of my mind as we strive to continue our track record of being a strong grower.
Derik De Bruin: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question came from the line of Bryan Brokmeier from Cantor Fitzgerald. Sir, your line is now open.
Bryan Brokmeier: Hi. Good morning. Chris, as you think about your industrial business as a whole, as well as for TA by itself, how would the global recession impact your business even if the U.S. does not enter a recession itself?
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. It's a good question. And, again, the industrial sector is really about a third of our business overall and that includes industrial, chemical, food and environmental. And if you break it down from there, one of the course of that is the food safety and the food security business and that whole area is maybe can be thought about a little bit differently than the, which you might consider to be the core industrial segments. I'm still trying to get my arms around what the global recession, if you will, means for some of these end markets. Our business in these areas and particularly in TA, you mentioned TA is very, very diversified geographically and very diversified in terms of customers with very few customers that represent a significant portion of the business. And so, we're just trying to work collaboratively with these customers to make sure that they can continue their investments in our products, in their capital throughout this cycle. There undoubtedly are effects in certain end markets, certain geographies and certain customer segments but at this point in time, we are just trying to manage through that, and we'd certainly highlight any major dislocations or gaps as we see them materialize.
Bryan Brokmeier: And then, Chris, could you also elaborate on how the roles of the new members of the Executive Committee may be changing and how the decision-making process is changing?
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. So, thanks for commenting. And that we put out the press release yesterday on an organization evolution. And really, this was a carefully planned evolution as Art Caputo has contemplated retirement. And it's been a very smooth process. Art is a remarkable person. And really, the team that he's developed, the talent there is truly impressive. And so the opportunity to promote from within. So, we have a new structure that is going to enable me to be one step more hands-on. It's going to, I believe, accentuate our competitive advantages by organizing around major product groupings in terms of the platforms group and then the applied technologies group which combines our strength in chemistry service and informatics. It gives us the opportunity to have an integrated go-to market organization, sales and marketing under another leader. And really, what we're going to do is we're going to evolve into a set of operating mechanism that are very crisp and very regular in terms of enabling each of those large functional leaders to translate our strategy to execution, and to do so in a very efficient way. So, those processes are well under development. We really don't expect to miss a beat. This is a very senior and experienced leadership team in this industry, in this company. And I have a lot of faith in the structure moving forward. I'm excited about it.
Bryan Brokmeier: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question came from the line of Sung Ji Nam of Avondale. Your line is now open.
Sung Ji Nam: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Gene or maybe even Art, could you maybe talk about how the ACQUITY Arc is differentiated from the H-Class in terms of potentially target market segment application and things like that given you're talking about bridging HPLC to UPLC?
Eugene Cassis: Yes. Hello, Sung Ji. This is Gene. I'll start and then Art can add in. The ACQUITY Arc System is actually a system that's designed to accommodate methodologies that are in regulated markets that use HPLC separations technology. It's designed to be able to accommodate column lengths that are typically used in these applications but it also affords the user the opportunity to experiment with UPLC columns and see what the differences are in resolution and speed between UPLC and HPLC. What we found going to market is that there are number of customers that want to exactly replicate methodologies that were created on systems like our Alliance and we've designed the ACQUITY Arc to be able to seamlessly translate a method from a system like the Alliance LC System to the ACQUITY Arc System. So, that is the primary difference. The H-Class is designed with componentry and with a fluidic path that's more targeted to those people who are going to move methodology from HPLC to UPLC rather than the audience of the Arc that may want to continue for a prolonged period of time to use an HPLC methodology. And Art, is there...
Arthur Caputo: Yeah. I think Gene has done a great job of explaining the capabilities of the Arc. Maybe I could just add an additional flavor. Realizing that our business – a large portion of our business goes into the regulated environment pharmaceutical industry, biopharmaceutical industry, traditionally and over a long period of time, as we put in our innovation strategies, we get a mind to evolving our positions as opposed to revolutionizing them, so we have continuity. The ACQUITY platform is over a dozen years old now. And as that strategy was designed, it was designed to evolve. And at each – every several – every couple of years, what we did was examine its penetration into the business. And whether it was the original ACQUITY, going to the H class, going to the Arc and the other iterations, what you find is that we maintain a very current innovation position by watching how the market responds, how the competition responds. And the Arc is a very surgical position that we incorporated last year which took advantage of what we thought as the market moving and evolving in the presence of ACQUITY. So, the Arc has proven to be highly successful and that it wouldn't exist – that statement probably wouldn't exist if ACQUITY didn't exist. And so – and I think that the interesting thing is that you will see continued evolutions of this technology because it's a very powerful platform. And it – and the customer base continues to respond as if it was introduced yesterday. So that's it.
Christopher O'Connell: Good. Well, thanks, Art and Gene. Next question. I think we have time for a few more.
Operator: Our next question came from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro: Good morning, guys. Thank you. First question for you was on new products. I know, I don't want to try and front run some of the new introductions you may have later this year at the various conferences but I was curious if you could maybe talk at a higher level about what contribution to organic growth you expect from new products this year? I know you mentioned pricing in your other comments but I was kind of looking at the opportunities set this year from the standpoint of internal innovation and new products? Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. And Isaac, as I think about new products and given the pattern of how new products are introduced, I do take a little bit of a longer view than just those introduced this coming year. We will have some new products this year that we are not in a position to announce yet, that we'll just add to our portfolio. But with the way I think about it is the uptake of products that have been, that are early in their cycle and certainly the ones to highlight the build upon our traditional platforms of Alliance and ACQUITY would be the QDa mass detector that we've talked about, that's a couple of years in the market but really on a pretty steep curve, as well as the TQ-S, XevoTQ-S micro, which has really turned into kind of a work force product in mass spec applications particularly in applied markets like food and environmental. And then the ACQUITY Arc, which Gene and Art just talked quite a bit about and now the latest one is the Vion IMS QTof that's really going to bring new dimensions to defining resolution in the marketplace. And so, I'm looking at those four products, for example plus some other things for later this year and certainly expect those to be incremental growth drivers above what you might model to be an expected market growth rate of our core platforms in Alliance and ACQUITY. In terms of putting a very specific number on that, I guess, I am still early in my process in terms of understanding what type of statements we want to make and goals we want to set for the contribution of new products. But it's going to be a continuing theme every year. We added several points last year, and I expect that it'll be – that category of newer products will continue to be accretive to our core growth rate.
Isaac Ro: Okay. That's helpful. And then, maybe a question on R&D spend, if I just look at the numbers this quarter, it does look like a modest sequential deceleration, and I know it's relatively small numbers on an absolute basis, but I'm curious if you could talk a little bit about how we should think about the trend in R&D spend as you think about investing in new projects. Are there other projects where you're sort of allocating dollars away to fund new initiatives? I'm just curious kind of about how that all adds up to sort of the total spend.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. No. That's a good question and it's something I'm laser-focused on because innovation is my number one priority in terms of our growth model. And, really, obviously, trying to get my arms around the overall R&D portfolio and the productivity of it and how we allocate resources to the most promising growth initiatives. But 2015 was a really big year for R&D. We increased R&D spending, M&A has reported basis of 10%, then upwards of mid-teens on a constant currency basis. And that brings our R&D spending up closer almost to the 6% type of level on total revenue. But also, keep in mind, we have a significant service portfolio, which doesn't have the classic R&D spending, if you will. So, really, R&D spending could be thought of as a little bit higher than that. In the coming year, I expect, we'll increase R&D spending slightly faster than revenue, probably not as faster than revenue as it was in 2015, because we want to make sure that we can be as productive as we possibly can. But it's really, in terms of the evaluation of when and where to accelerate it, it comes down to a portfolio set of decisions. And I look forward to giving you some more detail over the course of the year as I get my arms further around that portfolio allocation and where I see the better opportunities in the portfolio.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Thanks a bunch.
Operator: Our next question came from the line of Doug Schenkel or Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, good morning, guys. So, I want to take a shot at two topics. The first on the quarter, the second really related to guidance. So, in a quarter where you, guys, had a tough comparing days working against, your recurring revenue was arguably better than what one would have expected. Generally speaking, this was a solid quarter. That said, it does seem like Waters Division and instrument sales were a bit lighter than might have been expected even recognizing the days impact because that typically doesn't impact capital as much, and you did seem to have strong momentum heading into the quarter. So, I just want to make sure that instrument sales at the end of the quarter were as you expected in that bookings heading into 2016, were okay as expected.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Sure, Doug. I think it's a fair question to always wonder about the different components. I would say everything we saw throughout the quarter was within a range of what we expected. And there's always different dynamics at different points in the quarter, but I wouldn't call it anything unusual as it relates to order bookings and what the book looks like coming into this year.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. And my sense it's that while many investors were expecting guidance to come in below where sell-side consensus estimate is at heading into today, I do think it's fair to say that EPS guidance is below even metered expectations. Can you characterize how we should think about the error bars around guidance? Is it fair to say the bias is more to the upside versus risk to the downside? And you've talked a bit about how much R&D spend is factored into guidance for the year pursuant to things like health science. Should we view this as the beginning of a multiyear period of enhanced investment to drive some of these growth initiatives? Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Hi, Doug. Why don't I just start on that? If I take a look at the spending in the base year, 2015, I think what you saw is us ramp spending across the year, ramp spending up on the SG&A side, more on the S side and on the R&D side. And that's just in response to what we have seen as a very healthy end market. And that includes 2014 as well as 2015. And so, as we enter 2016, we are going to start the year off comparing against expenses earlier in the year that were not as high as they were at the end of the year. So, from that regard, it's a little bit of tougher base of comparison. We also know that in our business, the second half of the year is more impactful in terms of sales than the first half of the year. And frankly, it's further away. We look at the mid-single-digit top line growth as something that's very reasonable given the strength that we had in 2015, delivering a high-single – almost a 10% growth rate for the company. So, hopefully, we believe that we have a spending plan that will support a stronger top-line growth rate, but at this point, so early in the year, it doesn't make sense to anticipate that demand will create another top-line performance as we had in 2015. So, we're giving guidance with a high degree of confidence that these are numbers that are achievable, even if not everything materializes in a positive direction.
Eugene Cassis: Yeah. And Doug, I'd just add to that, your question on R&D and multi-year investments and so forth. Just to reiterate that our current R&D spending really reflects our core opportunities with only a modest contribution to some of the new markets like health sciences, and it's certainly, I think, premature to infer the this is the beginning of a new phase of investment philosophy. Investment in the business is going to stem from our strategic planning process. At this point, it's steady as she goes in terms of our traditional focus on our core while seeding some new market opportunities. But to the extent there's a shift in terms of how we want to allocate that portfolio in terms of new market opportunities, we'll have that dialogue in a very transparent way.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. That's super helpful Chris and Gene. Thank you.
Eugene Cassis: Thanks, Doug.
Christopher O'Connell: I think we have more time for one more call, John.
Eugene Cassis: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question came from the line of Jeff Elliott of Robert Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Elliott: Yeah. Thanks for sneaking me in here. First one, Chris, I guess, can you talk about the strength that TA had to end last year and how that can carry-forward into 2016. And then a clarification for Gene, can you talk about the selling day impact you had in the fourth quarter and what you expect from selling days in the first quarter? Thanks.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Jeff, to comment on TA, we did see a nice acceleration at the year, and TA, that's really a broad-based variety of factors. And one element of which is some of the more newly-acquired businesses that we picked up over the course of the year and the prior years as we build capacity. As you know, one of the elements of the TA business model is to do small tuck-in acquisitions that are under-resourced in terms of the previous companies they were in, and it takes us a little bit of time sometimes to build up that capacity, and we saw some of that towards the end of the year. And really, as we look to 2016, we do see some carry forward there to your point. But also the main event in 2016 for TA is the midyear launched of the new discovery series, thermal analysis family. It's an exciting new product platform that'll really pave the way for the next level of evolution of that product line and solid growth for the next couple of years. So, we're excited about that. Gene, there was one for you.
Eugene Cassis: Oh, yes. You were talking – Jeff, you had asked about the effect of the days.
Jeff Elliott: Yeah. In both fourth quarter and first quarter.
Eugene Cassis: Yes. In the fourth quarter, the selling day issue affects the recurring revenues in a more understandable than it does the capital sales business. And, in general, the loss of a selling day typically results in about a percentage loss of growing revenue. So, if you have four or less selling days and the recurring revenues make up about half your business, it's easy to quantify a couple of points and associate it with the selling days. In addition and it's harder to quantify, it does have some impact on the capital expenditures also. But I would say it's 2 plus percentage points of growth is a good way to think about it. And as we think about the first quarter of this year, you might recall we're comparing against a 15% constant currency growth in the first quarter of last year. So, it's a tough base of comparison, but in terms of selling days, there is one less selling day in the first quarter of 2016. So, using that same mathematics that we did to quantify the effect of selling days on the fourth quarter, that would equate to about 50 basis points of headwind associate with selling days, so not so meaningful, but one of the factors why we were a little bit more conservative on the first quarter growth rate than we are on the full year. Does that help?
Jeff Elliott: It does. Thank you.
Eugene Cassis: Thank you.
Christopher O'Connell: Good. Well, we're out of time. We're slightly overtime. So, I just want to conclude the call. Thank you, everybody, for your great questions. I've certainly enjoyed getting to know many of you so far and look forward to a continuing productive dialogue. So, on behalf of our entire management team at Waters, I'd to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters, and we look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q1 2016 call which we currently anticipate holding on April 26, 2016. Thank you everybody and have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Lynch - Vice President, Investor Relations Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer Arthur G. Caputo - President-Water Division & Executive VP
Analysts: Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dan L. Leonard - Leerink Partners LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ross Muken - Evercore ISI Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Bryan Paul Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Lynch, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Lynch - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Well, good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I will cover the cautionary language. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for the fourth quarter and full year 2015. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for January 2016. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP financials, included again in this morning's press release. Unless we say otherwise, references to quarterly results increasing or decreasing are in comparison to the third quarter of fiscal year 2014. In addition, unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue growth rates, including revenue growth ranges given on today's call, are given on a comparable constant currency basis, which at this time generally adjusts for the negative effect of foreign currency translation. Now it gives me great pleasure to introduce Waters' new Chief Executive Officer, Chris O'Connell, as he participates on his first Waters quarterly earnings call. Chris?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am thrilled to be at Waters and look forward to sharing my transition goals and some of my early experiences and observations. But since my first priority is to ensure strong quarterly operating results, I would like to start by reviewing Waters' third quarter performance. I am pleased to report that Q3 was another strong quarter where our employees around the world executed and delivered positive results. Overall revenues were up 9% in the third quarter, a growth rate that demonstrates the continued strong business momentum we have seen throughout 2015; and through the first nine months of 2015, revenues were up 11%. Our robust growth was led by strong demand for Waters Division core products and services in the broad-based life science sector. As we have seen in recent quarters, our pharmaceutical growth came from smaller specialty and generic customers as well as from clinical labs. As I will detail in a few minutes, we also benefited from balanced geographical growth with particular strength in the U.S., Europe, India, and China. Now let's dive deeper by taking a look at the Waters Division performance. Revenues for the Waters Division were up 9%, with sales to our broadly defined global pharmaceuticals segment up 10% in the quarter and 13% year-to-date. Globally, government and academic business was flat in the quarter against a strong performance in 2014, with strong growth in the U.S. offsetting declines in certain emerging markets. Sales to the food, environmental, and industrial chemical markets also performed well in the quarter, growing at a mid-teens rate. From a product line standpoint, our (4:45) platform sales grew at a 10% rate in the quarter, including meaningful contributions from both the ACQUITY and Alliance families. Demand was strongest for our benchtop LC and LC-MS instruments used in broad-based life science applications. The strong demand for LC-MS instruments, including our ACQUITY QDa Detector, demonstrates the impact of our goal to expand the adoption of mass spectrometry to the larger liquid chromatography market. Growth for high-resolution mass spectrometry in the quarter was challenged by tough comparisons to prior-year. Looking forward, we are seeing building interest for our new Vion IMS QTof platform, introduced at this year's ASMS Conference. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chemistry consumables, grew 8% in the quarter. Waters Service business was generally strong across all major geographies, with contracted service plan revenue driving much of the growth. On the chemistry front, the column portion of our broader chemistry business benefited from strong pharmaceutical demand in both research and quality control laboratories. The continued growth of Waters ACQUITY installed base is an increasingly meaningful driver of growth for our chemistry product lines as we garner high attachment rates with our UPLC platforms. We will continue to (6:05) offerings to maintain our competitive edge and fuel our growth. Staying within the Waters Division, I now want to cover performance from a geographic (6:14) in comparison to the (6:19) performance in the prior year. Growth was generally strong across most end markets, with pharmaceutical and academic sales up double digits. Our European sales grew 9% in the quarter. Pharmaceutical sales were up in the mid-single digits while government and academic business grew at strong double-digit rates. And just as we saw in the second quarter, strong growth in Western Europe was partially offset by weakness in Eastern Europe. (6:44 – 6:53) including the government and institutions. Sales (6:59 – 7:04) government and university customers as well as increased demand from chemical end markets. In India, we saw continued (7:08) double-digit sales growth driven by demand from generic drug companies for LC instruments, services, columns, and networked information systems. Impressively, India growth was against a very strong performance in prior-year result. Shifting gears, I'd like to make a few comments on our TA Instruments division. Global sales for TA were up 2% in the quarter. Geographically, sales were strongest in the U.S. and China, with declines in Europe and Japan against tough comparisons. Year-to-date sales at TA were up in the mid-single digits. Now I'd like to comment on what's ahead for our business. In just a moment Gene Cassis will provide financial guidance. However, what's impressive to me is that our recent growth trends have been driven by strong and steady demand for our core products and broad-based solutions, including instrument platforms, services, and chemistries. These trends suggest sustainable growth. I'm also excited about the impact we're seeing from recently launched new products, such as the Vion IMS QTof system that I mentioned earlier, as well as the ACQUITY Arc System introduced in the third quarter. In addition, I am encouraged by our promising new product pipeline under development. Looking at TA (8:19) fourth quarter, our business (8:21) pipeline appears to be strengthening, and we expect moderately stronger and more geographically balanced sales growth as we close out the year. On the capital allocation front, we plan to continue to prioritize focused investments that strengthen and expand our core product offerings and technologies. I expect that our investment in internal R&D programs will yield impactful new products for both Waters and TA Instruments divisions that will enhance our tradition of technological leadership. Finally on the financials, Waters has a strong balance sheet and we anticipate continued strong free cash flow. As a central component of our capital allocation strategy, we anticipate continuing our well-established share repurchase program. Before turning it over to Gene for a deeper review on the financials, I would like to share some of my initial perspectives as CEO and a few of my priorities during our transition period. First and foremost, I want to acknowledge and thank my predecessor and our current Chairman, Doug Berthiaume, as well as the entire Waters leadership team. By any measure, Waters is a remarkable success, and Doug and the Waters team are to be commended for creating such a strong and sustainable franchise. The business is built on a strong foundation of customer focus and technological depth, and the organization represents a very special blend of expertise and passion. I have seen this powerful culture in our meeting rooms as well as in our customers' laboratories. Throughout my first two months, the Waters team has demonstrated exceptional professionalism and enthusiasm for me and our exciting days ahead. From my vantage point, our strong execution in the third quarter is evidence of the team's excellence and gives me confidence for continuing positive results. As for my transition, I am focused on a well-developed plan that is built around four priorities. My first priority is to lead the team in its efforts to deliver strong 2015 results. This began by leveraging existing mechanisms to deliver Q3 and will continue throughout Q4 so that we can optimize results for 2015 overall. Second, I have embarked on a rigorous program to engage broadly in the organization. I am meeting with and learning from our senior leaders as well as a wide range of employees. This has included every department in Milford, multiple sites in the U.S., and planned visits for our European operations later this month, as well as Asia in early 2016. Third, I'm accelerating my learning through a comprehensive briefing program to allow me to more deeply understand our technologies and our markets. An important part of this is to understand our business from the eyes of our customers. I've already been in the field multiple times and will continue to be active and visible with key customers on a monthly basis. Fourth, I am focused on preparing for 2016. Starting in September has given me the opportunity to actively participate in our planning processes as we set priorities and objectives for what we anticipate will be another productive year. Now I would like to hand the call over to Gene Cassis, Waters' CFO, for a review of our financials and further comments on our future outlook. Gene?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Chris, and good morning. In the third quarter our revenues came in at $501 million, an increase of 9% before currency translation, which reduced sales growth in the quarter by 7%, resulting in 2% reported sales growth. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 3% to $1.42 in comparison to earnings of $1.38 last year. On a year-to-date basis, our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 12% to $3.94 in comparison to earnings of $3.51 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.40 versus $1.34 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached in our press release issued this morning. Looking at our growth geographically and before foreign currency effects, U.S. sales were up 13%, Europe was up 7%, Japan was up 1%, and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 14% with strong demand in India and China. On the product front and within the Waters Division, instrument sales increased by 10%, and our recurring revenues grew by 8%. In all, Waters Division sales were up 9%. For our TA Instruments division, as Chris had mentioned, sales increased by 2%. Now I'd like to comment on our third quarter's non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins for the quarter were 58.7%, compared with 59% in the prior year's quarter. Year-to-date gross margins are 58.5% versus 57.9% in the prior year's first three quarters. Moving down the P&L, SG&A expenses were flat as reported. However, factoring in the positive effects of foreign currency on expenses, SG&A grew in the quarter as we funded product introductions and additional field head count to ensure customer support. R&D expenses increased by 13% as reported due to our ongoing spending associated with new product development and incremental investments related to our health science initiative. On the tax front. Our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 12.4%. For the full year 2015 we expect our operating tax rate to be around 13.5%, and in this projection we have not assumed a reestablishment of the U.S. R&D tax credit. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6 million and our average share count came in at 82.8 million shares or approximately 1.6 million shares lower than in the third quarter last year, this being a result of our ongoing share repurchase program. Turning to the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments totaled $2.3 billion and debt totaled $1.6 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of $680 million. As for third quarter share repurchases, we bought 665,000 shares of our common stock for $84 million. This leaves $520 million remaining on our authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditure, plus non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. In the third quarter of 2015 free cash flow came in at $114 million after funding $25 million of capital. Excluded from this amount is approximately $2 million of an investment associated with a major facility expansion. This brings our year-to-date 2015 free cash flow to $384 million, as compared to $324 million for the first three quarters of 2014. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 76 days this quarter, an increase of three days from the third quarter of the prior year. In the quarter, inventories increased by $9 million as compared to the end of the second quarter of 2015. This increase reflects a normal seasonal pattern. As we begin to think about our expectations for the fourth quarter of 2015, and in consideration of a challenging quarterly comparison and fewer selling days, we anticipate constant currency sales growth to come in at around 4% or 5%. Currency translation at today's rates would likely reduce sales growth by about 5%. Moving down the P&L, we expect gross margin percent for the fourth quarter to sequentially improve from the third quarters and approach 60%. Operating expenses will continue to be carefully controlled, and will grow moderately from those in the prior year's quarter as we continue to fund R&D initiatives. Moving below the operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $7 million, and we expect our operating tax rate to come in at around 13.5%. Rolling all these figures together, we anticipate non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share within a range of $1.89 to $1.99. This is for the fourth quarter. Combining this fourth quarter outlook with the results of the first nine months of 2015, we now anticipate full year 2015 constant currency sales growth of about 8% to 9%, and adjusted fully diluted earnings per share in the range of $5.83 to $5.93. Chris?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Gene. And with that, we are going to open up the phone lines for Q&A. In addition to Gene Cassis and John Lynch, Art Caputo, Executive Vice President and President of the Waters Division, is also joining us for the question-and-answer period. We're rarely able to get to everyone's questions, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. And after Q&A, I will add a few closing comments. So Ashley, if you could please tee up the first question?
Operator: Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Jon Groberg from UBS. Sir, your line is now open.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Hi, Jon.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, Chris. Congratulations on joining Waters and for a solid start to your tenure there. Can you maybe just give us a little bit of an expectation? You highlighted some of the things you're engaged in initially and your four points that you're focused on. When do you think is a reasonable expectation for us to have when you feel like you might fully have your arms around Waters and give an update on your strategic view for the firm?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks, Jon, a lot. I look forward to meeting you and everyone else. As I mentioned, I'm focused on a very rigorous onboarding process and obviously I had the chance to study Waters quite a bit in the time leading up to my starting. And as I mentioned, my first priority is to assure continuing strong operating performance. Obviously, I'm also spending a lot of time understanding the industry and the competition, and really truly what differentiates Waters so that as we build a strategic plan, it will be truly distinctive and something that will enable future sustainable growth. I anticipate a strategic planning process over the course of the next coming year, and as we engage, I expect that conversation to develop in terms of what we're able to say at what point in time. There are a lot of great possibilities for this company. The opportunities to grow are many. I'm focused on leading the team to help make the best possible choices we can over that time period to assure the best returns for our shareholders.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And this is a quick follow-up. Obviously, the topic de jour is in pharma. You mentioned another solid quarter in your biopharma broadly defined, including spec pharma. Are you seeing any, given some of the dislocations you've seen in some of those markets, are you hearing anything from customers or seeing anything in that end market that would make you a little more cautious as you move into 2016? Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks. In terms of the pharma business – and again, I'm new and getting to know these customers and hearing from them, and so I'll develop my instincts over time – but I just start by saying, I'm proud that we have a big core position in pharma. As you know, it's our core business. It's been our innovation driver for many years. Some of the most sophisticated users are in the pharma segment and that leads to solutions in a variety of others. But one of my early observations, Jon, is that we're also seeing this sector change over time. Of course, the large established pharmaceutical companies have been doing better, have improved pipelines. But we are far less reliant on that category of large established pharmaceutical companies than we were in the past. In fact, a lot of our growth now is coming from, as I mentioned in the comments, a specialty form of biotech generics and CROs. We also have a nice trend, I think in our pharma business of geographic diversity, where we're seeing greater contributions from different parts of the word. Really, underlying all of this are (21:38) a push for new analytical methods, as you know (21:41 – 21:46) opportunity to participate in every phase, from discovery to (21:48 – 21:57) model to continue to pursue as our main focus.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: All right, thanks. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ms. Amanda Murphy from William Blair. Ma'am, your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, Amanda? Are you there?
Operator: Hello, Ms. Murphy, if you are on mute, please check your mute button and unmute your line.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Apologies for that. Sorry about that. Welcome, Chris. I just had a quick question on the QDa. That adoption has been quite impressive, actually. I'm just curious, number one, how much did that add to revenue and I'm not sure if you can quantify exactly but I think you had talked to a percent or so. Is that still the case? And then I think that's been really sort of an add-on product, so I'm curious if you could give us a sense of how much of your install base has adopted that step platform at this point. Just trying to get a sense of how much run-rate you have there.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks for the question on QDa and pointing out that this particular product, this mass detector that integrates into LC is a really neat product because, like I said in the script, it has mass spec capability to the broader LC base. We think we're pretty early in the process. This product was just launched in the last year, and, as you know, product launches in this business sometimes really take multiple years to find their full effect; and so while QDa clearly did enhance our growth in the quarter, and has over the past few quarters, we're not going to quantify specifically what those numbers are. We think we still have a long way to go on QDa and expect it to be one of our core drivers for next year. Gene, would you like to add anything to that?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: No. I think that covers it very well, Chris.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. And then on the recurring revenue side, obviously that growth has been quite strong as well and you've had some new products launched there. So in terms of thinking about that longer term, is that still going to be high single-digit growth for some time? I think it even got above that over the past couple of quarters.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: It's a good question. And I tell you, as I've gotten in and studied the business model, I'm very impressed by this recurring revenue stream. And obviously that consists of our service and our chemistry. And I've already been diving deep and looking for ways to create as robust of a recurring revenue stream as we can. One of the things that's driving our growth, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, is that with our ACQUITY platform we see much higher attachment rates with our own chemistries than with the overall install base. And so as ACQUITY continues to gain traction and we have more platforms of ACQUITY on the marketplace, I'd also point to ACQUITY Arc as another big launch for the year that's having a big impact. You know we expect to see steady and predictable contribution from the chemistries business. And obviously, chemistries continues as a category to be a big focus of our innovation as well in what we're trying to do there. On the service side, you know we obviously continue to prioritize that area. The team has made some great strides in terms of putting even more focus on the services business with enhanced management focus. And also if you look at developing markets or emerging markets like Asia and particularly China and India, our service business tends to be a lot more embryonic. And so another factor underlying our confidence in our service line is the increasing participation of the service business model in some of those geographies.
Amanda L. Murphy - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks very much.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mr. Brandon Couillard from Jefferies. Sir, your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Chris, I realize this might be a little bit early, but was curious if you could give us a sense of how you view the capital allocation at Waters and whether you think there's room for a dividend to become a greater priority in the future.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Brandon. I think it is too early for a conversation like that. You know, my first priority has been to understand the capital allocation strategy. Obviously, I really like the focus of the company around deploying capital internally against R&D and organic growth opportunities. And that's absolutely our first priority is to do everything we can to develop strategies and enhance our strategies to maximize the impact of our core business and the performance of our core business. And as you know, one of the other capital allocation strategies has been the well-established share-repurchase program, which is steady as she goes and a continued focus of the company. Obviously as I get into this, questions of capital allocation will be addressed and everything will start with first a question around our strategy and our long-term direction, and then all of the other factors of running our business to follow.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Understood. And a quick one for Gene is in terms of the fourth quarter guidance, can you qualify exactly what you're embedding for a budget flush effect here at the end of the year? And if you could quantify the impact of the fewer days, that would be helpful.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Brandon. You know the – I'll start with the effect of fewer days. Typically, it's much more meaningful for our recurring revenue business. And what we saw in the first quarter of this year, we had benefited from extra selling days. And we had between a 2% and 3% benefit to our top line during that quarter. And we think that the effect of fewer selling days in the fourth quarter will be comparable, so a couple of percent. If I think about the potential impact of budget flushes in the fourth quarter, I think we've been conservative on that front. We've been looking more at the momentum of our business coming into the fourth quarter. The whole issue of budget flush has been a bigger focus when you consider our large cap pharmaceutical segment of our business. And as Chris had mentioned earlier in this call, that's becoming a less meaningful percentage of our business. So I think when you consider the guidance for the fourth quarter, I would not bake into that the assumption that we are assuming that we are going to have a meaningful flush.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Super. Thank you.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Anything else?
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: No. That's good.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mr. Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Sir, your line is now open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Good morning, guys. And welcome, Chris. My first question is on, really, operating spend. Earlier in the decade in periods of uncertainty Waters occasionally held back on investment in commercial infrastructure until visibility improved. In the midst of what has been a strong period of revenue growth that goes back through eight of the last nine quarters, I'm just wondering if you've been able to reinvest in your commercial reach, and maybe even opportunistically pull forward investment in areas that would position you better to take advantage of some of the growth opportunities that you see heading into next year. It's clear that R&D investment has been ramping. But it's less clear at the SG&A line, at least on a reported basis, recognizing that there is some pretty pronounced FX impact there. So just wondering how you're feeling about your current commercial infrastructure and how we should think about investment there heading into the end of the year and beyond?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks, Doug, for the question. And I'll give you a couple perspectives and then see if Gene would like to add anything. And you're right; I think you asked the question well. Our first focus is to ensure that we have top line organic growth momentum, and when we're in that period and we have good visibility to continuing momentum we want to make sure we're making the proper investments; and as you point out, we have been increasing our investment in R&D. That's a combination between investing in our core business, our core product lines where we've got a strong pipeline, as I mentioned, but also applying investment to some potentially exciting new growth areas like the health sciences. From an SG&A standpoint and sales force, I'm still obviously getting my arms around the commercial organization. It's a very efficient, very experienced commercial organization that's impressive in terms of its depth of expertise and the credibility it has with our customers. I've seen that first hand as I've gone out into the field and I come from a strong commercial background myself and, obviously, will be very focused on making sure that our team in the field has everything it needs to succeed in the changing environment. In the quarter, certainly I would say there was a bit of a catch-up on some of that spending and in growth investments in the commercial organization. Obviously, we try to balance getting modest SG&A leverage over time. In the quarter, SG&A spending grew on a constant-currency basis about the level of revenue. But for the first nine months in total, SG&A grew at a slight discount so (32:05) of the year, but we're also making sure that we catch up on that spending and make sure that our team has everything they need to sustain the top line as we head into the next year. Gene?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Chris. I think that sums up the situation where we are today. I just wanted to add that if you begin to look at our expectations for the full year, I think what you'll find is that the typical SG&A leverage that we generate from this business that is characterized by growing our top line one or two points faster on an organic or constant-currency basis than our SG&A, I think that will materialize as we look at full year 2015.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Doug?
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Yes, thank you. And then maybe if I could just ask one more. The commentary on the pharma end market was really encouraging. Heading into Q4 and next year, the comparisons in this end market clearly get a lot tougher. It's great to hear that it doesn't sound like you're seeing any change in the underlying dynamics of that market. That said, it does seem like your growth is increasingly dependent on smaller specialty and generic labs. These might be more dependent on equity market conditions. And just mathematically the comparisons are pretty tough. Recognizing that it sounds things are – like things are very good, do you think it's prudent for us to be thinking that there should be some moderation in growth in this end market relative to what we've seen over the last year-and-a-half to two years? Thank you.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Doug, just maybe a couple more comments, and without repeating some of the themes earlier, but I think you picked up well on our intent and really the reality of our pharma end market transforming over time to a much broader base in terms of some of those smaller players geographically. And of course you're right. It will be a tougher comparison next year. But we're not letting tougher comparisons get in our way of continuing to plan for success in these markets. And we're going through that planning process now. We obviously have a nice combination of new products in the market. But also, as mentioned earlier, that strong recurring revenue stream is a key stabilizing force and a follow-on to a lot of the products that have been successfully introduced and, of course, to continue to emphasize the new product potential. Our team is working hard to be very responsive to the changing needs of this marketplace and the broadening of that marketplace, as we mentioned earlier. And you know, what I'm trying to learn is just all the different dimensions of this pharmaceutical and broader life science end markets, consisting of large players, the smaller specialty biotech and generics companies, as well as the lab opportunities. So it's a good question. I look forward to a continuing dialogue on this with you.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. All very helpful.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Matt Mishan from KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. And welcome, Chris.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I guess my question about sustainability of demand was just asked. I'll ask in a different way maybe. Heading into 2016 is there a new product pipeline that's maybe a little bit more robust than it was this year that could help you keep more consistent growth going into next year?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Matt. Appreciate the question. And we've touched on a couple elements of this, so maybe I'll try to wrap it into a more complete answer on the product side. Like I mentioned, we're getting nice performance out of our core base. I think one of the neat things from my perspective is it's not just one product here, one product there. If you look at our core chromatography business, we're really getting a nice portfolio effect right now of ACQUITY, Alliance and then some of the new products. The QDa was mentioned, the ACQUITY Arc, which is kind of a mid-range system. We're getting nice performance out of our super critical fluid separations and extraction business, and a number of these, including some of the newer launches like Arc and QDa and then Vion, when it really hits the marketplace, will be product launches that will have a bigger impact than just in one quarter or one year. And without getting too specific, the team is very focused and I am really trying to reinforce the continuation of the steady drumbeat of new technologies and separations in mass spectrometry, in chemistries that continue to enhance the performance of the systems but also to enable the development of new work flows and applications for more specific needs in the marketplace. So that's probably how I'd sum up the product strategy at this point after two months. And look forward to learning more and continuing to demonstrate the great innovation machine that I think we have here.
Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just one last quick one for me; if renewed, what would the R&D tax credit add to EPS?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Maybe, Gene, why don't you answer that one?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Oh sure. I think that the R&D tax credit has the potential to benefit EPS by $0.02 or $0.03.
Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: All right. Thank you, Gene.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Derik Bruin from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Sir, your line is now open.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. And welcome, Chris. A couple of questions; so what was the impact of FX on the gross margin and to EPS?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Gene, why don't you get the details on the gross margin there?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Thank you, Derik. When you look at the effects of foreign currency translation, historically we've focused on the euro, the yen, and sometimes the British pound as the major currencies that influence our business. I think one of the things that was surprising in the quarter that we're reporting on now is that we had some pretty significant moves of currencies that are secondary currencies for the company, including the real of Brazil, and the Australian dollar, Canadian dollar all moved against us. And we had a much more meaningful impact reflected in the gross margin line because we really have no cost of goods sold and we have very efficient distribution operations in those countries. So we had approximately 190 basis points of FX headwind. Now, fortunately, that was offset by gross margin tailwinds associated with higher shipment volumes and favorable product mix. So it was actually pretty meaningful. It's interesting that gross margins did not come out too far from where we anticipated, but the way we arrived there was a combination of much more significant FX headwinds offset largely by favorabilities on mix and volume.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. That's very helpful, Gene. And just one final question; could you give a little bit more color about China growth, net market and booking? Thanks.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Derik, maybe let me just make a quick comment on China and then see if Gene wants to add anything else. But I'm very interested in the China business. I'm very impressed, to be honest, with the size of the China business and the length of time that Waters has been present in China, the credibility that we have there, and the foundation, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, on both private and government business. And as you may know from my background, I've got a lot of experience operating in China. I tend to take a long-term view of China. I'm pleased that in the quarter we had strong growth, double-digit growth, and the one thing we all know about China is not everything is on a straight line. But for us to become the preeminent global company in this space we will prioritize a leading position in China. Underlying demand approximated the sales growth and we continue to see relatively stable demand out of China. I'm going to be in China in early 2016 and look forward to diving a little deeper and understanding this market even better. But I am encouraged by the franchise we have in China and, for that matter, in some of our other big emerging markets like India. Gene?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: I think that summarizes it very well, Chris.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard from Leerink. Your line is now open.
Dan L. Leonard - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you. I was hoping perhaps you could elaborate on trends in Japan by end market, and also remind us of what your business mix looks like in Japan by end market?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dan. Japan, let me make a quick comment on Japan. And again I have not had the opportunity yet to visit Japan, but I will early in 2016. Japan represents about 8% of Waters' sales overall. It's more of a modest growth business, moderate kind of mid-single-digit type of business, a very well-established, loyal customer base. Very profitable businesses, as many Japanese businesses are in the instruments and device world, and as mentioned before, we had good business in the government and academic markets there in the quarter. So I think it's a very stable situation and a position of strength. But Gene, do you want to add anything more on Japan?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Chris, I think that summarizes it well, but I would just say that in the second quarter – I'm sorry, in the third quarter, we had a tough base of comparison in the pharmaceutical segment of our Japanese market in that in the prior-year we had some very successful large orders for informatics systems that did not, obviously, repeat in the third quarter. So I think that the underlying demand in Japan is actually healthier than the 2% constant-currency growth rate suggests, and we're very encouraged by the strength of government and academic spending as well as our industrial and applied market spending in Japan, and that is encouraging for the fourth quarter.
Dan L. Leonard - Leerink Partners LLC: And then for my follow-up, and maybe this question is six months too early, but Chris, can you talk about how much you might be willing to dilute the margin structure of Waters with either organic or inorganic investments?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think that type of question is certainly premature in my process to understand our overall P&L and our investment strategy for the future. Again, I'm trying to focus on the fundamentals of understanding what makes this business go, and make sure I'm doing everything I can to ensure continued strong performance. You know, a strategic look at the business will increasingly become a focus. Our goal is to develop a very sustainable, robust business that's delivering for the long term. I know that's not saying too much but I look forward to engaging in all those topics in the future.
Dan L. Leonard - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning and thank you, guys. Chris, just want to start with a question about your prepared comments on the end markets. I thought you said that EU academic was up double digits. Is that right? And if so, could you just put come color on that? It's obviously well above trend.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Yeah. We did say that. The European – on a constant currency basis, the European business was up 9% with strength in that particular area. And obviously, we're seeing a lot of demand for many of our research products in that area. And maybe Gene can say a little bit more about what's happening in that sector in more depth.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I would say, Isaac, that the business that we have in academia is weighted towards our higher-end mass spectrometry product offerings, and it tends to be a little bit more lumpy. So one of the things about the third quarter performance is that we were comparing against a favorable base of comparison in the prior year, and that's somewhat the nature of our performance in that sector.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just a bigger-picture question for Chris. Obviously Waters has a great track record as a company for being pretty efficient, everything from margins to cash flow into the great tax rate. So if you bring a different set of experiences from Medtronic. I'm curious if, in your short time so far, if you can point to any areas where you think that the operations of the company could be more efficient just based on your prior experience at a bigger company?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. That's a great question and one that we'll increasingly answer over time. But you're right. One of the great strengths of Waters is the very strong financial discipline. I think what you'll find is that I'll continue that tradition. That's one of the commonalities that Doug and I share and the management team and I share, and I think in many ways the company has done a really good job weathering FX and other issues plus investment needs to deliver sustainable growth and strong margin performance. And obviously, I want to continue that. With that, I will always be looking for new opportunities to free up investment for revenue growth drivers, particularly R&D as well as sales force. Those will be two of the bigger priorities. And I do see little pockets of opportunity over time. It's probably premature for me to comment on exactly what those are, but there are definitely some efficiencies that we can drive in all parts of the P&L as we grow and scale this business.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mr. Tycho Peterson with JPMC. your line is now open.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Chris, maybe just following up on the comment on your prior experience with Medtronic, obviously, there you ran businesses that faced more end-market challenges and secular headwinds. Clearly that's not the case with Waters, where end-market dynamics have been strong. So can you maybe talk a little bit about what in your operational background you can bring to the growth story at Waters, and then, along those lines, we haven't heard a lot about the Health Science Initiative, but clearly there are investments in the distribution channels and manufacturing we need to think about. Can you maybe talk a little bit about maybe milestones we can track, and should we assume at some point this gets broken out as a separate P&L line item?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks for the question, Tycho. I appreciate it. I think your characterization was reasonably accurate in terms of the differences in the end markets within medical devices versus this space, and obviously I'm continuing to try to understand what those are. And you're right; we are blessed at Waters with great end markets and strong positions that are in general more stable and more recurring than some of the markets I've participated in. Although, certainly I had some businesses before that had mixes of capital and service and consumables as well. I think, overall, what you'll see from me in terms of reflecting from my background as I come into Waters is a very strong focus on innovation. I grew up in a company that was all about some of the same principles in terms of being extremely responsive to unmet needs in the marketplace for innovation, where innovation can make a difference in terms of improving our customer's performance. And so I'm very interested in innovation and how to bring some of those lessons forward into this space. The priority for that, as I mentioned before, is in our core business to ensure we're doing everything possible to drive the core business but there are some very intriguing opportunities down the road. You mentioned health sciences. Obviously I have a personal understanding of more regulated markets, and I'm certainly not afraid of these markets; in fact, I'm quite excited about them. But we're going to approach some of these market opportunities in a very measured, very thorough manner. We've got a lot of work to do to characterize these opportunities, to build plans. And as we do that, we will look for opportunities that enhance and grow our top line and our margin structure over time. So this whole area of health sciences is very interesting, and as you know we're already serving some of these segments in terms of neonatal screening, (50:09) drug monitoring. And so the question over time from a strategy standpoint is just one of degree and emphasis, and we'll have an opportunity to talk more about it. At this point any thoughts on breaking out these revenues or establishing new structures around that is premature.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up, I think you noted an uptick in industrial. Clearly the data points from the true industrial companies have been pretty poor this earnings season. Can you maybe just talk about where you're seeing the strength? Was that really just on the applied side? And your visibility into that channel.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Maybe I'll make a couple of broad comments there and Gene can comment further. But the industrial markets or the applied markets of food and environmental and the chemical industries is a really intriguing set of markets. From my standpoint, it's impressive how Waters has taken some of the core technology originally developed for primary use in the pharmaceutical sector and created new applications to serve those markets. And there are some interesting long-term trends, particularly in food security, food safety, food authenticity, and a good stable business in the chemical industries sector as well with a wide range of applications that we're in today and we can develop for tomorrow in a very efficient way. So we've been able to serve these markets, in my early view, in a very efficient manner both from a R&D investment but also from utilizing our well established sales force to call into these areas. So I think we're getting some pretty good performance out of them right now. Gene?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. The only thing that I would add after that good summary, Chris, is that if we look at that segment of our business, one of the components there is food analysis. And what we have seen in the quarter that we just – that we're reporting on here is that we had a particularly strong performance for food safety testing. And I'm not sure it is that we're yet seeing the full impact as the U.S. begins to move more deliberately down the pathway of mandating more testing, but it's certainly encouraging at this time.
Tycho W. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning. So I just want to touch back on sort of the emerging markets. Can you just give us a sense versus prior periods how you would kind of characterize the current environment? And what would you need to see on the currency side, for instance in places like India, to get more concerned with what that could do to the demand trajectory? I mean it's obviously been a broader market issue, and obviously your business has proven to be a bit more resilient, so just sort of some context from the historical basis on that, maybe, Gene. And then on the – actually start with that and then I'll ask my follow-up.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Just a quick start to that, Ross; this is Chris. The emerging markets are a big focus for the company. Obviously, we're getting quite a bit of business out of there, and to your point exactly, the underlying demand in China and India and the emerging markets, with some exceptions. I mean we haven't mentioned Brazil specifically, which was a challenge in the quarter, so there are some emerging markets that are not operating as robustly right now. But certainly India and China are examples where the currency situation has not yet manifested itself in a fundamental change in demand, and so we're monitoring that closely but also doing the things to be successful on a fundamental basis for the long term. Obviously, other emerging markets like Brazil have been a little bit more disruptive and we're watching those closely and looking for ways to improve, but Gene, do you want to comment on that?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. The only thing that I would add, Chris, is that in some of the larger emerging markets we do transact our instrumentation business in U.S. dollars. So it somewhat limits our exposure to some of these dramatic shifts. But in terms of spare parts and some of our services, those are denominated in local currencies, so that has been a component of the FX headwind that we encountered this quarter.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: And maybe can you just remind us of the emerging market comp in sort of the key, maybe the key ones in China, India as we enter 4Q and then give us a bit of a sense of how the jump-off into 2016 compares to what we had in terms of the jump-off from 2014?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: In terms of emerging market basis of comparison as we look at the fourth quarter, I'm very impressed with our performance in India in the third quarter because we grew double digits off of a double-digit quarter in the prior year. If I begin to look at the dynamics in China, we had a very successful third quarter result, but we are facing a more challenging base of comparison in the fourth quarter. I remember last year we began to see the business ramp in the third quarter, but our sales growth really came in at a double-digit rate in the fourth quarter. So our assumptions embedded in our guidance is to see a little bit of slowing in our China growth associated with a more difficult base of comparison, but we are very encouraged by the trajectories that we have in India and think that that has some sustainability going into the fourth quarter.
Ross Muken - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Good. I think we have time for a few more questions. So why don't we get the next one?
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. I have two for you. Chris or Gene maybe a little bit of a bigger picture question. Just in thinking about the revenue growth in your service business, it's been pretty strong this year along with strong growth in instruments. But the growth in services has been strong for a number of years now, and so I was just wondering if you had any thoughts on if there's any relation between the growth in service versus your growth in instruments or any other color on what's driving the strong service growth over the last number of years? And then the second follow-up is just, Gene, within your guidance for this year, what are you now assuming in terms of the EPS impact from FX in your overall guidance? Thanks so much.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. And maybe just a quick note on service there, Steve, and Gene can comment as well. But you're right to focus in on the sustainability of the performance in service. And it's a pretty fundamental mix between both the contracted service business, which we continue to strive for higher attachment rates and good customer value and pricing that comes along with that, but also a fairly robust parts business and the continued maintenance. As you know, our equipment is heavily used and is used for a long time, and the opportunity to help our customers maximize the return on those investments has also resulted in a great service business. It'll continue to be a big priority for me moving forward. So, Gene, do you want to put a finer point on that?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Well, just on the service side, in the last quarter we did see a very nice service growth in some of our larger Asian markets, and as the installed base continues to ramp up nicely in those countries, and as there is a higher degree of focus on making sure that these instruments are properly validated, especially for pharmaceutical applications, I think that that provides us with a base of stability for our service business going forward.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: And the question on the guidance?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Oh. On the guidance. Yes. Thank you. Looking at the effects of foreign exchange on our business, if I look at where we are year-to-date, foreign exchange has been pretty meaningful on the EPS line; we think it represents about $0.41 of EPS headwind associated with foreign currency exchange. The last quarter was a little bit more dramatic than we had originally anticipated. So for the full year and looking at the fourth quarter we think that the effects of foreign currency are going to be not quite as dramatic as they were in the third quarter because we began to see currencies move in a positive direction last year. We think for the full year the effect of foreign currency exchange is going to be similar in the range of $0.50 to $0.55 of headwind for the corporation.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Bryan Brokmeier from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Bryan Paul Brokmeier - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. Good afternoon – or good morning, and welcome, Chris. Following up on the question previously on the service business, you said that it was strong. Could you describe a bit of the impact that your business is having from some of the lab-wide service offerings of your competitors?
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: (59:50 – 59:59)
Arthur G. Caputo - President-Water Division & Executive VP: Yeah. Bryan, one of the things about our services (1:00:04) business is that this is an area where we have continually invested heavily to make sure that we are providing the top service levels that our customers can (1:00:20) to sell an instrument. Invariably, they will cue in on service as being a primary driver as their reason for investing. The second aspect – and we find ourselves much more insulated from the third-party effect because of our basic strategy. It's heavily innovative based. Things like ACQUITY or LC-MS solutions, these offerings that consist of instrumentations, chemistry, support services insulate us from the traditional attacks that third-parties usually go after. And they're usually going after more commoditized offerings, where, quite frankly, our primary emphasis for growth is in the areas of innovation and performance. And the more commoditized offerings, while we sell there, is not what our customers recognize us for; so when third-party goes into the account, they don't associate us with as highly being susceptible to third-party as many of the other vendors in the industry.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: Good. Thanks, Art. Appreciate that. And I think as you can see, Bryan, the service business is a really interesting part of Waters and a big area of investment and something that we're all working closely on to make sure we continue to get the performance out of it for the future that we've gotten out in the past as well.
Christopher James O'Connell - President & Chief Executive Officer: I think we're a little bit over time. And so maybe I'll bring the Q&A session to a close. But thanks for your great questions. I really enjoyed our first call here together today, especially the substantive dialogue we just had in the Q&A. I do look forward to getting to know all of you well. And as that goes, I am committed to interacting in a manner that keeps our communication open, honest and insightful. At this point, Gene and John and I are mapping out opportunities for me to meet with a number of you later in the fall, as well as to engage with the investment community more broadly throughout 2016. So on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q4 call, which we are currently anticipating holding on January 26, 2016. Thank you all and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Ross Jordan Muken - Evercore ISI Dan L. Leonard - Leerink Partners LLC Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC Joel H. Kaufman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Well, good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter 2015 conference call. With me on today's call is Gene Cassis, the Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Water's Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. And as is our custom, I will start with an overview of the business then Gene will follow with details of our financial results and an outlook for our business in the second half of this year. But before we start, I'd like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Well, thank you, Doug. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for the third quarter and full-year 2015. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For details, a discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, please see our 10-K Annual Report for fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earning release call and webcast is currently planned for October of 2015. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release that we issued this morning. In our discussion of results of operations, we may refer to pro-forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted or non-GAAP financials, included again in this morning's press release. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Gene. Well, the market dynamics that contributed to our strengths in the first quarter and largely continued through the second quarter of 2015 and resulted in a 10% growth rate in the quarter and 12% growth for the first half, both at constant currency. Looking at our operating divisions, the Waters Division constant currency sales grew at 11% while our TA division sales were up 2%. Currency translation reduced our overall constant currency sales growth by seven points in the quarter. Looking at the Waters Division and as we saw in the first quarter, the pharma business performed well in the second quarter, and sales were up 11% for this segment. As we've seen in recent quarters, the lion's share of our pharmaceutical health sciences growth came from smaller specialty and generic customers as well as from clinical labs. Our global chemical analysis business in the Waters Division, which includes food, environmental and industrial chemical markets, was up by the highest single-digit rate in the quarter. Geographically for the Waters Division, sales in the U.S. were up 10% with strong pharmaceutical and industrial chemical demand, with slower shipments in governmental and academic markets. Sales growth in Europe for the division at constant currency was up 5%, with weakness in Eastern Europe offsetting stronger pharmaceutical life sciences and industrial chemical results in the Western Europe markets. We turn to Asia, sales in China, which, as you know, is our largest Asian market were up at a strong double-digit rate with sales to government and academic labs augmenting a continuing trend of strong growth from private sector labs. This marks the third quarter in a row of a very strong sales growth in China. Waters Division constant currency sales in Japan were up 5% in the quarter with strong shipments to government and university customers as well as an increase in demand from chemical materials end markets. In India, Waters Division sales were up at a strong double-digit rate too. The quarter's growth in India was primarily associated with higher instrument software and service sales to the generic drug industry. During the second half of this year and starting in the third quarter, prior year sales comparisons will become a lot more challenging in India for us. And I noted earlier, TA Instruments are 2% increase in sales in the quarter at constant currency, which was over a very strong prior year's results. Through the first half of 2015, constant currency sales growth at TA stands at 7%. In the quarter, TA acquired assets related to the ElectroForce Group from Bose Corporation, and the ElectroForce Group designs and manufactures dynamic mechanical testing systems based on a proprietary electromagnetic motor technology. Now I'd like to discuss some product line dynamics that we saw for the Waters Division in the quarter. The division's recurring revenues, the combination of service and consumables, grew at 9%. Consumables growth at 9% benefited from strong uptake of ACQUITY UPLC column offerings. In addition, we introduced and begin shipping a new sample prep chemistry called Oasis PRiME HLB, and this next-generation solid-phase extraction product will improve and accelerate workflows across a wide range of applications that require high sensitivity and reproducible LC and LC/MS analysis. The Waters Division service business also performed very well in the quarter, also growing at 9%. The strength in the service business was geographically balanced and correlated to the general strength that we saw in our pharmaceutical end market. Waters Division instrument system sales grew at a strong 13% in the second quarter. This growth was highlighted by continued strong uptake of LC/MS systems that features Xevo tandem quadrupole technology and our ACQUITY QDa mass detector. LC systems growth for both ACQUITY and Alliance platforms was driven by demand from pharmaceutical customers in the U.S. and India and generally strong demand in China. Our recently initiated agreement with PerkinElmer Corporation also positively contributed to our LC component shipments. If you look at our new product introductions, we had a very busy quarter at this year's ASMS Conference in St. Louis. We launched the Vion IMS QTof mass spectrometer and our REIMS Research System with iKnife Sampling. Our new Vion IMS system combines the benefits of high resolution tandem MS analysis and ion mobility separation in a bench top configuration. By adding IM mobility capability, this instrument generates cleaner spectrum by removing interferences and provides collision cross section values for ions of interest. These capabilities allow for new levels of sensitivity and resolution for researchers in applications that range from complex screening studies to metabolite ID and more classical OMEX experiments. The REIMS Research System with iKnife Sampling drew quite a bit of interest at ASMS. A key feature of this system is the speed with which a researcher can determine chemical and biochemical differences and complex samples without the need for sample prep or a chromatographic separation. REIMS or, as it's known, Rapid Evaporative Ionization Mass Spectrometry, is the technology that we acquired last year with our purchase of assets from MediMass. REIMS technology, in combination with capabilities in DESI and MALDI further extends our portfolio of surface ionization technologies. During our April earnings call, while discussing our health science initiative, I explained how the combination of DESI and MALDI ion sources, embodied in our full spectrum molecular imaging system, provides actionable information about the specific location of molecules on tissue surfaces. With our new REIMS capability, it's the speed of analysis that is advantageous. Researchers now can, for example, quickly determine fraud in food labeling or easily check for food adulteration by simply applying the ionize to a specimen surface. Staying on the new product launches, in June, we introduced and began taking orders for our ACQUITY Arc system. The ACQUITY Arc system is a modern platform, modular LC system, designed to bridge the performance capabilities of HPLC and UPLC systems, and facilitate method validation for improved workflows in labs running regulated legacy HPLC protocols. So in summarizing the quarter's performance, I will point out that our top-line growth indicates a continuation of recent business momentum. We were very active on the new product introduction front, and we managed our expenses carefully to generate strong operating results. And before turning you over to Gene, I'd like to say a few words about our planned leadership transition. On June 25, we announced that the Waters' board of directors appointed Christopher J. O'Connell as Waters' new President, CEO and member of its board of directors. Chris comes to Waters from Medtronic, where he worked for 21 years, and where he served most recently as the President of their Restorative Therapies Group. This is a business with $7 billion in annual revenues and more than 16,000 employees. Chris' appointment was the successful conclusion of a global search process that, as you know, spanned approximately two years and that surfaced a number of very qualified individuals. We were looking for a new leader who could successfully continue Waters' proven and focused business strategy while creatively looking for ways to successfully pursue new opportunities to further grow our business and create shareholder value. In Chris, we feel that he meets these requirements and actually so much more. The much more comes from the important fit that Chris' demonstrated management style and engaging personality have with Waters' established business culture, a culture that strongly focuses on customer needs, advanced technology development, and financial discipline. Chris will be assuming his new responsibilities in early September, and I feel confident that Waters will continue to prosper under his leadership. But getting back to discussing our business, I'm very pleased with our overall business results in the first half of this year. For the first six months, we have grown our diluted earnings per share by 18%, even with a stronger-than-expected currency headwind. And in looking at the P&L, as well as the balance sheet so far this year, I feel that we're well positioned to deliver a full-year performance that's better than our original expectations, all while continuing to invest in our long-term growth strategies and while generating strong free cash flow. Well, after about 20 years of hosting these quarterly conference calls, it does seem a bit strange to acknowledge that this is my last opportunity to address you in my current role. I want to personally thank our shareholders for their support over the years, and for their valuable insights that have helped us fine-tune our business plans. I also want to acknowledge the efforts of the analysts who have covered, and continue to follow and report on Waters. Over the years, they've made great efforts to understand our business and explain our products, technologies and end markets to potential investors. But most of all, I'd like to thank the employees of Waters for all the hard work and creativity that they have put into making our business such a success. I think therein lies the true Waters difference. And now I'd like to turn it over to Gene for a more detailed review of our financials.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. At $495 million, our second quarter revenues increased 10% before currency translation. Currency translation reduced sales growth in the quarter by 7%, resulting in 3% reported sales growth. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 8% to $1.32, in comparison to earnings of $1.22 last year. On a GAPP basis, our earnings were $1.27 versus $1.13 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release that we issued this morning. Looking at our growth geographically, and before foreign currency effects: U.S. sales were up 7%, Europe was up 5%, Japan also was up 5%, and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 26%, with strong demand in India and China. On the product front, and again in constant currency within the Waters Division, instrument system sales increased by 13%, and our recurring revenues grew by 9%. In all, the Waters Division sales were up 11%. For our TA Instruments Division, constant currency sales increased by 2%. Now I'd like to comment on our second quarter's non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins came in at about 58%, consistent with the second quarter of the prior year. Moving down the P&L, SG&A expenses were up 1% on a constant currency basis. The impact of currency translation reduced SG&A by 8%. R&D expenses increased by 18% in constant currency, due to ongoing spending associated with new product development and incremental investments related to our health science initiative. The impact of currency translation reduced R&D expenses by 5%. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 14.6%. For the full year 2015, we expect our operating tax rate to be around 14%; and in this projection, we have not assumed a re-establishment of the U.S. R&D tax credit. In the quarter, net interest expense was up $7 million, and our average share count came in at 83.3 million shares, or approximately 1.8 million shares lower than in the second quarter last year, a net result of our share repurchase program. Turning to the balance sheet: Cash and short-term investments totaled $2.2 billion and debt totaled $1.6 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of $648 million. Regarding our debt, in the second quarter we amended our bank credit agreement, extending the maturity date to 2020 and increasing our borrowing facility by $200 million, from $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. As for second quarter share repurchases, we bought 605,000 shares of our common stock for $80 million. This leaves $604 million remaining on our authorized share repurchase programs. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation accounting, and excluding unusual non-recurring items. In the second quarter of 2015, free cash flow came in at $96 million after funding $24 million of capital expenditures. Excluded from this amount is approximately $4 million of investments associated with major facility expansion. This brings our year-to-date 2015 free cash flow to $234 million, as compared to $218 million for the first half of 2014. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 75 days this quarter, a decrease of one day from second quarter in the prior year. In the quarter, inventories increased by $15 million as compared to the end of first quarter of 2015, reflecting the normal seasonal pattern. Now I will discuss our 2015 full-year outlook. For the second half of 2015, we generally anticipate that the drivers of our sales growth in the first half will continue. However, the combination of more challenging quarterly comparisons and fewer selling days in the fourth quarter will likely moderate our second half organic sales growth rate. With these dynamics in play, we now expect to finish the year with 7% to 8% constant currency sales growth. Currency translation for the full year and assuming current exchange rates will reduce our reported sales growth by approximately 6%. Moving down the P&L, gross margins are expected to come in close to 59% and potentially a little bit better than they did in 2014. We expect to manage our constant currency overall operating expenses to grow at a rate that's less than our constant currency sales growth rate. However, we anticipate that R&D expenses will continue to grow at a higher rate due to ongoing new product development efforts and incremental spending associated with our health science initiative. Moving below the operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $27 million. Turning to share count, our full-year average diluted share count is expected to be reduced to around 83 million shares as a result of continued share repurchases. Rolling all of this together, full-year 2015 non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are now expected to be in the range of $5.75 to $5.90. As we think about our expectations for the third quarter of 2015, our guidance anticipates constant currency sales growth to come in at about 7%. Currency translation in the quarter is expected to reduce our reported sales growth rate by approximately 7%. This top-line performance is expected to result in non-GAAP earnings for fully diluted share within a range $1.33 to $1.43 in the third quarter. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Gene. And at this point, operator, I think we can turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. One moment please for our first question. First question is from Mr. Jon Groberg of UBS. Sir, your line is open. Mr. Groberg, your line is open.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Is there anyone there, operator?
Operator: Yes. We have Mr. Jon Groberg on queue, sir. However, we might have lost him. Moving to the next question from Mr. Paul Knight of Janney. Sir, your line is open. [audio difficulties] (23:09)
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hi, Doug. Can you hear me? [audio difficulties] (23:09 – 23:18)
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Operator? Operator, [audio difficulties] (23:29 – 23:41).
Operator: Hello. This is the operator. Can you hear me? [audio difficulties] (23:42 – 23:46)
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Operator, we're hearing (23:47) line. Speaker [audio difficulties] (23:48 – 24:06)
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hey, Doug, can you hear me? [audio difficulties] (24:06 – 24:09)
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I can but it's a continual echo. [audio difficulties] (24:10 – 24:13)
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. I'll call back. [audio difficulties] (24:14 – 24:18)
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Are you getting an echo? [audio difficulties] (24:19 – 24:21)
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know whether it's our phone or (24:28) using a different phone. I apologize. (24:29 – 24:42) Apologize. [audio difficulties] (24:43 – 25:19) So, we're [indiscernible] [audio difficulties] (24:20 – 26:23)
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Doug? [audio difficulties] (26:24 – 26:46)
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hello? [audio difficulties] (26:48 – 26:51)
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Doug? [audio difficulties] (26:52 – 26:58)
Operator: (26:59)
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. [audio difficulties] (26:59 – 27:05) What's the number?
Unknown Speaker: Okay. (517) 623-4512. (27:10)
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: No, (27:11) you guys are back.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: There's no sound on the line now.
Operator: Okay.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The echo seems to have been gone.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah.
Operator: All right. Proceeding to the next question from Mr. Doug Schenkel of Cowen & Company. Sir, your line is open.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Doug, are you there?
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yeah. Can you guys hear me all right?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know what went wrong with that line, but I guess we're all back.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: I haven't heard somebody say my name so frequently since I was probably like 10 years old. It was a little scary. But Doug, I wanted to start by saying you will be missed, and we do hope to see you around town. Very good job over many years, strong execution, great leadership. Again, you will be missed.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: (28:06) Thanks.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Maybe just to start with China, it's clearly been a period for the last few quarters where you've done quite well. Is it possible to help us a bit more in deconstructing how much of this is the favorable comparison versus fundamental improvement? I guess what I'm thinking about is would you be able to walk us through sales and ordering patterns in, say, Q2 versus Q1 and Q4? And more specifically, would you be willing to share what growth assumption is factored into full-year revenue growth for China?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me take the first part of it and Gene can take over the second part. Clearly, we did have a tough three or four quarters in China. We always thought that that with us was a bit more related to banking oversight. We continued to see, what I call, the underlying dynamics remaining strong; the number of quotes, the number of major projects that the customers were initiating. We're still staying at that very strong pace, but you couldn't get those customers to let the orders because they couldn't in any way confirm that the money was going to be there in the end. So, I would say that was a pretty strong dynamic in terms of the weakness that we saw a year, year-and-a-half ago. We're, I'd say, substantially out of that period. You're never out of it totally, and you can always see this little blips in terms of tightening down on the available banking resources. But I'd say that's why we're perhaps more confident that we have never seen the underlying demand fade. We've continued to see it strong. The other dynamic I think, Doug, is we've continued to see strong and building, what I call, expat business in China. So, we have a very strong business with American and West European companies that are continuing to expand to that domestic market. That has not fallen off. It's the less than 50% of our business that comes through government's sponsored activity in China, that's what went through a somewhat down cycle, I think, principally related to this banking tightening, and we've seen that leven (31:02) off. So, I think there's no question that some of the absolute strength that we're seeing is related to the fact that it was a relatively easy comparison. But I still think we're pretty confident about good strong conditions in China as we go forward. Gene, you want to embroider (31:21) on that?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Doug, as you look at the prior year results, we did begin to see the business ramp in China during the second half of 2014. And that ramp resulted in a double-digit growth in sales in the fourth quarter. So, as we look at the basis of comparison for this year, the basis for comparison does become a little bit more challenging in the fourth quarter. And what we see right now in terms of indicators of strength suggests to us that underlying demand has strengthened. Orders and sales were both up double digit in the quarter that we're reporting on now. And, but we do expect that as we get into the later part of the year that the sales, the year-over-year sales growth will diminish a bit because of the improved – because of the more difficult base of comparison. Now having said that, and if I think about the guidance that we've given for the full year, what we do anticipate that growth rate in China will be closer to the low double-digit through the second half of the year.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's really helpful. And then just a couple of clean-ups and I'll get back in the queue. Did the PKI deal impact sales in the quarter or is that mainly just orders? Based on your wording in your prepared remarks, it sounded like it was probably the latter. And then, the other question is just on book-to-bill. I don't believe you provided it. It sounded like orders were as strong as sales, but given the strength of instruments in the quarter I just wanted to see if there was anything of note there. Thank you.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. No. Just in terms of looking at backlog build in the quarter, orders and sales were approximately the same in the quarter, so there was no meaningful difference there. As we take a look at the PKI, I mean, what we talked – what we're – on the quarter that we just reported on, we did see orders and sales in that partnership and the trajectory that we're on gives us confidence in the original projection that we had for the full year and that is that the incremental benefit of this partnership will result in about 1 point to 100 basis point improvement for Waters' shipments this year.
Doug A. Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Ross Muken of Evercore ISI. Sir, your line is open.
Ross Jordan Muken - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys. So, Doug, I looked it up; since 1996, you've outperformed the S&P by 2400% -- not a bad showing, I guess. So you can leave quite happy. I guess as we look at the macro, industrial markets most of the indicators are kind of pointing south and then your business tends to be more insulated. As we progress into the third quarter, particularly, on the equipment side, just because you've had such strong instrument sales, any areas where you'd point to a little bit of softening, you don't have a kind of basic industrial exposure, maybe on the chemical side where there's a little bit of caution? I mean, I wouldn't think it's playing in any of the traditional healthcare markets, and it seems like the emerging markets are fine. So, I'm just trying to figure out if there's anything that's maybe a little bit at the margin trending, maybe downwards since everything sort of seems like it's quite strong.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Ross, I think you can point to the quarter that we just had. The business most affected by the industrial – the classic industrial market is the TA business. And TA had low single-digit growth. But for the half, TA was up 7% organically. And so, yeah, I think you might see a little bit in the classic industrial chemical, the DuPonts and the Dows of the world probably seeing a little bit of weakness there. For the Waters Division, though, the industrial category – in our world that includes environmental labs, the food and beverage, food safety – and the conditions there are pretty robust. So, I'd say, on the margin maybe you're seeing a little bit of a struggle in some of those industrial accounts. But even at TA, I think it's more that we're in the tail end of their product cycle. You're going to see really an uptick in their new products next year. And yet, their organic growth is still hanging in there. I don't think there's any share loss there. So, it's a marginal thing. I don't think it's anything significant to be worried about. Gene, do you...
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: No. No. I think that's well said.
Ross Jordan Muken - Evercore ISI: Obviously, Doug, you're leaving the business in tremendous shape. It's having some of its best run on the new product side in some time. It feels like one of the last things from an end-market perspective you've focused on was sort of the diagnostic opportunity you've talked about the last few calls. I guess, where do you see that going for the business? Are you happy with the progress you're making? Do you feel like some of the skill set of the incoming CEO will play well to that market, just given his background? I'm just trying to get a sense for, do you feel like that piece takes Waters to kind of the next level over the next 10 or 15 years?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think it's insightful that we clearly have talked a lot about this broad health science initiative. But I think it's best for us to think about it in that context, that it isn't a diagnostic opportunity; it's really looking at almost the soup-to-nuts opportunity, as we work with some of these very large integrated healthcare systems and research centers that are making large investments on both the basic research side, the translational medicine side, then on the therapeutic and the diagnostic side. So, I think what it's worthwhile to think about is that, we're looking at a broad range of products and technologies that are coming to bear in all of those fronts. And if we're successful, we'll see that working on the front-end with these thought leaders leads to opportunities in that whole string of downstream health science opportunities. We see that probably right now more in the first couple of phases in that, in the basic science and the beginning of translational medicine, in the big academic medical centers, both here and in Europe. The diagnostic opportunities that have been very robust have been in areas like pain management, where there are – seems to be growing by leaps and bounds. So, there's no question that Chris O'Connell has superior insight into that whole marketplace from a different technology point of view. But just recently, we secured a significant order in the OMIX area in Europe, and it turns out Chris O'Connell has a very intimate relationship with the leader of that institution. So, we're finding more and more the overlap and the connection, the geographic knowledge, that Chris has in the application universe. So, we're very happy with the way that's all coming together. That help?
Ross Jordan Muken - Evercore ISI: Thank you so much, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mr. Dan Leonard of Leerink. Sir, your line is open.
Dan L. Leonard - Leerink Partners LLC: Hi. I guess to the high level, I'm curious in the EPS guidance revision, why it wasn't a little bit higher, given the big uptick in your organic revenue growth guidance?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You want to take that?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Let me make sure I got your question, Dan. Your question is about the guidance?
Dan L. Leonard - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. You took EPS guidance up at the midpoint by a percent, yet revenue guidance was up at a much healthier clip, from mid-single digits to 7% to 8% for the full year.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Well, yeah, I mean, we -
Dan L. Leonard - Leerink Partners LLC: So, I'm wondering what's going on.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: We talked about the full year at 7% to 8%, and the guidance before was mid-single digit. I think that we fully recognized that a lot of the growth that we've enjoyed, especially in the last quarter, is from – Asia was a significant driver of that growth, and we know that the bases of comparison become a little bit more challenging in the second half. And we had very strong first quarter. And in part, we benefited from three extra selling days in that quarter, and that becomes a headwind for us in the fourth quarter, where we have fewer selling days. So, I think that, as you begin to look at those two factors, and still understand that the fourth quarter is a little bit a ways off, and it probably makes sense to, if anything, err a little bit on the conservative side. I think we're very comfortable with the top line and the bottom line. I'd just like to mention that the bottom line, the EPS guidance that we provided, also factors in a little bit more headwind from currency than we had anticipated the last time we gave guidance.
Dan L. Leonard - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then my follow-up, how meaningful are areas like pain management, therapeutic drug monitoring more broadly, and drugs of abuse testing? How meaningful is that as part of your business, because it seems like that's an area that's coming under increasing reimbursement scrutiny in the U.S.?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's a growing part of our business. It's – right now, the whole health sciences area of our business is not quite 10%.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, it's fair to put that into that context, and pain management is a piece of that. I'd say the pain management piece and therapeutic drug monitoring, all-in, is a significant part of that health science initiative in the United States, and it's a growing piece outside of the United States – not a big piece of Asia, but a growing piece in Western Europe.
Dan L. Leonard - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's helpful context. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Sir, your line is open.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning. I kind of want to make an echo joke, but I guess I'll hold off here. Two questions for you: first, just regarding the strong pharma demand that you've seen in the past couple of quarters, I was just wondering if you could comment on where you're seeing that come from. Is it more – do you see more coming from replacement demand or new system placements? Because I'm trying to just gauge how much – what the legs look like for this type of strong growth from pharma, and then I have a follow-up?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well Steve, it's interesting, because the growth is not coming from our classical big pharma accounts. Those accounts are low-single digit to flat. So, most of our growth is coming from specialty pharma, generics, big and small biotech accounts. And I'd say most of that is new initiatives, the volume-based. It's not significant. You always have some replacement and maintenance business that goes on – and throughout that. But I'd say the prime initiative here is more forward-looking spending.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: And the one thing that I would add, Steve, is that the recurring revenues, the service and the chemistry business that we have, is disproportionately weighted to the pharmaceutical side of our business because of the number of samples that are running in applications like quality control. So, what we're seeing in terms of strong demand on the chemistry side and on the service side is indicative of high utilization rates of instruments in the installed base, and that's very encouraging. That shows you that there's an underlying demand based on the requirement to one run more samples that I think does have legs to it.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Very good. Thank you. And then just as a quick follow-up to, I believe with Dan's earlier question, Gene, I think last quarter, you were assuming roughly $0.43 of an impact from FX in your guidance. You alluded to a slightly larger FX impact, and just was wondering if you could quantify what your assumption is now for the EPS impact from FX in the full-year guidance?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think if we look over the year-over-year comparison, we had about a $0.13 impact of – from FX in the second quarter and about $0.21 for the first half of the year. The guidance that we gave assumes another $0.13 in the third quarter and probably something closer to the first quarter of impact in the fourth quarter as we begin to anniversary some of those strengthening – I'm sorry, weakening of foreign currencies.
Steve B. Willoughby - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, guys. I appreciate it.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Jon Groberg of UBS. Sir, your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Can you hear me this time?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: All right. I hope I don't break the phone system again.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Be careful, Jon.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: So, first of all, Doug, let me offer my congratulations as well, and good luck with what comes next for you. And I'm sure we'll continue to hear from – from all the good things that you're doing. So, I just, one, wanted to clarify on the health sciences, I think you said, so clinical, translational – however guys define that, you're saying it's just under 10% of sales. How fast is that growing currently?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's pretty much -
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: It's in double digit.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think we're comfortable with saying it's a good double-digit grower currently.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, Doug, I guess, maybe two questions on just the leadership transition that I think are relevant. I mean, one, what do you think that your employees are going to be most excited about when it comes to Chris joining the team? And two, you have to look out there, as I'm sure you do, and there's been some pretty hefty multiples paid in the space for, what I would call, trophy assets and especially those that have some good long-term growth drivers like in the biopharma space, and given your position in that space, I'd put you in that category. So, I guess, how did you think about – how did you think about whether or not the right move was not to explore maybe another value creative opportunity as opposed to moving forward with the plan that you did from a CEO standpoint?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right, Jon. Let me take them in reverse order. You've followed us for as long as anybody and you know that from time immemorial, people have talked about Waters could be acquired by someone else and fit into their portfolio. And we've always pretty much ignored that talk and focused on what was right for our business and our customers. And from the point a view of our board and our management team, there was – we never believed and still don't believe that there's anything that a bigger, larger, more diversified company brings to us that would help us as opposed to continuing to pursue these initiatives on our own. So, from our perspective, we can well imagine why somebody might drool over the opportunity of adding Waters to their portfolio. It didn't do much for our strategic advantages. So, you can say, okay, but at some price, any company can be acquired. We all know that. So, I can tell you that no one has seriously tempted us along those lines. So, I think you can never say what'll happen in the future. But I and the board believe that the future for Waters is incredibly bright. You probably know that I never think our stock is fairly valued. I think it's always undervalued. And so, the opportunities to prove that – when we were trading under $100, people thought we were maybe as far as we could go. And when we're at $130, who knows – people probably think the same thing. But I look at our opportunities. I look at what we can grow over the next three, five years, and I think our shareholders are going to be very fairly rewarded by continuing down this path. And I don't think you have to look too far at the companies who have been acquired over the last three or four years. I mean, I'm going back to Millipore. When the body of politics thought that they got such a great price for their business, you look at the market today and if they had held on there as individual companies, they'd be trading at much higher prices than they settled for in the acquisition world. I don't think you have to look too far to some of those companies that still haven't closed yet to say, gee, I wonder what their future was as stand-alone businesses rather than settling for what looked to be a strong premium. So, I'll get off my soapbox, but I don't see anything that's likely to change our perspective in the near term absent somebody just deciding to really open their purse strings. And having said that, now I forget about your first part of the question.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: That was really helpful. The first part was what do you think, because again, Chris, coming kind of from the outside, doesn't really have a lot of exposure to even investors as we've spoken to those who've known Medtronic for a while, so just kind of what do you think employees or maybe investors are going to most appreciate about Chris?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it's interesting because in going through the gamut of the recruitment process, Chris talked to, certainly, first, me, and then the succession planning committee and the search firm and the rest of the board, and then the rest of the senior management group. Never had I imagined it would be so universally positive about the credentials of somebody coming into this job particularly as we all know the incumbent is so highly valued. So, Chris did an outstanding job of selling himself to the organization. And starting out, Chris had no real appreciation for Waters or our background and history. Since we made the decision, Chris has had the opportunity to broaden that association. We've gone down a level or two in the organization, had some dinners. And the organization has been kind of universal in their initial reaction that Chris seems to be a Waters' cultural fit. And, look, you do the best you can, and I'm sure Chris has done the best he could. He clearly has knowledge of this whole healthcare environment, he's well-traveled, he understands the Asian markets from the perspective of Medtronic. But that perspective isn't that different from our perspective. So, I'm sure Chris isn't going to be a Doug Berthiaume clone. I don't want him to be. The company doesn't want him to be. He'll bring his own expertise and his own desires and strategic abilities. But I think he clearly, to the best of our ability and his, conforms to what we think the initial perspective of the CEO of Waters is going to be. He values the same kinds of things. He brings the same cultural values to the table. And I just think he's going to be a great fit.
Jonathan Groberg - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Doug. Congrats again.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is open.
Joel H. Kaufman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, guys. Thanks. It's actually Joel Kaufman in for Isaac. Just taking it back to the pharma end markets, could you maybe parse out the growth rates year-to-date in QA/QC versus what you're seeing in R&D?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's been balanced, Joel, but the one thing is that we've had a very growth in India. I think you've heard that in the first quarter call as in the second quarter call. And the growth there is generic pharmaceutical demand and it's mostly quality control related. But as you begin to look across our pharmaceutical end market and begin to segment our business out by small molecule applications, large molecule applications, it's been very balanced actually. But QDa has been a wonderful product in terms of helping us in the small molecule world, and for people who have been primarily and only focused on looking at what's happening on the large molecule front. This brings us back to a reality that small molecules continue to be important, and we're seeing that with our QDa demand. So, I'd say that if you factor out the exceptional growth that we've seen in India during the first half and then begin to look at the pharmaceutical demand, it's pretty – it's been pretty balanced across the whole spectrum starting from discovery through QA/QC.
Joel H. Kaufman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Then just a follow-up in Japan, I think you guys grew there low-single digits in the first half of the year. Could you just maybe provide your expectations for the back half and maybe how the comps shape up in the back half of the year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. On Japan, yeah, our expectation is that the results that we've seen year-to-date are probably indicative of what the results will look like for the full year. There's been some interesting dynamics in Japan in that you had an interesting year last year in terms of looking at governmental spending. You had a favorable comp on governmental spending, so it looked optically very strong in the quarter that we just reported. We had a strong pharmaceutical first half of 2014, though a little bit softer. But I don't think it's indicative of a change in demand as it is to just some of the details of the basis of comparison. In general, we're expecting the performance that we've seen in the first half of the year to continue through the second half of the year.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think, in general, we think of Japan as being a mid-single-digit grower. It can bounce around the mid-single digits. But I think our long-term expectations revolve around that expectation.
Joel H. Kaufman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Matt Mishan of KeyBanc. Sir, your line is open.
Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: I'm sorry. We didn't hear the name.
Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Matt Mishan.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Matt?
Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: KeyBanc. Yep.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Gene. Hey, Doug. Just hearing your thoughts on the value of companies taking out that you think would be like greater in the marketplace maybe as like stand-alone a couple years later. Does that make you more interested in being an acquirer?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Not particularly. Depends – but it all depends on the assets, Matt. I still – my general rule of thumb that some people debate and some agree with is that we're perfectly willing to consider adding to our portfolio as long as it's in an area that we think we know something about, that we can manage and it doesn't dilute the existing business. I just don't – when we think that we have the opportunity to grow in the high-single digits organically, that buying something that dilutes that for the short-term pleasure of cutting out administrative costs doesn't appeal to us. It does to some, but in the end you're going to look at those serial acquirers and say, gee, where's the evidence that adding assets to them took their 2% or 3% organic growth rate and doubled it or tripled it. And as you know, it's hard to find great evidence of that. It's not hard to find evidence that they can cut costs for some period of time and grow their earnings in a very-low-interest-rate environment. And who knows, maybe that'll turn out to be the wisest business strategy that we've ever seen. But it's not something that has ever particularly appealed to me. And so I think, as long as we see the opportunity to continue to do what we do and deliver superior results, we think it's the better strategy.
Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then, can you remind us of your NIH exposure and any thoughts you have on some of the legislation making its way through Congress? And also, with some of your newer products, you think you can punch above your weight a little bit if that legislation goes through?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think the NIH opportunity is very marginally, potentially positive to us, but Gene will tell you why. Gene?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think our exposure is – roughly 1% of our sales are related to that spend level, and it's heavily weighted towards our higher end mass spectrometry product. So, it tends to be a relatively small percentage of our business, and it tends to be somewhat lumpy, just given the high ASPs. So, as Doug said, it's a – it's likely to be a marginal positive. We're encouraged that some of the technologies that we've introduced during the first half of this year, as we move into what is historically – third quarter is usually a bigger quarter for U.S. governmental spending. We think we have a pretty good pipeline of customers that are interested in some of our more recently introduced technologies.
Matt Mishan - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, and great quarter.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Sir, your line is open.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Derik.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Hi. Can you hear me?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Can you hear me? Oh, great. Doug, congratulations. It's been – covering the stock since 2001, so it's been a pleasure working with you. Two real quick questions: First, how should we think about R&D spending going forward? Do you think – should we model it higher than constant currency growth rates in the out years? And what is the overall impact for M&A for the full year in constant currency growth? Thank you very much.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think, clearly, this year is going to see a spike in R&D growth compared to what's happened historically. And that's specifically related to the health science initiative and things like REIMS and DESI. You're likely to see another year of higher-than-average R&D growth, but I don't see that extending deeply into the future. It's not going to mitigate in the next couple of quarters. But we don't see – we see a number of initiatives, that are going on right now, that will keep that tail rising. Now, having said that, down the road we could initiative something else and have to rationalize it and incorporate it into the budget. But with our current momentum, I'd say, yeah, 2016 is likely to see a somewhat higher R&D rate. But I think then it begins to mitigate.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And the M&A impact for this year?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think the question, Derik, was the impact of M&A for this year?
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Thanks, Gene.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: 2015, we expect that M&A will be a very small part of the growth story, maybe we're looking at 20 or 25 basis points.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ms. Amanda Murphy of William Blair. Ma'am, your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is actually Anthony (1:04:33) in for Amanda. Just a couple of quick questions: First, you guys have definitely had a number of new product launches this year. Would you be able to add a little bit of insight, or maybe some more specifics, regarding the potential growth impact for this year and potentially next year as well, regarding these new product launches?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: I think your question, if I could just rephrase it to make sure we heard it correctly, was that you're trying to understand the impact of new product launches on this year and next year? Is that...?
Unknown Speaker: Correct. Yeah, primarily on revenue, correct.
Unknown Speaker: Corrrect.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Well, if you look at our full-year, high-single-digit growth rate expectations, certainly in the Waters division, the – I'd say it's kind of a classical year, in terms of the effect of new products versus continuing new products. If you just look at the products launched this year, you're talking principally, so far, products in the mass spec arena. Of course, you have things like the QDa that were launched previously that is still in the early phase of the cycle. So, I would say that we're in a representative year. It was a strong launch of capabilities, but it's – I'm not prepared to say precisely what the new product effect was.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think, as you look at the growth rate that we're enjoying this year, there's clearly a positive market dynamic. Over the years we've been a pretty good proxy for the strength in health sciences and pharmaceuticals. And I think what you're hearing from us, as you've heard from some other companies in our space, is that's a healthy market. And I think we are getting at least our just share of that market health.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: And there's no new product introduction that stands out as dramatically affecting this growth rate. Let's say you've seen products across the consumables space with the glyco product and the mass spec triple quad area has been healthy, the single quad with the QDa. It's pretty broad based. (1:07:34)
Unknown Speaker: Well, if I could just ask one additional follow-up on that. You guys definitely touched on China and on India, and how the strength is – or the growth has been incredibly strong. Would you be able to elaborate, actually, a little bit more specially on India? Is it – and I guess like, even in terms of – not just revenue, but even on the expense side. I know that you mentioned that with SG&A, you're expecting – well, I guess that is more my question, in terms of, what would be the potential impact on SG&A as you continue to expand in India?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, if I understand the question, our India business is a very well-run business. So if you look at its level of profitability, it's certainly very well run and above-average level of operating profits. And what's happened in India in the last couple of years is they ran through a period of very weak currency, a kind of political uncertainty and in the past – and a period when a number of generic drug manufacturers ran into regulatory issues, some of them quite serious. And in the past 12 months, the result of trying to cure those regulatory issues has been that they've turned to us for significant help in both the software area, the service area or qualifying their instruments and doing extra work. We still see the effect of that currently. We also see an improvement in the political environment and a somewhat stabilizing of the rupee. So, all of those things have kind of moved positively. I'd say, again, we have a very strong position in India. I think they're coming out of a period when those generic drug manufacturers were kind of treading water in terms of their capacity. And we're pretty optimistic about their long-term business plans to add to capacity and capabilities. So, l'd say, while, yes, we've come through a period where we had pretty soft businesses, so easy comparisons, I think we're going to through a period when the underlying demand is still pretty strong and the profitability of this business is very good. So, I think...
Unknown Speaker: Well. Excellent. Thank you for the detail, guys. And once again, congratulations on a great quarter. Thank you.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. And operator, I think we can take one more to make up for our echo start, but we're well passed the 9:30 difficult stopping date. So, I think one more would be appropriate.
Operator: Okay. Our last question is from Ms. Miro Minkova of Stifel. Ma'am, your line is open.
Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question, and congratulations on your retirement, Doug. Let me start with just the guidance for the fourth quarter. Considering that it's still kind of early on, and you probably don't have a great visibility on the pipeline, but you are implying like basically flat revenue growth in the fourth quarter. Gene, maybe remind us, how many fewer selling days you have and what is the breakdown between the fewer selling days, the tougher comps in India, China and the balance between the underlying demand that you're seeing?
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Okay. So, Miroslava -
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the selling days – go ahead, Gene.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. There's three fewer selling days in the fourth quarter -
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Compared to the fourth quarter last year.
Eugene Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer: ...quarter of last year. And typically, Miroslava, those affect most dramatically the recurring revenues. So, then the recurring revenues are roughly half of our business. If I take a look at what's the positive effect was of a similar – of selling days moving in the other direction in the first quarter, it was probably 2% or 3% points on the 15% total growth that we had in the first quarter. So, as you begin to take a look what the assumptions are for the rest of the year, we talked about the third quarter having a top-line growth rate of 7%, and the full-year guidance pretty much assumes a 3% or 4% growth rate in the fourth quarter.
Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much for the color. And maybe if I could ask you on the ionize – the REIMS product that you unveiled at ASMS, just curious as to if you gotten any earlier – any early feedback from potential clients on the reception of the food testing application? And how – any expectation for this product for the next 12 to 18 months?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'd say the initial reaction to the food tasting – the food safety application is very positive. But I would caution you to say that we're still in the early phases of putting that technology in the hands of these customers. And as you know, the applications there widely vary. So, whether you're talking about milk products or you're talking about meat products, you're typically talking about different situations with different customers. But I would say rarely have we seen an initial level of interest with the ionized applications in food safety. It's a very strong. But you're not seeing that currently in our order rate. We do think that that's coming.
Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you very much for your time today.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you all for both taking the time today and over the years. I do appreciate your jobs and how you've done it and how you've treated me and Waters over the years. So, I'll look forward to you being just as insightful and kind in your treatment of Waters over the next 20 years. Thanks again and I look forward to hearing about it. Take care.
Operator: And that concludes today's call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer Art Caputo - President, Waters Division John Lynch - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: John Groberg - UBS Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Issac Ro - Goldman Sachs Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group Derik de Bruin - Bank of America Paul Knight - Janney Capital Markets Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning, welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2015 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the conference has a question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today’s call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, well good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter 2015 conference call. With me on today's call is Gene Cassis, the Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal custom I will start with an overview of the business then Gene will follow with details of our financial results and an outlook for our business in the second quarter and for the full year 2015. But before we start, I’d like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Gene Cassis: Thank you, Doug. During the course of this conference call we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for the second quarter 2015 and for full year 2015. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, please see our Form 10-K Annual Report for fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding our possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 2015. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials and that was included in this morning's press release also. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thanks, Gene. Well, we had a strong and a very encouraging start to 2015. The strong business momentum that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2014 continued through the current quarter with strength in our pharmaceutical life science end markets and improving sales growth in China. The 15% organic growth rate that we saw in the quarter was geographically broad based and also very balanced across our major product lines, with instrument system sales and recurring revenue both at mid-teens growth rates. Looking at our operating divisions, Waters' division constant currency sales grew 15%. The strength that we saw in quarter for this division partially included the benefits to a favorable basic comparison and additional selling days in the quarter. Similarly our TA Instruments Division enjoyed a strong start to the year and delivered 14% growth. Currency translation reduced our overall cost in currency sales growth by 8% in the quarter as a result of the U.S. dollar strengthening against all major currencies. A highlight of the quarter was the continued strong growth of our business in the broadly defined life science and pharmaceutical market, a trend that has benefitted Waters' overall growth for the past year or so. All meaningful application segments of our pharma business performed well in the first quarter and contributed to the high-teen sales growth for this market. For research applications for large biopharmaceuticals to more classical small molecule QC testing demand for instruments, services and chemistry consumable was robust. As we saw in 2014 a lion share of our pharmaceutical growth came from smaller specialty and generic customers. Our global chemical analysis business at the Waters' division including food, environmental and industrial chemical markets was up 10% in the quarter. This non-life science segment strength was also seen in our TA Instruments results that I'll describe in more details shortly. Geographically for the Water's division sales in the U.S. were up about 20%. In the quarter we saw continued strength in life science spending and solid increases in the U.S. government and academic sales which were up 7%. Sales growth in Europe for the Water's division and at constant currency was up 13%. As in the U.S. we saw strong life science, government and academic spending. Turning to Asia, sales in China, our largest Asian market were up 16% with sales to life science and other private sector labs driving the overall sales growth. This marks the second quarter in a row of double-digit growth in China and this is performance more consistent with what we've seen over the long-term. Water's division's constant currency sales in Japan were flat with the prior years with strong life science and chemical industry demand offsetting a decline in public sector spending which was strong in the prior year's quarter. In India Waters' division sales were up at a strong double-digit pace, as we saw during 2014 the first quarter's growth in India was primarily associated with higher instrument, software and service sales to the generic drug industry. Our sales in Asian markets outside of Japan, China and India grew at a healthy mid-teens rate in the quarter. Our TA instrument's division saw a 14% increase in sales this quarter and geographically TA shipments were strong in most regions with the exception of Europe where the division enjoyed robust growth in the prior year's first quarter. From a product line perspective TA benefitted from strong shipments of instrument systems embodying technologies from businesses that the division recently acquired as well as from its core thermal and rheology platforms. Now I'll discuss some product line dynamics that we saw for the Waters' division in the quarter. The division's recurring revenues, the combination of service and consumables grew 15% at consumables growth was balanced across geographical regions with continued strong uptake of ACQUITY UPLC column offerings including our recently introduced line of CORTECS columns and for our new column chemistry tailored for protein separations. Waters' division service business also performed very well in the quarter and grew with a 16% rate with extra business days in the quarter benefitting our service growth by a few percentage points. Extra selling days aside, the strength in the service business was geographically balanced and was strongly correlated to general strength that we saw in our pharmaceutical life science end market. Waters' division instrument sales grew 15% in the first quarter. This growth was balanced between LC and LC/MS technology platforms and highlighted by continued strong uptake of the ACQUITY QDa Detector and positive uptake of new UPLC-MS systems launched in mid 2014 at the ASMS conference. Notably our Xevo TQ-S micro tandem quadrupole technology. On the new product front we started off 2015 with new launches by both the Waters' and TA Instruments division at this year's Pittsburgh Conference in March. Highlights of the conference included our full spectrum molecular imaging system and our GlycoWorks RapiFluor-MS labeling technology. Our new full spectrum molecular imaging system embodies the convergence of MALDI and DESI ionization technology with high performance ion mobility and Q-Tof Mass Spectrometry. New research workflows are enabled with this system with advanced software which more easily provides researchers with actionable information on the location and distribution of key chemical compounds and tissue samples. Our GlycoWorks labeling kit represents a major advance in Glycan analysis. Glycan's a sugar molecules bonded to protein backbones which can meaningfully affect the biological activity of protein based biopharmaceuticals. The structure, frequency and location of these bonded sugars are variable in the biosynthesis of protein based drugs and consequently are important to characterize as part of drug discovery development and quality manufacture. Our new GlycoWorks kit is been received by leading researches in this field as a breakthrough technology, that's exclusive to Waters. Our early customer are experiencing more comprehensive analytical results and a fraction of the time required to perform what they have perceived to be the best LCMS methodology. We believe that this technology is well suited to improve the quality testing of new biologic drugs including the QC testing of bio generics or biosimilar drugs, and may likely set a new standard for required regulatory testing. In addition, this new workflow is designed to be carried out on a tailored AQUITY UPLC system outfitted with our innovative QDa detector. Another first quarter 2015 development that's important to mention is an agreement that we have entered into with PerkinElmer Corporation. Under this agreement Waters will manufacture and supply chromatography components for PerkinElmer that PerkinElmer will in turn sell on service as PerkinElmer branded LC Systems to non-life science market segments. In addition Waters also has agreement to supply PerkinElmer within power workstations software for LC and GC applications for new as well as existing installations. We expect that this new initiative will afford Waters an opportunity to profitably grow our 2015 sales by an additional 1% or so. On the January call, I outlined for you our health science initiatives and some of the longer term plans that we have to position Waters as a technological leader in emerging fields of mass spectrometry based disease, characterization and diagnosis. You may recall my discussion on REIMS technology and its potential future usages for diagnostic and even surgical applications. I also mentioned that pursuing this type of opportunity represented a new type of investment for Waters one that potentially expands our business reach beyond more classical bio-analytical research segments. While I'm pleased to tell you that during the first quarter of 2015, we've continued to expand the funding of this strategic program. And in fact at this year's ASMS conference in St. Louis, you will begin to hear about some initial product offerings that will further indicate the trajectory and potential of this exciting initiative. So in summarizing this quarter's performance, I will reiterate that we are pleased with the breadth and depth of the demand for our products and services. In addition we demonstrated an ability to drive both operational and non-operational leverage and growing our earnings per share by more than 30%. Free cash flow in the quarter a metric that you know I follow closely was impressive and we generated about $0.30 of free cash flow from each dollar of sale. But before turning over to Gene, I'd like to say a few words about our non-operational plans. In 2015 we expect another year of strong free cash flow and anticipate continued capital deployment towards our share repurchase program. On an M&A front, it's likely that we'll continue to target smaller bolt-on businesses. On the leadership transition front, we continue to make steady progress on the search for a CEO replacement from the start of this process; we have focused on achieving a best match fit between the experience set and track record over potential successor and the unique drivers of Waters' performance. These drivers include commitments to technological leadership, to financial discipline and to the maintenance of close customer relationships. So please stay tuned for updates on this front and know that the successful completion of this transition process continues to be a high priority for me and for our Board of Directors. So on closing 2015 is off to a strong start with all segments of our business performing well. In the upcoming months we've plan to introduce a series of exciting new products which will benefit our third and fourth quarters sales. We are encouraged by the broad geographical and product line strengths that have will helped us deliver superior results in recent quarters and look forward to successfully executing our business plans throughout 2015. Now I'll like to turn it to Gene for a review of our financials.
Gene Cassis: Well thank you Doug and good morning all, at $460 million our first quarter revenues increased 15% before currency translation. Currency translation reduced sales growth in the quarter by 8% resulting in 7% reporting sales growth. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 32% to $1.21 in comparison to earnings of $0.92 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.15 compared to $0.82 last year. Reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release that we issued this morning. Looking at our growth geographically and before foreign currency effects, U.S. sales were up 20%, Europe was up 10%, Japan was flat and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 20% with strong demand in India and China, rest of world sales were up 12%. On the product front and again in constant-currency within the Waters division, instrument system sales increased by 15% and our recurring revenues grew by 15%. So consequently the division sales were up 15%. For our TA instruments division, constant-currency sales including instruments and services increased by 14%. Now, I'd like to comment on our first quarter's non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins came in at 58.9% up from 56.4% in the first quarter of last year. This improvement can be attributed to a combination of factors including higher sales volume, positive mix dynamics and successful ongoing engineering efforts aimed at reducing product manufacturing costs. Moving down the P&L, SG&A expenses were up 9% on a constant-currency basis. The impact of currency translation reduced SG&A by about 9%. R&D expenses increased due to our ongoing spending associated with new product development and increased incremental spending related to our health science initiative. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate for the quarter was 14%, for the full year 2015 we expect our operating tax rate to come in at around 14% and in this projection we have not assumed the reestablishment of the United States R&D tax credit. In the quarter, net interest expense was $7 million and share count came in at 83.8 million shares or approximately 2.1 million shares lower than in the first quarter of last year. This is a result of our share repurchase program. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $2.1 billion and debt came in at $1.5 billion bringing us to a net cash position of $624 million. As for first quarter share repurchases, we bought 710,000 shares of our common stock for $85 million. This leaves $684 million remaining on our authorized share repurchase programs. We define free cash flow is cash from operations less capital expenditure plus non-cash benefits from stock based compensation accounting and excluding unusual non-recurring items. In the first quarter of 2015 free cash flow came in at $138 million after funding $21 million of capital, excluded from this amount is approximately $2 million of investments associated with major facility expansion. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 78 days in the quarter. The quarter inventories increased by $11 million reflecting normal seasonal patterns. Now I'll discuss our 2015 full year outlook. While we had a stronger top-line growth rate in the first quarter than we had expected. Contributing significantly to this strong start was continued strength in our pharmaceutical life science end markets. In addition, we benefited from stronger shipments of TA Instrument systems and continued positive sales momentum in China. We estimate that additional selling days in the quarter in comparison to the first quarter of last year added about 3 or 4 points to sales growth, predominantly augmenting our recurring revenue product lines. In the upcoming quarters of 2015, we anticipate that continued growth in sales we're broadly defined pharmaceutical life science customers, solid recurring revenue growth and stable to improving business trends in Asia will allow us to finish the year with mid single-digit sales growth before currency translation. Currency translation for the full year and assuming current exchange rates is now expected to reduce as reported sales growth by approximately 6%. Moving down to P&L, gross margins are expected to improve slightly from last year and came in at or around 59% for the full year 2015. We expect to manage our constant-currency operating expenses to grow at a rate that's less than our constant-currency sales growth rate. However, we anticipate that our R&D expenses will grow at a higher rate due to continued investments in new product development and incremental spending associated with our health science initiative. Moving below the operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $31 million. Turning to share account, our full year average diluted share account is expected to be reduced an end up at around 83 million shares outstanding as a result of continued share repurchases. Rolling all this together non-GAAP earnings for full diluted share are now expected to be in the range of $5.67 to $5.87. As we think about our expectations for the second quarter of 2015 our guidance anticipates that constant currency sales growth will come in at or around 7%. Currency translation in the quarter is expected to reduce reported sales growth by the same rate or about 7%. This top-line performance is expected to result in non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share within a range of $1.20 to a $1.30 in the quarter. Doug.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you Gene, and operator I think at this point we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you sir. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from Mr. John Groberg of UBS. Sir your line is open.
John Groberg: I think maybe just to start off, Doug obviously you have extra selling days, easy comps, and those things; but can you maybe just talk about some of the bigger opportunities that you're seeing out there that you think are really sustainable, that have legs, beyond just the easy comps and the days? I don't know if it's biosimilars. I don't know if it's some of these new initiatives that you think are just getting off the ground. Could you maybe talk about some of the ones that you're more excited about that you think will have durability beyond just the factors 
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure John. I think there are couple of basic things, that probably are not what you are getting at but let me reiterate we're clearly seeing a recovery in Asian markets that depressed sales growth in the '13 and early '14 period and now pretty clearly we're seeing a recovery in the India generics markets and this marks the second quarter of improving conditions in China and for the most part we think those are sustainable going forward. So clearly so as some depression of that prior year's I think we're in a benevolent cycle at this point. If you talk more about the applications we serve and the condition of the markets, there are couple of areas, certainly the heath science initiative and all that it promises from research into biomarkers to research into the phenomics dynamics and how it affects health, we're seeing a significant amount of investment that we're intimately involved in, in the early stages of that that we think have a lot of legs in terms of the investment cycle but also can lead down the road into the whole personal medicine and diagnostic space that being on the ground floor or helping develop those discoveries will lead us further down the path into the downstream diagnostic opportunities that is part and parcel of the foundation of the whole health science initiative. So we have a very strong quarter in that whole health science area, so it's already showing promise. You'll hear us talk more and more about our emerging technologies that Gene pointed to and the investments that we're making in REIMS technology in the iKnife that get us further down that healthcare path, closer to actually treating some of these disease states in the future in essence broadening our ability to service customers somewhat outside of our traditional analytical laboratory, so and you're certainly seeing the science of actual progress with biosimilars and biogenerics, we're certainly seeing a great deal of interest in our new glycol-protein products that we've just talked about. It clearly is emerging appreciation of the importance of characterizing these molecules and rarely have we seen the kind of initial interest in a new product as we have seen with this GlycoWorks application that we've recently introduced. So, those are a number of the areas that evidence the enthusiasm that we're talking about now.
John Groberg: That's great. If I can have two quick follow-ups, can you Doug, one on the leadership transition Is there any change given your comments -- are there any change to your expectation that you'll something by August? And then other one is given the FX regime, I know on some of your competitors have actually been raising price, are trying to, what's your plan around pricing?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well in terms of pricing we don’t anticipate any radical change, and certainly we balance pricing regularly, and we certainly look at pricing when we introduce a new product to try to make sure that we stay and sink across all geographic regions, but we present as a local company and all of the areas of the world that we do business, and so when currencies move against us in this phase we've got to find ways to stick with it and prove our business; and when they move for us as they clearly do in cycles, we don’t radically change our pricing in those local markets, so that's been our practice over a 40 year period and it's not likely the change. In terms of the transition in leadership, you can clearly assume that we're being very careful, methodical and examining carefully how we execute this transition. I continues to be optimistic that we'll do it around the timing that I have talked about I'll always said that this timing was a guideline wasn't meant to be a rigid hurdle rate that I'm not going anywhere come August 1 or August 15th, whatever that two year deadline is, and in almost any circumstance you are likely here my voice for a while post August. At this point it's certainly possible that we'll have something done by August but I wouldn't bet ranch on, it may stretch longer than that. I continue to say, we have high quality candidates but until we're ready to actually sign on the bottom line continue to say watch this space for further notice.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Tycho Peterson of JP Morgan. Sir your line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Doug, I want to try to kind of get your latest thoughts on the pharma cycle. I know in the past you've kind of talked about a two-year cycle where you can see seven to eight strong quarters, and then maybe seven to eight weaker quarters. Can you maybe just talk about where you think we are in the cycle right now, your visibility to that customer base, and can you do better than mid-single growth in pharma this year?
Douglas Berthiaume: Tycho I think partly it's an unfortunate characterization when people say pharma, they think the top 10 or 12 integrated pharmaceutical companies in the world and that group of customers says as you know, faced a lot of hurdles, they've gone through the mergers and acquisitions phase. If anything I think, we're probably come through the worst periods of reorganization and then cutting spending on that group. That's gone on for well over five years but I think, we don’t see the worst of that in the future, we think the worst of that's behind us. On the other hand, I think the broader life science community is clearly the more dynamic piece of this market, was last year, I think will continue to be when you talk about generics, biosimilars the innovative bio-tech marketplace, the merging diagnostic discovery companies and the discovery working arm-an-arm with the therapeutic pharmaceutical customers. So we continued to see very robust conditions in those market places, surrounding the classical large scale ethical pharmaceutical companies. So combined we are very optimistic about the opportunity that broadly defined market place to sustain the high single-digit growth rate that we're aiming at.
Tycho Peterson: I just want make sure I understand some of the nuances around guidance. You beat by $0.19, you raised by $0.09 to $0.10 overall. And then on the top-line looks like you're guiding for the back half of the year to be flat organic. Is that the right way to be thinking about it? Is the lack of more upside to the bottom line reinvestment and FX?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well Gene can start off and I’ll give you my tinge on it.
Gene Cassisa: Hi Tycho. Yes; we certainly had a nice start to the year but we also know that since we gave guidance last foreign currency dynamics have presented us with the stronger headwind. So in the first quarter results we delivered about $0.20 more than we had it originally anticipated, however, if you just look at the effect of foreign currency again applying it to the full year. You had an additional about $0.10 worth of headwind that we are dealing with, so in the guidance that we've presented going for the remainder of the year we've taken these two factors into consideration, little bit more headwind on the FX side, but acknowledging that we did have a stronger start to the year than we had anticipated. I would also say that as we go through the year, the largest quarter is the fourth quarter we had a particularly strong fourth quarter last year, so it probably makes sense to be a little bit more conservative on our outlook at the end of the year. Hopefully when we're talking to you again in July, we will have a higher level of visibility on business momentum towards the close of the year and be able to modify our outlook appropriately.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think Gene covered it pretty well, Tycho, I think, we clearly had a very strong first quarter even when you discounted for the base and for the extra selling days. No matter, how you estimate that effect, we're still around at 10% organic rate even if you cleansed it, so it's pretty impressive and if you look at our trailing 12 months results, we're at that 8%, 9% organic growth rate, so all of that's very encouraging but we're still being careful I would say early in the year, to not get too much ahead of ourselves. So I think it's fair to say there are current conditions could lead to better results but we want to be careful early in the year.
Tycho Petersen: And then just one last one, Doug. Can you comment on the 20% U.S. constant currency growth. That really stood out. You obviously had an easier comp, but was that all pharma or a TA recovery? What drove the 20% here?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, certainly the life science market was since by far the biggest market is that life science market that grew with that high double-digit rate but interestingly all the markets contributed double-digit growth rates, I think I'm right.
Gene Cassisa: Yes, and the other thing, Tycho, is that in the quarter in the U.S. as well as globally, you know the strength of the recurring revenues was pretty encouraging for us. Again we understand, that that revenue line benefits most from extra selling days but again even accounting for that at a minimum you're looking at what is now a pattern and a high single-digit growth rate for our recurring revenues on a constant currency basis, and that's something is very encouraging as we project out through the remainder of the year.
Douglas Berthiaume: As Gene mentioned that something I would like to emphasize, it's interesting that in the service and support market place in the last four or five may be plus years a number of competitors have emerged to try to address the broader service market. And essentially take share from us by servicing Waters gear around the world. And I am sure you're familiar with all of the players who advertise that they can service and support Waters and everybody else who is in the analytical libratory. I think it's telling that our strategy is clearly not to do that, we focus on our business, we train the best service people, we support our instruments. What that's led to is a service business that continues to grow at the double-digit pace and in this past quarter grew even much stronger than that. So I just think it's a very telling dynamic that the customer support for our strategy and the importance of that service dynamic tie directly to our business, is far in a way the fastest grower in the service business and all we do is support our own installed base. It’s very interesting dynamic that we'll continue to track.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Issac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Sir your line is open.
Issac Ro: Gene, I had a question for you. I think kind of gone around this topic a little bit; but if you could maybe give us the growth rate you saw in your biopharma end markets versus your academic and government this quarter? It seems like it must have been a huge number, given the strength of the organic growth rate for the total company.
Gene Cassis: Yes, the biopharmaceutical growth rate was in the high-teens for the quarter, Issac. And looking at our government and academic spend are all in again these numbers are in constant currency was at a mid single-digit rate, but that mid single-digit includes much stronger performance in the United States and Europe and it was somewhat offset by weaker performance in Japan and still not that robust spending on the public side in China, so all in we ended up with mid single-digit government and academic but there was a definite geographic pattern to be gleaned behind that number.
Issac Ro: And then just a follow-up to that. I think in the past you said that the majority of your biopharma revenue tends to come from the production side versus R&D. So just given that high-teens number you offered. Is that consistent to gain consistent again here, where the implication would be that most of your growth you're seeing was really on the production side? 
Gene Cassisa: No, it's interesting there is another geographic story there. We had a very strong performance as Doug and I mentioned in India. And given that that is primarily a generic drug market for us that was clearly production related, but as we begin to look a little bit more broadly at this pharmaceutical space or we saw a strength and from discovery through development, so a very broad based and is very broad based geographically too. So, I'd say that the long-term trend of half of the business related to production and production related activities that 50-50 mix is not too far off, but I would just say that we saw strength in both of those broadly defined segments in the quarter.
Issac Ro: Last one, if I could sneak it in. If we take all that in context with what we've seen so far elsewhere from your competitors, it does seem like you took a little bit of market share this quarter, at least in biopharma. Would you agree with that statement?
Gene Cassisa: Well, it's always difficult to talk about market share quarter-by-quarter, our experience tends to tell us that yes market share shifts to occur but they tend to occur over a longer cycle. I think, clearly in the quarter we benefited from our heavy weighting towards life science pharmaceutical and the underlying strength of that market. I think that we are at little bit more leverage for a better derivative of that end market and maybe some other players in the space. So, longer term, I mean, again Doug had mentioned that over the last four quarters our growth rate has been at the high single-digit level. And I think you can look at the growth rate of the industry as a whole and some of our competitors and you can make the assessment as you wish on that front.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Mr. Bryan Brokmeier of Maxim Group. Sir your line is open.
Bryan Brokmeier: In your prepared remarks you attributed the strong margin to volume positive mix dynamics and engineering efforts, improved manufacturing costs. How much of the margin expansion would you attribute to each of those?
Gene Cassisa: It's actually pretty well balanced on that front. The results for the quarter where you saw in our nice 200 basis point improvement and gross margins compared to the prior year result. It just demonstrates how -- with the positive sensitivity is of our gross margin to volume. But I'd say in the quarter we had nice contributions from volume from product mix and part of that mix includes a nice strong performance from our TA group that has a wonderful profitably profile, so I would say looking at those factors probably volume and mix were the biggest components on top that, we ended up benefiting from some of our cost improvement efforts.
Bryan Brokmeier: And despite the really strong revenue, SG&A was flat year-over-year. Was all of that through cost containment, as well, or were there any delays in needed expenses, or delays in additions to your head count that we'll see causing increase in expenses over the next few quarters?
Gene Cassisa: Actually if we look at the business in constant currency we're able to grow to top line 15% in constant currency with 9% SG&A growth rate, so it's impressive leverage. But we did grow our SG&A again in constant currency by 9%, what you are also seeing is the effective weaker euro and recognizing that we have a meaningful spend in Europe. We also saw benefits from the pound on that front too, some costs. So as you begin to look at the actual SG&A growth, the main reason why it was flat is because we benefited on the operating expense side from lower yen and from the lower euro and from the lower pound.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Mr. Derik de Bruin of Bank of America. Sir your line is open.
Derik de Bruin: There's been a lot of noise and potential consolidation activity being discussed in sort of like in the spec pharma space and the generic space. I know Teva is one of your largest customers. I guess when you save all the combinations and possibilities going on in the spec back in that market, do you -- is there any one particular area combination that would make you nervous? Is there any potential impact in terms of how people deploy their fleets of LCs in that? I'm trying to think of how you see all this -- how you think all the generic and spec pharma consolidation is going to play out to your business?
Douglas Berthiaume: Derik, I think it is true that when the large ethical pharma companies went through that binge of merging, they ultimately cut R&D and that ultimately -- certainly had a short-term affect on demand. So we clearly saw a blip down after a big merger with those big ethical pharmaceutical companies. And the ones that you're talking about with Teva and Mylan and Perrigo, much less likely to see a significant impact, because those are driven off production, most of our sales to those customers are pill count. And so you are not going to see a significant change in pill count and unlikely to see a significant impact related to those of kinds of companies.
Derik de Bruin: And then one quick follow-up. Was there any significant bulk purchases during the quarter? I know you've got some stuff with the UK's Phenome Centre. I know there were some potential grants that are pending for that. Was there any unusual volume purchases in the quarter in mass spec or LC?
Douglas Berthiaume: No.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Paul Knight of Janney Capital Markets. Sir your line is open.
Paul Knight: Doug you seem very excited about GlycoWorks. Could you talk a little more about it? Is there anybody you see on the horizon that could offer anything comparable? I guess quantifying it, was it a lot of your growth, or is it just rolling out now?
Douglas Berthiaume: Paul, it's really just rolling out now. I have Art sitting next to me who, if I let him speak, he'd have you convinced it's going to change the nature of the western world, so he might break in here any minute any way, but we are extraordinarily excited about it. I think I said it's certainly unusual that we have seen the amount of customer reaction to the introduction of this product. The reaction of our field force who -- it's a premium price product and they might even be telling us we're under pricing it, it is so strong and so good in the customers eyes. However it was just introduced at Pittcon, so we didn't see any real economic impact of it in the first quarter. But I will unleash Art in here and let him chime in on how he feels about this.
Art Caputo: And I'll try not to be too extravagant for Doug here. But I think the reason for our optimism for this particular chemistry and keep in mind that most of our innovations and impact in the market place originated chemistry. UPLC originated as a chemistry advance. This particular application predominantly in the biopharmaceutical life science arena, where our customers are producing biologically based drugs, glycan testing is pervasive requirement. It's done from research, through development and through the production process and it's an FDA requirement. And so understanding the glycan profile of a biological is of extreme importance. The existing technology that laboratory's conduct today takes more than a day to prepare samples, its costly, keep in mind there are millions of samples run per year. The technology that we have is exclusive proprietary and it reduces the analysis time down to roughly hours, hour compared to whole day. It enables you to detect by both fluorescence and mass spectrometry so it provides a lot more information keeping in mind it's a critical assay to characterize the glycan content. It affects the quality of these drugs, so there are two attributes to these. One is, it greatly improves the productivity of the assay, number one and number two it improves the quality and the content of the information you get. So considering that we just launched this, there is standing room only and we've actually had to rebook seminars, the early responses from the primary users of this technology is been outstanding. So we're more excited about it, what's even more exciting besides it being a renewable, repeatable chemistry business is that we're seeing that a lot of analytical products are particular QDa which is our benchtop mass spectrometer when combined with this chemistry is a very attractive analytical tool for those in the research and development side of the equation. So for us, it's in early stages, we're in a development phase, but the early acceptance of this is quite exciting and I don't see think we've seen a chemistry product since the introduction of UPLC that it has raised such an excitement level in what is a fairly attractive segment in the market place right now, where this type of requirement is necessary. So that's the essence of the opportunity and the additional response is outstanding. Does that cover it Paul?
Paul Knight: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Doug Schenkel of Cowen and Company. Sir your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: My first question has two parts, and is specific to China. I think you indicated China revenue grew 16% year-over-year in the quarter in the Waters' division. Commentary has clearly been really encouraging. The first part of the question is when you say growth is improving, are you just pointing at growth relative to a favorable comp or do you believe that China is actually improving, as measured relative by demand over the last couple of quarters. And the second part is does your full-year guidance still embed the assumption that China revenue grows at mid-single-digit levels, or is there some change to that, given strong Q1 performance? 
Gene Cassis: Doug this is Gene. We're impressed with having mid-teens growth rate in China now for two quarters in a row. And if I take a look at the drivers of growth in that country, it's a little bit more weighted towards the for profit customer and we're still seeing a little bit slower than historical demand from governmentally funded laboratories but we are somewhat encouraged by what we're hearing about governmental spending plans during this next fiscal year. I would say that as we begin to look at the combination of India and China and make assumptions about how those businesses will impact, our full year 2015 outlook, we're at least set a high single-digit level given strong start we have this year, so far early indications for demand in the second quarter looked like a continuation of the trends that we saw in the first quarter. So I would say that in looking at the geographical components that make up our full year guidance we're probably a little bit more bullish on Asia in general and India and China in particular.
Doug Schenkel: Another multi-parter, this time on the pharma end market. Just to clarify as a follow-up to a few earlier questions, what percentage of sales did say top 20 accounts account for today? I think that's probably down around 10%, which is considerably lower than it was last time we went through anything resembling a consolidation period. The second question, second part, is could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of replacement versus new customer placements within the pharma end market? And the third part is, how correlated do you think biopharma growth is right now with the strong equity market conditions that exist in terms of financing these companies right now?
Gene Cassisa: I'll start off, but you have to remind me Doug, what exactly was the first question that you started with?
Doug Schenkel: Top 20 pharma as a percentage of total sales?
Gene Cassisa: You're estimate is right on, I think as you know, if I go back a decade our top 15 accounts represented about a quarter of our business and now you're looking at around 10% of our sales from our top 15. So it is kind of interesting because those top 15 are actually companies that are the result of mergers that have occurred in this period, so in some ways it's even more dramatic. It's, when me talk about the top 15, it talks about the amount of business that we transact directly with those accounts. But I have to say that those accounts also are more frequently over the years have used outsourcing, so some of the money that we're getting from CRO accounts, from small specialty pharmaceuticals, some of the funding may actually be coming from some of those large multinationals, so that's another factor to consider. Looking at the replacement versus new, I mean one metric to consider is just looking at the number of HPLC versus UPLC systems that we're selling. And over the last few quarters, the growth rate in our alliance based HPLCs has been comparable to the growth rate that we've seen in the ACQUITY. That's an indicator that you're seeing both a strong replacement cycle as well as expansion of the business.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think in general Doug; you can look at the strength that we're seeing in the biotech, the innovative piece. The Gilead's of the world, et cetera, and say most of that's growth driven. You look at the large pharma and India for instance, some of that certainly on the big pharma that's a fair amount of replacement because we know they've delayed, delayed, delayed in a multi-year period and we've talked about pent-up replacement demand. We’re seeing some of that, we still think that there's more to come. So I think, yes we're seeing pretty good replacement demand in the big pharma world, but a lot of the novel life science segment is just growth in their applications.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Steve Beuchaw of Morgan Stanley. Sir your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: First on the expanded relationship with Perkin; thanks for the commentary there around your expectation for that to contribute about a point of growth. I wonder if that point of growth that you referred to -- is that a proxy for how this evolves over the medium term or does that reflect the -- let's call it early days of that relationship? And then maybe Gene or John, could you give us a sense for how that revenue gets booked, and how that revenue flows through the P&L, what might be the impact on margins?
John Lynch: Steve in terms of what it could mean and I think -- the points probably a fair estimate and might be on the conservative side. I don’t think it will be less than that; but where early days of this relationship, the very interesting thing and the reason why we were enthusiastic about entering into this deal is that we're dealing with customers that almost universally we haven't dealt within the past. So these are customers that PE has serviced as a broad range supplier. They go in and outfit an industrial laboratory with a whole series of technologies and those customers typically want to deal with perhaps with only one supplier. PE has not traditionally been one of the major suppliers of HPLC or UPLC, so, I think it became more and more expensive for them to maintain a development program. And so the fit between Waters and PE turned out to be a nice fit of the various requirements and we get this volume without having to support it -- at very much on an SG&A basis. So, the margins are very good and it doesn’t cause those barely anything on the SG&A line. And I think we're reasonably optimistic that this can grow a little bit faster, if we're right about the debt. So, Gene do you have anything.
Gene Cassis: No, I think you characterized here well. If this is the situation where I truly believe it's a win-win situation. Our colleagues in PerkinElmer wanted to really have high performance workhorse instruments to supply to their customer base and if I look at the portfolio of products that we are providing to them; I think they fit that category very well and also these are products that have been very effectively cost-engineered and are manufactured in Singapore largely for us too, so that’s another advantage in that, it increases our footprint in a very cost favored and tax favored production side.
Steve Beuchaw: Then one quickly on TA. How did the business track through the quarter from your point of view? Was it as strong exiting the quarter as it was for the full quarter? Then I'll jump back in queue.
Gene Cassisa: TA had a very solid first quarter and I mentioned earlier in response to a question as that, not only was the sales growth rate but you also saw nice improvement in the profitably of the business. Looking at the division, the growth benefited from new technologies that we had acquired over the past couple of years as well as from the core business in rheology and thermal analysis. And I'd say that looking across the quarter we saw pretty consistent results across the quarter and are pretty encouraged as we go into the second quarter and look towards the remainder of the year. Operator, I think we've past the bottom of the hour, so, we'll take one more question and then wrap it up.
Operator: Sir, our next question comes from Mr. Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research. Sir your line is open.
Steve Willoughby : Just a couple of housekeeping questions, first, I understand for your guidance for the full year the increased FX impact. Am I also correct to assume that your tax rate guidance is going up slightly? Secondly, the extra selling days you had here in the first quarter, is there an offset to that in the back half of the year? You did 15% organic growth and then guiding to 7%. Obviously it would relate to a pretty meaningful slow-down in organic growth in the back half to get to that mid-single-digit guidance for the full year? 
Gene Cassisa: I'll start with the second question and then move to the first question. You're absolutely right, as we look at the second half of the year, the base of comparison becomes a little bit more challenging and that we had a very strong second half in 2014. And looking at the number of days we do have fewer selling days in the fourth quarter. But I'd say that one of the things about a fourth quarter is that you do have the December 31st and requirement that people do allocate their capital spending, actually this is probably a little bit more of an advantage to the selling days in the first quarter and that as people release capital budgets, you might be able to get a little bit more towards the end of the quarter. But, you are absolutely right that we are going to be more conservative on our outlook for the fourth quarter due to a combination of the stronger base of comparison and to the fewer selling days. Looking at the tax rate, the tax rate that's embedded in our forecast is 14%. We had a tax rate last year that was a point better than that. The difference being that last year the U.S. R&D tax credit was enacted and we were able to take advantage of that, if that happens again this year our tax rate should be roughly the same as it was in 2014.
Steve Willoughby : Gene just one quick follow-up on the tax rate. Is there any update regarding your tax structure in Singapore?
Gene Cassis: It continues to move in a very positive direction, there's a feeling that the long-term benefits that the Singaporean government is looking for and our desires they are all very well aligned. So I see nothing that makes me uncomfortable about a continued very favorable relationship that results in a favorable tax position over the next multi-year period.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. And thank you all for being with us on this first call of 2015 and we'll look forward to updating you after the second quarter. Thank you all.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer Art Caputo - President, Waters Division John Lynch - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Dan Leonard - Leerink Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Miroslava Minkova - Stifel Amanda Murphy - William Blair Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Bryan Brokmeier - Maxim Group Dan Arias - Citigroup Jeff Elliott - Baird
Operator: Good afternoon. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today’s call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2014 conference call. We appreciate you being able to change your schedules in order to be with us late this afternoon. It was a result of the weather emergency and the mandatory travel restrictions that were announced this afternoon by the Governor of Massachusetts that we decided our best way to deal with it was to release earnings at the close of business today rather than wait for tomorrow morning when we weren’t sure what the conditions would allow us to do. So, thank you for bearing with us. With me on today’s call is Gene Cassis, the Waters’ CFO; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. Today, I am going to start with an overview of the business and Gene will follow with details of our financial results and an outlook for our business in 2015. But before we start, I’d like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Gene Cassis: Well, thank you, Doug. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for the first quarter of 2015 and for full year 2015. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our Form 10-K Annual Report for fiscal year ending December 31, 2013 in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning’s press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2015. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly compatible GAAP measures is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this afternoon. In our discussion of results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials and that’s included in this afternoon’s press release. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, Gene. Well, I am pleased to tell you that our 8% constant currency revenue increase in the fourth quarter was a strong finish to 2014 and resulted in full year sales growth of 6%, a rate that’s actually in line with our original full year outlook. And I think that’s notable, because you will recall that our first quarter was significantly weaker than originally planned. So, we saw significant strengthening in the business as the year progressed. Looking at the full year, the big story was stronger demand from our pharmaceutical sector. This strength was geographically broad-based with improved demand from both research and quality control segments. So, with this increase in global pharmaceutical business that offset the softer demand that we and others saw in China throughout most of 2014. Consistent with our history and carefully managed – we carefully managed our expenses through the year, while launching new instrument systems and integrating a handful of small acquired businesses. So, for the full year, our adjusted earnings per share were up 9% after foreign currency headwinds reduced earnings per share by about $0.22 or 4%. Looking at the fourth quarter constant currency sales for the corporation were up 8% with instrument systems growing 6% and our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chemistry consumables up a strong 10%. If you look at our operating divisions Waters Division sales grew by 10%, again at constant currency. The strength that we saw in the quarter for the Waters Division was very encouraging and as the division saw a similar growth in the fourth quarter 2013. So that made for a tough base of comparison. Our TA Instrument Division sales declined at 5% in the fourth quarter. And I will describe the contributing dynamics shortly. Currency and translation reduced our sales growth by 5% in the quarter as a result of the U.S. dollar strengthening against all major currencies. Geographically and for the Waters Division sales in the U.S. were up 12%. In the quarter we saw a continued strength in pharmaceutical spending and healthy government and academic growth. Industrial chemical growth declined against a very strong result in the prior year. For the full year sales in the U.S. were up 8%. Sales growth in Europe for the Waters Division and at constant currency was up 10%, similarly to the U.S. we saw a strong pharmaceutical, government and academic spending. For the full year Waters Division European sales were up 6% and benefited from stronger pharmaceutical sales growth throughout most of the year. We came into the year with some concern that general economic conditions would limit our growth in Europe. However, the large proportion of our sales to pharmaceutical end markets in combination with very positive uptake of our advanced mass spectrometry instruments by academic and government labs allowed us to deliver a very solid full year performance. In Asia, China is our largest market and I am pleased to report that shipment volume increased nicely in the fourth quarter and revenues grew 13% for the Waters Division. Consistent with Europe and the U.S., sales to pharma and government supported research labs drove the overall sales growth in China. Though I feel it’s premature on the basis of one quarter to believe that business conditions in China will allow us to grow at a much accelerated rate in future quarters, we are encouraged by the fourth quarter’s improvement. Waters Division constant currency sales in Japan were up moderately in the quarter with stronger pharmaceutical and chemical industry demand offsetting a decline in public sector spending. In the quarter Waters Division sales in India were up over 20%. The 2014 growth in India was primarily associated with higher instrument, software and service sales from the generic drug industry. Top line growth strengthened across the year and we believe that last year’s business momentum will sustain into 2015 as drug firms continue to expand their manufacturing capacity and make needed investments to ensure regulatory compliance. Our sales in Asian markets outside of Japan, China and India grew moderately in the quarter. Our TA Instruments Division saw a mid-single digit decline in sales in the quarter admittedly against a strong result delivered in the prior year’s quarter. Geographically TA shipments in China were weaker than expected as the conversion of orders to sales proceeded at a slower pace. Globally sales growth for the division was affected by a generally slower industrial, chemical climate. Now I would like to discuss some product line dynamics that we saw for the Waters Division in the quarter. The division’s recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables grew at 11% rate in the quarter. Chromatography consumable sales were strong in the quarter and grew by 8%. Consumables growth was strongest in Asia and in the Americas. Overall, the business continued to see strong uptake of UPLC column offerings including our more recently introduced line of CORTECS columns. The Waters Division service business also performed very well in the quarter, including a 13% rate with balanced strength across all major regions in the world. For the full year and at constant currency, Waters Division service revenues grew 10%. Waters Division instrument system sales grew 9% in the fourth quarter. LC, LC/MS and informatics sales all contributed to the strong and balanced performance. And in the quarter, we began to see a positive impact from the new UPLC-MS systems launched mid year in at ASMS. Instrument systems continued to benefit from the rapid uptake of ACQUITY QDa, an advanced mass spectrometry-based LC detector that we introduced in the fourth quarter of 2013. On our October earnings call I described for you the REIMS technology that we acquired as part of our recent MediMass acquisition. You may recall that REIMS is an atmospheric ionization technique with potentially a broad range of applications, including a longer term potential usage as a medical device to optimize surgical outcomes, notably for certain oncology procedures. REIMS technology is complementary to other atmospheric pressure ionization techniques that we offer and are very excited about its benefits to our recently announced health science initiative. This initiative, which we formally organized in 2014, recognizes an important transition in medical research that demands a suite of advanced technologies, including research grade mass spectrometry to attain a more comprehensive understanding of disease. This molecular-based understanding will result in more effective predictive diagnostic and therapeutic tools to cost effectively manage human health. I am pleased to tell you that in the fourth quarter we began to fund the new internal research program to allow us to investigate and further develop REIMS technology for potential future advanced medical procedures. This represents a different type of investment for Waters as we have historically concentrated our research efforts on product development plans that were more closely aligned with the needs of our existing customer base. However, we view the value of this new embodiment of mass spectrometry technology and its potential medical applications as sufficiently compelling to cause us to slightly alter our strategy and incrementally invest in this effort. In addition during the fourth quarter, we also acquired access to advanced mass spec technology to more broadly support long-term applications for our health science initiative. So, in summarizing our fourth quarter results, I am very pleased with the level of top and bottom line growth that we delivered in a challenging currency environment. The strength in pharmaceutical spending in the second and third quarters continued nicely in the fourth. Our recurring revenues also grew impressively, indicating increased instrument utilization and demonstrating the strategic value in offering a full portfolio of technical services and superior column offerings. For our TA Instruments Division, the slower annual sales growth was primarily a function of weaker chemical industry spending. We feel that TA has a strong pipeline of new products that will drive growth in its core business in 2015 and beyond. Before looking to the future, I want to note that we generated record free cash flow in 2014, including a $115 million in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead to 2015, we believe that market conditions will be as good as or potentially better than those in 2014 supported by continued strong global pharmaceutical demand for our products. We are hopeful that business conditions in China will normalize and that our TA division will also grow at a rate that is more aligned with its historical performance. Gene will provide you with a more detailed 2015 outlook shortly. On the product side and for the Waters Division, we will continue to benefit from the rapid uptake of recently introduced strategic instrument platforms. In addition, at our upcoming technical conferences, we look forward to introducing new products and programs to benefit 2015 sales growth. Well, before turning you over to Gene, I would like to say a few words about our non-operational plans. In 2015, we expect another year of strong free cash flow and anticipate continued capital deployment toward our share repurchase program. On the M&A front, it is highly unlikely that you will see us in pursuit of a major acquisition and more likely that we will continue to target smaller bolt-on businesses and technical acquisitions. On a more personal note, the search for my replacement continues and I feel we have made significant progress in terms of candidate identification and development to complete this process in roughly the same timeframe as I have originally put forward. So, on closing, I want to reiterate my confidence in our focused business strategy, the discipline that we have demonstrated now over a couple of decades of primarily growing our business organically has enabled us to have industry leading ROIC and consistently higher operating margins and cash flow. Our results in 2014 confirm the advantages of this strategy. Our employees have been and will continue to be a significant competitive advantage for Waters. They embody and reflect our business strategy and their focused commitment to be the best at what they do in order to ensure our customer success. I personally appreciate their efforts and feel privileged to oversee this great organization. Now, here is Gene for a review of our fourth quarter financials.
Gene Cassis: Well, thank you very much, Doug and good afternoon all. As Doug mentioned, our fourth quarter sales grew by 8% before currency translation. Currency translation reduced sales by 5% resulting in 3% overall sales growth. On a non-GAAP basis, earnings per fully diluted share were up 17% to $1.99 this quarter and that’s up from $1.70 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.80 for the quarter versus $1.65 last year. Attached to this morning’s press release, you can find a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings. Looking at our top line geographically before foreign currency exchange effects, sales within the United States and Europe will reach up 10%. Our growth in Asia outside of Japan was up 8% and in Japan again before currency translation sales were flat with last year. On the product front and in constant currency, Waters Division instrument system sales increased by 9% and recurring revenues grew by 11%. Within our TA Instruments Division, total sales decreased by 5% in comparison to a strong quarter last year. Now, I’d like to comment on our fourth quarter non-GAAP financial performance. Gross margins came in at 60.1%, up from 59.5% in the prior year as the benefits of higher sales volume and positive mix dynamics offset the negative foreign currency headwinds. Moving down to P&L, SG&A expenses were up 3% on a constant currency basis. The impact of currency translation reduced this growth slightly. R&D expenses, including ongoing spending associated with the medical initiative that Doug had mentioned, increased by 7% again before foreign currency translation. On the tax front, our full year operating tax rate came in at 13%. This rate was lower than what we had expected due to the positive effects of higher sales volume in lower tax locations and a $2 million benefit realized as the United States R&D tax credit was reestablished in the fourth quarter. Applying its full year rate to our cumulative earnings moved our effective fourth quarter operating tax rate to 10%. In the quarter, net interest expense was $7.6 million and our average share count came in at around 84 million shares, about 2 million shares lower than in the 2013 quarter. This is a result of our continued share repurchase programs. On the balance sheet, cash and investments totaled close to $2.1 billion and debt totaled close to $1.5 billion bringing us to a net cash position of about $590 million. As for the quarter’s share repurchases, we bought 655,000 shares of our common stock for $74 million. This leaves $769 million remaining on our authorized share repurchase programs. We define free cash as cash from operations less capital expenditures, plus any non-cash benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual non-recurring items. Our fourth quarter generated healthy free cash flow at about $150 million after funding $21 million for capital expenditures, a level which does not include $2 million of spending associated with major facility construction. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 68 days this quarter, down 1 day from fourth quarter last year and sequentially down 5 days from the third quarter. In the quarter, inventories declined by $23 million in comparison to the third quarter. So, for the full year, 2014 sales grew about 6% before currency effects, while currency translation reduced sales growth by nearly 2 percentage points. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted shares were up around 9% to $5.47 per share versus $5.04 last year. Notably, currency translation reduced earnings by about $0.22 versus the prior year, somewhat masking the more impressive organic operating leverage of our business. Looking ahead to 2015, our outlook assumes a continuation of the market conditions that we saw in 2014. Specifically, we are envisioning stable increases in our recurring revenue sales, in combination with continued growth in our sales for our broadly defined pharmaceutical sector. We feel these factors and a return to growth for our TA Instruments Division will combined to help support a mid-single digit organic sales increase in 2015. Currency at today’s rates is expected to reduce 2015 sales growth by about 4%. Moving down to P&L, gross margins for the year are expected to be about equal to those in 2014, as volume-related manufacturing efficiency gains will likely be offset by the negative impact of foreign currency. We expect to manage our constant currency operating sales expenses to grow at a rate that is less than our constant currency sales growth rate. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $31 million. We currently expect our operating tax rate to be between 13% and 13.5% next year. This rate assumes that the U.S. R&D tax credit that benefited 2014 by about half a point will not be available in 2015. We plan to continue our share repurchase program throughout this year and we want to do that at a rate that will result in an average diluted share count of about 83 million shares. Rolling all of this together and again, on a non-gap basis, full year 2015 earnings per fully diluted share are projected to be within a range of $5.55 to $5.80. Looking at the first quarter of 2015, we are estimating that sales will grow at a high-single digit rate due to a relatively favorable base of comparison and for additional business days in the quarter. Currency translation at today’s rates is expected to reduce first quarter sales growth by about 5%. Rolling all these factors together, we expect first quarter earnings per diluted share to be in the range of between $0.95 and $1.05. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, Gene. At this point operator, I think we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Dan Leonard with Leerink. Your line is now open.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. Can you comment on the book to bill in China, were booking is greater than revenue growth?
Gene Cassis: Sure. I mean, I think that we ended up seeing a significant backlog, a reduction as we closed the year out. We did see throughout the year a little bit of build in terms of the order rate. So, it seems that the order rate was improving, but one of the big dynamics that worked in our favor in the fourth quarter was that funds were available to allow us to complete some shipments against the order backlog that we had come into the quarter with.
Douglas Berthiaume: Dan, you will recall that in we faced two separate issues in China. And I think most people are seeing this is that delays in actually getting the process of orders to the point where they can be viewed as a legitimate purchase order. And then even once the purchase order is received, the banking system slowdowns of getting money authorized to support a shipment were slow. We clearly saw some progress on that flow of money. So, we think we are beginning on those scores to see some breakthrough, but we are reluctant to believe that it’s fully something that we can forecast improving is in the short-term. So, that’s the state of the state.
Dan Leonard: Got it. And then my follow-up question, Gene, can you quantify the EPS, negative EPS impacts from foreign currency in your 2015 guidance?
Gene Cassis: Well, yes, I think as we had mentioned earlier that in 2014 the effect of foreign currency reduced the growth in EPS by about 4 percentage points. And looking at where rates are right now, we expect that, that impact will be a little bit greater, maybe a couple of points greater in 2015. Now, we have seen some pretty dramatic swings in currency lately. So, it’s unclear whether the rates that we are seeing now are really going to be the rates that we deal with throughout the year, but if we do use the current rates and look at our projected mix of sales, that’s where we think – what we think the impact will be.
Dan Leonard: Understood. Thank you.
Gene Cassis: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey, thanks. Either Doug or Gene, can you talk about the incremental spending around REIMS? You kind of alluded to maybe stepping up some of the efforts there, understanding obviously you want to grow expenses less than revenues, but how should we think about the incremental investment?
Douglas Berthiaume: You want to…
Gene Cassis: Yes, I can start off. I mean, it’s we actually did start to fund a program during the fourth quarter and we are looking within the fourth quarter, there were about a couple of million dollars worth of R&D spend that we can attribute to that program. So, you can look at that as sort of maybe a base rate going forward that will likely build off of. So, hopefully that gives you a little feel for what the level of investment is as we move into this year.
Tycho Peterson: Okay.
Douglas Berthiaume: And we have looked at the opportunity to accelerate that program, Tycho. You are talking about a program that could look at accelerated spending in the $5 million to $10 million annual level. We think we have some ways to look at programs that can contribute to not making that totally felt in the P&L, but to the extent, we are willing to bet on that that’s all reflected in the guidance that Gene provided.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then separately the pharma growth you have seen has been notable and seems broad-based, can you maybe just talk about how much of this is a function replacement cycle really hitting its stride, how much of it is from QDa uptake or alternatively share gains, other factors you may want to call out?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think it’s probably all of those. Certainly, the QDa has been very successful, but it certainly didn’t add up to the 8 to 10 points of organic growth. It may have contributed 1 point of that. We have – I have been talking about the pent-up replacement demand for a while and some people believe that others didn’t. I think we are seeing some of that as some anecdotal evidence that the industry went through so much pulling back that it was inevitable that at some point we would see some contribution as a result of pent-up replacement demand. We see some evidence of that. But we are seeing a big return to growth in India that we had a couple of years of repressed growth. I think most of that’s kind of macroeconomic and regulatorily inspired. We are seeing very good response in the biotech segment of the marketplace, that’s particularly vibrant area. And we are not seeing any reduction coming out of the top 20, 30 pharmaceutical customers. It certainly stopped being a drag in our growth. So and also again there is a piece here or a piece there, another piece is the strength that we are seeing on our informatics platform, to some extent that represents big pharma continuing to upgrade their information networks. But it also reflects the investments that we have made in the new unified platform and the response to that has been good both at the instrument level and at the larger network information level. So they were all contributing.
Tycho Peterson: Can you quantify what’s embedded in guidance for pharma for this year?
Gene Cassis: Yes. I mean as we look at pharma as the broadly defined pharmaceutical, it’s being more than half of our business. We are assuming in our guidance that pharmaceutical growth rate is at the corporate mid-single digit growth. It’s slower than we saw in the fourth quarter, so if we are lucky and the world stays the way it’s going now, there is some opportunity there.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. Thanks. And I will hop back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hey, good afternoon guys.
Douglas Berthiaume: Hi Doug.
Doug Schenkel: So within the Waters Division it was very solid, a pretty balanced beat in the fourth quarter. One of the biggest drivers looks to have been services though which continue to trend for the year. And I am making an educated guess because we don’t have precise numbers yet, but it looks like Waters Division services may have grown about 9% year-over-year constant currency and this follows a pretty strong 2013, which again was better than the division average. I am just wondering if you would talk us through what’s driving such robust services growth to rates that exceeds Waters instruments and Waters chemistry. And how would you describe sustainability and I guess while I am on the topic could you just talk us through the current margin profile of the Waters Division services?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, maybe I can handle the strategic question and Gene can jump in on the profitability. Yes, Doug, the – we have been doing very well in the Waters services you would find that the bulk of our high growth comes from planned development, as we instruments particularly these sophisticated systems that compass not only LC, but mass spectrometry and informatics, chemistry solutions. As we have shifted to pushing instrument systems, we find that the growth in plans extended plans has been very high. The beauty of this strategy is that they stay somewhat immune to outside forces such as third-party. Customers invest very heavily in our services and support to keep that going. Embedded within those plans are a lot of compliance services as well informatics services. So that has been exceptionally healthy and it makes up a very large portion of the growth. On top of that, our services also consist of a fairly large parts business. And as you build your base and you keep on getting your install base moving, the amount of instruments going into the base versus instruments being retired just it exceeds that retirement and we see this increasing momentum. So for us the services business is very strong. We feed it with new products and services. We feed the organization in terms of manpower to keep it supported. So for us it’s a perpetuating strength and we feel that our strategy keeps it fairly well contained within the confines of the Waters’ infrastructure and doesn’t allow too much outside force to come in and disrupted us. As you have pointed out, this performance has been pretty consistent not only over the last couple of years, but over many, many years. I mean, this was a particularly good year, but it hasn’t varied downward by more than a couple of points. So, it’s one of the reasons of this strong consistent kind of definable growth. Gene, do you want to talk about the profitability in that business?
Gene Cassis: Sure. If we take a look at our – our service business is a very attractive business for us. Interestingly at the gross margin line, it’s probably slightly dilutive. A lot of the costs that we have are labor costs are the people that we have in the field. But if you look at it at the operating margin line, it is accretive to the corporation’s operating margin, in the same way the chemistry business is. So, it’s certainly something that as it becomes a bigger part of our mix, it does have a positive effect on our operating income.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thanks for all of that. Very interesting and helpful. And I think somewhat related to that and I guess as my follow-up, if we look down below the revenue line into the expense line, you talked a little bit about R&D and that picked up a little bit in this quarter and if you actually factor in FX, it probably increased a decent amount. And I think for good reason most of us would agree that the incremental investment in REIMS in the clinical side. At the SG&A line, you increased, I think it was 1% year-over-year on a reported basis, on reported revenue growth of north of 3%, organic growth of I think close to 8%. On the surface, this actually seems a little bit light. I am just wondering is there anything to point to you in terms of product or geographic mix? I mean, this as you have just described, Gene, could relate to the higher services mix, is there a timing issue? I guess really what I am getting at is, is this the type of leverage that we can expect as we think about 2015 moving forward over the next few quarters? Thank you.
Gene Cassis: It’s interesting, Doug, that if we look over the past five quarters, four of them have been pretty impressive in terms of the organic growth rate. And if I think about the guidance that we had for next year of mid single-digit top line growth, there really is not a lot of SG&A leverage that’s assumed within that growth rate. And that’s one of the factors that was considered when we gave you the guidance on the EPS line. Now, the one thing is that we typically have a base growth – a base growth of our expenses at the 3% or 4% level. And so if you look at some of the results that we have delivered in recent quarters, we have been very good at controlling expenses. But again businesses grow nicely and we have to make investments, specifically in our field service operation to make sure that we continue to support our customer base. So, I would just say that I think we have been conservative in our guidance in the amount of leverage that we forecasted for 2015.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thanks again. Stay safe and stay warm.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Our next question will come from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Isaac Ro: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks. Just want to ask a question about the impact of falling oil prices. It seems sort of like sort of a very topical thing and while I understand it’s not the biggest end market you have just maybe what your expectations are just given the energy CapEx in a lot of areas is going to be down most likely 25% or 30% this year. Just trying to get a sense of how you think that will impact your business on a net basis given all the puts and takes?
Douglas Berthiaume: Isaac, not very much, directly to the petroleum industry, our sales are miniscule. It probably matters more to the industrial chemical segment as their feed stocks go down in cost, maybe it stimulates some of their spending. So, that’s probably a longer term dynamic if the cost of those petroleum derived feed stocks go down, but I don’t think you will notice the decline in the cost of energy from a revenue point of view nearly at all conceivable, because we sell to other divisions within the big oil companies that might have some small derivative effect, but I would not anticipate that. And as a consumer of energy, it’s likely that our costs, particularly freight costs could be meaningfully reduced, remains to be seen, but I would anticipate that.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Thank you. And then just to follow-up on the tax rate for this year, it sounded like even without the R&D tax credit, tax rate this year should be down a little bit. And if I went back the clock maybe 18 months ago, there was some concern that maybe a little bit of tax credit to the upside. So just maybe the reasons why tax rate looks like it will be at least in line if not better this year?
Gene Cassis: Well, I think some of the reasons why we have seen some favorable moves in tax rate of course some of the products that we manufacture in Singapore and Ireland did very well on the revenue side. And also we have a more significant component of the TA mix that’s U.S. manufactured. So, as the shift moved a little bit more towards the Waters Division that was beneficial to our tax rate. I think that we are looking at product mix and geographical mix for this year, 2015, to be similar to 2014. And we are not discounting the chance that we get another R&D tax credit from the United States government, but we haven’t taken that to the bank. So, we are I think realistic in the 13% outlook for this year and I think there could be some upside, but when you have tax rates that vary from the very favorable rate that we have in Singapore to the mid to high 30s that we have in the United States, it doesn’t take much of a shift in terms of geographic and product mix to move tax rates around for us.
Isaac Ro: Got it. Okay, thanks guys. Go Patriots.
Gene Cassis: Thank you, Isaac.
Operator: Our next question will come from Miroslava Minkova with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Miroslava Minkova: Hi, good afternoon. Let me just start with Europe. It has been very strong – impressively strong for you in the fourth quarter and over the course of ‘14, how do you think about ‘15 in Europe in particular as well as given the mix of economic headlines that keep flowing from the continent?
Douglas Berthiaume: The headlines are probably no more fearsome than they were through most of this year, Miroslava. We are certainly watchful as we began the year. Our organization was a little bit more optimistic I would say than we were and then they performed better than even that optimistic level. I think underlying it still comes down to the strength in the pharmaceutical sector that when you cut through all the noise, the pharmaceutical sector marches to a drummer that’s different than the Greek crisis or the Spanish crisis or something like that. So, probably the surprising thing that held up was the academic and government sector not only in Europe, but specifically there where we saw good results through most of the year. So, there is one area that we continue to monitor it’s that, but of course, the pharmaceutical segment is by far the most important dynamic.
Miroslava Minkova: Right, thank you.
Douglas Berthiaume: As that points out to me, the new products did well all over, but did particularly well in Europe both the new mass spec products and the QDa received a very strong push from our European results.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay, great. That’s great commentary. And on the TA division, I appreciate it was a weak comp – I am sorry, a tough comp this quarter. Are you assuming that it will rebound as we go over the course of ‘15 or could there be a period of when chemical customers might be seeing some leftover pressure? Help us understand the cadence of the TA revenues.
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say we are quite confident that the results will be better than we saw in the fourth quarter. There is the confluence of events that saw a mid-single digit decline in organic revenue. We have examined that very closely and think that the events they are quite definable. And as we look at a number of underlying dynamics coming out as in 2015, we are confident that that’s not likely to be repeated. Early indications albeit early in the first month of the New Year are indicative that that momentum has definitely improved. So, we are not being overly confident, but the mid-single digit kind of level that Gene has talked about, we think is doable in this coming year.
Miroslava Minkova: Okay, great. Thank you so much. Stay away from the storm.
Douglas Berthiaume: I don’t think we are going to be able to do that.
Operator: Our next questions here will come from Amanda Murphy with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Amanda Murphy: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. So, just, I guess I had a follow-up on Tycho’s question earlier on the replacement cycle. So and this maybe a hard one to answer, but I am just curious if you take the broad sort of LC install base and then the LC/MS install base, is there a way to think about the aging there more generally, so I am just trying to get a magnitude of what a replacement cycle might look like on both sides, is it 10% of the install base, it’s right for an upgrade or 20%, any sense of how that might look and…?
Douglas Berthiaume: Art, do you want to shelter on that?
Art Caputo: Interestingly, on the LC side of the business, what we have been experiencing over the last few years has been somewhat the opposite. The cycle used to run 7 years pretty consistently. They seem to be – accounts seem to be stretching the cycles out on the LC side. In some cases, 8, 9, 10 years on the core basic traditional equipment. What we have had that has been offsetting that is the strategy that basically adds to that equipment. So, when you look at products likely the QDa and other add-on types of capabilities that we supply our upgrades, we look to offset those increased replacement cycles with additional capabilities which has worked out quite well for us on the HPLC side. Totally separate from that cycle, we do continue to see UPLC transition and replace some of the HPLC business. So, it’s not necessarily replacement cycle as much as it is than upgrade cycle. So, the dynamics are in a straightforward as a continuous where at replace. There are some other things going on and we try to manage that. The cycles on mass spectrometry are very different from LC side. It’s not yet fully matured out. There are still a lot of increases, performance going on across various types of mass spectrometers. On top of that, as I mentioned, we have added some capabilities with the QDa where we are trying to add HPLC detection. So, the mass spectrometry cycles tends to be much shorter where new capabilities will induce people to replace or expand at a much faster rate. So, we enjoy a much more vibrant activity on the mass spectrometry side which plays well for us. And I would add one more thing and that is that, with Waters, the biggest leverage we have in the marketplace is we have a very strong lead position in the separations business. We have a strong lead position in mass spectrometry and we compound this leverage by continually looking at the new applications and new capabilities trying to create new markets, new segments. The health sciences area is a classic where we are constantly bumping into new problems that need to be solved as people move from the discovery phase into this translational medicine phase. So, we can’t really talk about a one-size-fits-all in the broad scheme of how we manage the business. We have it segmented into multiple components across the company. When we put it all together over the last few years, we are really seeing it start to work and that’s essentially what’s driving the growth on a global basis for us.
Amanda Murphy: On the HPLC side, are you seeing that 8 to 9 years come down a bit then or is it still running at about that 8 to 9 years?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, one or two quarters is a little bit too hard to call. I think intuitively we are beginning to see a little bit of what I’d call pent-up replacement demand largely from the pharmaceutical industry who has pushed off this replacement cycle and dealt with reducing headcount. So, I think that has to account for some of our growth that’s disproportionate with the industry’s growth. So, we are so strong in the pharmaceutical market.
Amanda Murphy: Got it. And then just one quick one on the column side of the business, so I need you to say that the attach rate for UPLC was pretty high sort of 80% to 90%, so are you still seeing that? I know you have had some new products there and so curious if you are still seeing that and also is there a risk to that going forward?
Douglas Berthiaume: The UPLC attach rate continues to grow. It’s growing at a rate faster than the rest of our HPLC lines and we continue to extend that capability by adding new chemical moieties to the substrate and new products. So, the UPLC column business is quite a success story for and it continues to expand. And we see very little competition attacking that specific performance range in the chemistry line.
Gene Cassis: Yes. And Amanda, I think the attach rate continues to be very robust in the ballpark that you spoke about. I think the big opportunity that still I think is largely in front of us. But as we begin to see more migration of UPLC technology into quality control applications, we think we have a wonderful reputation for quality of these column chemistries for the people who develop methods. And if the past is any indication of what the future would bring that, that’s a great place to be once the new methodology goes into quality control.
Douglas Berthiaume: And that’s when these new drugs though we develop using UPLC come into quality control, but they are still not into the mainstream of that process yet.
Amanda Murphy: Got it. Thanks guys.
Gene Cassis: Thank you.
Operator: Question will come from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Gene, quickly on the currency for next year, can you walk us through how you get to the negative 4% headwind on the revenue line, exactly what the spot rates are that you are assuming from our end maybe close to….
Gene Cassis: In general, if I think about the currency story for 2014, it was largely a yen-based story. But as we look at 2015, there is going to be a significant contribution to the top line from the diminished value of the euro and we continue to see some drag for the yen. If I look at sort of the rates that we are looking at for the first quarter, we are looking at a euro that’s at about the $1.13 level, a yen at the $1.17, $1.18 level and on the cost side for us a pound and this works little bit in our favor at $1.50.
Brandon Couillard: Great. And for the full year, you are assuming basically today’s rates to get the down…
Gene Cassis: Yes. I mean, that’s who knows what it’s going to be. And all we can tell you is that listen, if grades are approximately what they are today, this is where the impact is going to be and we are not forecasting how rates are going to move through the year.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. And then one more on the outlook, could you give us a feel for the CapEx and operating cash flow?
Gene Cassis: Yes, I think on the CapEx side that the big investment opportunity that we have made in recent years is of course on new mass spectrometry facility in Wilmslow and in the later part of this year, we fully occupied that site. And I really don’t see anything on the near-term horizon that’s going to be a large consumer of capital expenditures. So, we are going to go back more towards a maintenance type of a cap level. I think if you saw what the capital expenditure was in the fourth quarter it was in the mid 20s. I mean, maybe projecting that out and thinking of capital expenditures that for the full year might be in the $70 million or $75 million might be a good estimate of what CapEx will like this year.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think with a free cash flow next year it should be around the $500 million level.
Gene Cassis: Yes.
Brandon Couillard: Super. Thank you.
Operator: Question will come from Steve Beuchaw with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steve Beuchaw: Hi, good evening, guys. Thanks for taking the questions and thanks for braving the storm out there. I really just like to focus a little bit on China. I wonder if you could first give us a sense for what kind of growth you are assuming in China over the course of ‘15 in the company’s overall revenue guidance? And then I wonder Doug if you could reflect a bit more on the comments that you made earlier about the outlook in China. It sounds like and you guys have been pretty consistent on this point, you have seen incrementally positive signs, but you are not willing to call for a really sustained recovery there. Are there specifics that you could point us to or is it more about maybe a mixed picture in terms of certain parts of China as an end market some better, more worse? Thanks so much.
Gene Cassis: Yes. Well, I will start off talking about our assumptions for growth in China in 2015. China represents something in the neighborhood of 12% of our sales. And what we saw from the full year on the sales growth for 2014 was very close to flat or just a tiny bit of growth for that business. We think that both looking at the momentum on the order side as well as the shipment side, there is some reason for optimism. And I don’t think it’s unrealistic to think about China as growing at around the corporate average for next year, so a mid single-digit top line growth rate against what is going to be a tremendously favorable base of comparison is a good base case scenario for us.
Douglas Berthiaume: And Steve, I think as you look and try to read the tea leaves in China, this dual track of how orders get processed and then how the financial systems fund that has been something that we face through most of the year in China. And at various times, we saw a little bit of progress on the order side and relatively little flexibility on the financial funding side. The thing – and I would say roughly we saw maybe a little bit better orders performance in the fourth quarter than we had expected, but we saw real progress with the financial system in being able to fund orders that had been previously booked. And so what begets what in China, I think is a fair question. Does the shutdown of the financial funding lead to reduced orders or kind of different things working on both sides of the equation? We take it as a positive that the funding has improved and our local organization clearly sees that. If you look at the projects and the underlying demand that we are seeing from customers and thought leaders in China, nothing has changed. They are still looking for – you would assume that the boom was still going in China. If you look at the underlying requests, the demand for new capabilities in the multimillion dollar projects that they continue to talk to us about. So if you gauge interest at that level, you would say wow, 2015 is going to be a robust year. So, we try to gauge all of that. I would say from a top down perspective, we don’t see how the cork can be held in the order side of this genie for too much longer. There just appears to be the opportunity to be bursting at the seam. We have an excellent organization in China. I have compared to anyone else in the life science tools business, its top of the grade and its long service unlike a lot of organizations in China. So, it’s been through the mill. And so, we are pretty optimistic, its business in these dynamics turns it all. We are going to be there to grab a hold of it, that’s why we think this mid-single digit approach is more likely to offer us the opportunity to grow faster. The question is will it come earlier or later. So, it wouldn’t surprise us if they were better than that, but it’s awfully hard to bank on that at this point of time.
Steve Beuchaw: Perfect. That’s extremely helpful. Thanks so much and get home safe guys.
John Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Bryan Brokmeier with Maxim Group. Your line is now open.
Bryan Brokmeier: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Doug you stated earlier in the call that you expect the TA Division to up in 2015, but the fourth quarter looks like it was the weakest quarter of the year. Is that because of an easy comp next year that you expect pick up or new products that you plan to launch this year or is there something that you are seeing now that gives you the confidence that it will improve?
Douglas Berthiaume: I will let Gene’s start and since Gene is very tied of this division. Gene, you want to…
Gene Cassis: Sure, sure. I think that there is a confluence of activities happening this year that are going to work favorably for the TA Instruments group. If you look at the long-term growth rate of that business on the top line, it’s been the solid high-single digit grower. Now, a component of that has been acquired businesses. And I think in 2015, what you are going to see is a nice delivery of some of the businesses that we have acquired more recently. We do have some new core products that will be coming to the market mid-year. So, we should have some second half of the year positive impact from those launches. And as you already mentioned, I think in comparison to prior year is this basic comparison affords us an opportunity to show some nice growth. I think that the pipeline looks excellent where both new products for the TA Instruments Division and as you begin to look at some of the customer dynamics, it looks like there is a lot of building interest in some of the newer product launches from that group that will begin to show their positive effects throughout this year.
Douglas Berthiaume: And as I said Bryan that, we can already see and I am normally reluctant to take January results to the bank and I’m certainly not going to go hard at this, but already in the January timeframe, we are seeing very good strong indications of better performance coming.
Bryan Brokmeier: Okay. Thanks. And another question is, is the money you are spending on your health science initiatives and it’s relatively immaterial or is it at the expense of investments in your core platforms or are you offsetting those investments with reductions in spending outside of R&D?
Douglas Berthiaume: It’s not so much – well, first of all, independent of this decision, we continue to drive productivity programs. And so, we do that every year and we are doing it in 2015. So, we fully expect particularly in administrative and in science support areas to be able to grow our sales faster than we grow the support spending. With the health science initiative, independently, we looked at that and said while the payoff is not likely to be in 2015, the opportunity, the clear outsize opportunity that we have here means that we should spend faster to get there. And so, we made the decision to do that in our plan. We also have some initiatives probably three or four separate initiatives that we think will pay-off and added operating benefits. Anyone of which might not have happen, but taken in total, we think will contribute towards minimizing the overall P&L pain, not all of it, but it will mean that we can offset some of this increased spending. So that’s probably the most I want to say about it. But it’s – we are not trying to rob Peter to pay Paul.
Bryan Brokmeier: Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dan Arias with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Dan Arias: Good afternoon guys. Thanks. Just one question for me, Doug or Gene in thinking about the margin runway, how do you guys see your ability for new product to be additive to gross margins. Just curious about the extent to which this happens and then whether that’s something that you sort of aim for explicitly when you are thinking about adding products to the portfolio?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, it’s interesting that typically when you have a new product launch the short-term impact until the volumes ramp is it has a little bit of a drag on gross margins. But I will take a look at some of the programs that we have introduced more recently in QDa and our new tandem quadrupole mass spectrometer. I think we have done an excellent job in engineering these products to be accretive to the gross margin. So I mean it clearly is something that we are focused on especially for products where we know that there is a large market and you have a lot of initial market receptivity like the QDa, like our new tandem quadrupole. So and again we talked about this earlier in the call is the positive impact that our recurring revenues have on our gross margins and operating margins going forward and that’s an important driver of our future profitability.
John Lynch: Operator, I have noticed the time and the conditions I think we could probably limit it to one more question.
Operator: Okay, great. Our next question will come from Jeff Elliott with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Elliott: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in and just one quick one here. Doug, when you look at the fourth quarter, what’s your sense, was any of this revenue pulled ahead from the first quarter perhaps in the pharma side or were there any large orders in the academic side?
Douglas Berthiaume: Jeff, the clearest indication of a pull forward and I have – it’s not often, but I can’t say that in 20 plus years of doing this, I haven’t seen some indications of major pull forwards. But I would say the clearest indication is that you see this big bolus of orders in the latter part of December and then you see orders fall off the cliff early on in January. Let me say that we clearly haven’t seen that. I am certainly encouraged by the kind of early momentum that we have seen in 2015. So it’s not a guarantee that it continues at a very high level, but I will say it’s very indicative that we didn’t empty the bucket in December.
Jeff Elliott: Excellent. Thank you.
Douglas Berthiaume: You’re welcome.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I want to thank you all. I appreciate you changing your schedules for this, who knows what the response would have been tomorrow. But we do appreciate it. And hopefully this is the last time we will have to change our schedule like this. We look forward to seeing you on a more rational schedule next quarter. Thanks again.
John Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And with that, we will conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, President and CEO Gene Cassis - VP and CFO Art Caputo - President of Waters Division John Lynch - VP of Investor Relations
Analysts: Ross Muken - ISI Group LLC Dan Leonard - Leerink Swann & Company Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Bryan Kipp - Janney Capital Markets Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. I’d like to introduce your host for today’s call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter 2014 financial results conference call. With me on today’s call is Gene Cassis, the Waters’ Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. And as is our normal practice, I’ll start with an overview of the quarter’s business, and then Gene will follow with details of our financial results and then update you with our outlook for the fourth quarter. But before we get going, I’d like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Gene Cassis: Thank you, Doug. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the Company, this time for the fourth quarter and full-year 2014. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, please see our Form 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2013, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning’s press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the Company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for January 2015. During this call, we’ll be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly compatible GAAP measures is attached with the Company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results and operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which include the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials also included in this morning’s press release. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thanks, Gene. Well, I am pleased to tell you that our third quarter results exceeded our expectations. Continued strong demand from our global pharmaceutical customers contributed to faster sales growth rates in most regions of the world. Margins in the quarter benefited from higher sales volume and favorable product mix dynamics. In all operating leverage in the quarter in combination with steady share repurchases, resulted in mid teens adjusted EPS growth. When you look at the third quarter, our constant currency sales were up 8% and our adjusted earnings per share grew 16%. That's clearly an improvement over the strong results we delivered in the second quarter. For the Waters Division, organic sales growth was 9% and benefited from stronger shipment volume to pharmaceutical end markets. Overall sales were broadly defined pharmaceutical segment were up 12% in the quarter and 7% through the first nine months of 2014. Global government and academic business also picked up nicely in the quarter with growth in the U.S and Europe leading the way. We anticipate the government funded instrument sales in the U.S and Europe will remain strong in the fourth quarter and see some opportunity for improved demand from government and academic labs and our larger Asian markets, especially for our more advanced mass spectrometry based instruments. Our Waters Division industrial chemical and chemical analysis businesses declined at a mid single-digit rate in the quarter, due primarily to weaker demand in Asia and weaker cyclical demand for food safety applications. Coming into the quarter, we remain focused on monitoring business conditions in China. Earlier in the year, delays in placing orders at governmentally funded institutions, contributed to overall declines in China sales. In the third quarter, we saw a continuation of this business trend and finished the quarter with a mid single-digit decline in sales, although a modest increase in orders. Though customer interest continues to be strong, we do not expect to see a dramatic change in the fourth quarter and will incorporate a conservative short-term outlook in our guidance. Sales growth in the U.S was encouraging in the third quarter. For the Waters Division, sales were up 9%, the same growth rate as we delivered in the second quarter. Growth was strongest in our pharmaceutical and governmentally funded segments and elsewhere in the Americas business trends continued to be very positive across most customer segments. Waters Division constant currency sales in Japan increased slightly in the quarter, with strong growth in pharmaceutical and solid growth in industrial chemical accounts somewhat tempered by declines in public sector spending, and that's a trend that we saw also in the second quarter. In India, we saw a continuation of healthy double-digit sales growth as generic drug firms resumed adding new instruments and replacing old ones. In addition, our service business in India benefited from strong demand for validation services as drug firms there are actively taking steps to ensure regulatory compliance. Our European Waters Division sales at constant currency were up 9% in the quarter. Pharmaceutical sales were up mid single-digits while our government and academic business accelerated and grew with a strong double-digit rate. Looking at our TA Instruments Division, global sales were up 3% in the quarter. The slower sales growth can be explained by a strong mid-teens growth this division delivered in the prior year’s quarter making the comparisons difficult. Geographically sales in Europe and Japan was stronger this quarter, while more challenging business conditions in China and in smaller developing countries slowed TA’s overall growth. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect constant currency growth at a stronger mid single-digit rate for TA. Now, I'll talk some of our Waters Division product line dynamics that we saw in the quarter. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew 9% in the third quarter. Waters’ service business was generally strong across all major regions and the trend towards higher penetration for service contracts was apparent in the quarter’s results. On the chemistry front, our Column business benefited from strong pharmaceutical demand in both research and quality control laboratories. Our new line of CORTECS columns has been very well received and we've recently expanded our high-performance column offerings for biotherapeutics. Waters Division instrument systems sales grew at a high single-digit rate in the quarter. Demand improved across most regions and especially for pharmaceutical applications, and for governmentally funded and academic labs. Overall, demand for research-focused UPLC MS systems was up double digits and particularly for proteomics and phenomics applications. Our new UPLC QTof system, the Xevo G2-XS introduced earlier this year at ASMS has been very well received across a wide range of lifescience applications. On the tandem quadrupole front, we’ve just began shipping our recently introduced Xevo TQ-S micro late in the third quarter. This new instrument delivers a unique combination of performance in value and a compact benchtop design and shipments in the fourth quarter expected to contribute nicely to our overall instrument systems growth. In addition, third quarter sales of our highest performance tandem quadrupole system, the Xevo TQ-S, significantly benefited from our new ionKey source technology. As you may recall, this technology integrates high-performance tile-based UPLC separations technology with our StepWave ion source to effect dramatic improvements in analytical sensitivity. Sales for this technology have been particularly strong at select international drug firms for early to mid stage drug development applications, and we believe that successes at these accounts will drive wider adoption. Speaking about mass spec technology, I'm pleased to tell you that we acquired the assets of MediMass in July. This acquisition provides us with an ion source technology called Rapid Evaporation Ionization Mass Spectrometry or REIMS for short. Though this new technology has value across a wide array of research applications and is complimentary to other atmospheric pressure ionization techniques that we offer, we are very excited about the longer-term benefits of REIMS to our recently announced health science initiative. This initiative which we formally organized earlier this year recognizes an important transition in medical research that demands a suite of usable advanced technologies, including research grade mass spectrometry to attain a more comprehensive understanding of disease. This molecular based understanding will result in more effective predictive diagnostic and therapeutic dose to cost-effectively manage human health. For example, leading oncology researchers in North America, Europe, and Asia are envisioning technologies such as REIMS not only for research and diagnostic workflows, but also for surgical procedures wherein careful extraction of cancerous tissue can be more effectively accomplished with a specialized REIMS probe integrated with a surgeon’s scalpel. This [ph] [ionized] concept currently underdevelopment, exemplifies the long-term potential for innovations in mass spectrometry in improving medical outcomes. More broadly, our health science initiative is recasting Waters as a key player in next-generation medical research. Working with leading researchers across the globe, we’re developing new workflows to more effectively cross reference proteomic, metabolomic and phenomic data to better predict characterize and diagnose disease. Going forward, we believe we established a strong basis and differentiated position to achieve market leadership and a rapidly growing and profitable business opportunity. Return now to the recent quarter, on the chromatography front, all major system offerings performed well in the quarter. ACQUITY instrument system sales benefited from yet another strong quarter for ACQUITY QDa mass detector shipments. And the primary application area for this new detection technology is in the area of small molecule drug research, and in the third quarter, we saw drug research customers purchase the QDa as a detection module for existing UPLC or HPLC systems as well as within new system orders. The sales ramp up of the ACQUITY QDa is on track to generate about $20 million in sales in its first calendar year on the market. Now I’d like to briefly discuss the outlook for the fourth quarter. Against a strong prior year comparison, we expect constant currency sales growth in the mid single-digit range. This level of growth will allow the Company to finish the year with a top line performance that's consistent with our original guidance, which as you may recall did not anticipate slower growth in China. For the Waters Division, we believe that the strength of pharmaceutical demand that we’ve witnessed for the past two quarters is sustainable and that our recurring revenue will continue to deliver predictable growth through the fourth quarter. We are also encouraged by the success of our new product launches, including the ACQUITY QDa, and our new Xevo mass spectrometry platforms. In addition, there are near-term and significant opportunities associated with the health science initiative that I discussed earlier. On the M&A front and for the Waters Division, we continue to see opportunities to benefit our long-term initiatives in applications such as food safety testing, microbiology, and clinical diagnostics by licensing and acquiring innovative technologies. For our TA Division, we will likely continue a consistent and focused business acquisition plan. However, given our primary focus on driving organic growth, we plan to continue to deploy the lion’s share of our strong cash generation on our share repurchase program. Finally on the leadership transition front, we continue to actively progress in the search for my successor. Our primary focus is to ensure a smooth transition and I look forward to sharing information on developments on this topic, probably during the next few earnings calls. Now I’d like to turn it over to Gene for a review of our financials and an update on our outlook.
Gene Cassis: Thank you, Doug, and good morning all. In the third quarter, our sales came in at $493 million, an increase of 8% over last year’s with currency translation neutral to sales. On a non-GAAP basis, our earnings per diluted share were up 16% to $1.38. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share were $1.34 versus $1.14 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release that we issued this morning. Looking at our growth geographically and before foreign currency exchange effects, U.S. sales were up 8%, Europe was up 9%, Japan was up 4%, and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 5%. Strong sales growth in India helped offset a 5% decline in China. Rest of World sales notably including Latin America were up 15%. On the product front, and again in constant currency terms and within the Waters Division, instrument system sales increased by 8% and our recurring revenues grew by 9%. In all of the Waters Division, sales were up 9%. For our TA instruments Division, constant currency sales including instruments and services increased 3% again off of a tough base of comparison. Now, I’d like to comment on our third quarter’s non-GAAP financial performance versus the third quarter of the prior year. Gross margins came in at 59% versus 58.1% in the third quarter last year as mix dynamics and continued manufacturing productivity gains offset some currency headwinds. SG&A expenses were up about 3% on a constant currency basis with the impact of currency translation being about neutral. R&D expenses increased by 13% before foreign currency translation, and a stronger British pound, in particular, added another 3%. On the tax front, we now expect our full-year operating tax rate to be around 14%. Applying this tax rate to our cumulative earnings, pushes our effective operating tax rate for the third quarter to 13.1%. In the quarter, net interest expense was $7 million and share account came in at 84.4 million shares or approximately 2 million shares lower than in our third quarter last year, a net result of our share repurchase programs. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1.95 billion, and debt totaled $1.4 billion bringing us to a net cash position of $516 million. As for third quarter share repurchases, we bought 735,000 shares of our common stock for approximately $76 million. In all, we have approximately $843 million in repurchases remaining on previously authorized programs. We define cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus non-cash benefits from stock-based compensation accounting, and excluding unusual non-recurring items. In the third quarter, free cash flow came in at $106 million after funding $17 million of capital. Excluded from this amount is $2 million of investments associated with facility expansion. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 73 days this quarter, down 1 day from the third quarter of last year. In the quarter, inventories decreased by $4 million in comparison to the second quarter so sequentially. As we think about our expectations, for the fourth quarter of 2014, and considering the strong quarterly comparison, we anticipate constant currency sales growth to moderate from the third quarter’s rate and come in at the 4% to 5% range. Currency translation at today's rate would reduce sales by about 2%. Moving down to P&L, gross margins for the fourth quarter are expected to sequentially improve from the third quarter of 2014. Operating expenses will continue to be carefully controlled. Moving below the operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $8 million, and we expect our operating tax rate to come in at about 14%. Rolling all these figures together, we anticipate non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share within the range of $1.83 to $1.93 in the fourth quarter. Combining this fourth quarter outlook with the results of the first nine months of this year, we anticipate full-year 2014 constant currency sales growth of about 5% and adjusted fully diluted earnings per share in the range of $5.34 to $5.44. These results assume the following: a modest full-year currency translation headwind to sales of less than 1%, a negative currency impact of full-year EPS of about 3%, a full-year operating tax rate of around 14%, and finally a full-year share count of about 85 -- an average share count of 85 million shares outstanding. That’s it from me. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, Gene. Carolyn, I think we can now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ross Muken from ISI Group. Your line is open.
Ross Muken - ISI Group LLC: Good morning and congrats guys.
Douglas Berthiaume: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Muken - ISI Group LLC: So maybe let’s start on the pharma side, this was obviously a really strong print and the year-to-date numbers are obviously quite good as well. As we think about through the components terms of the pharma sub sector is [ph] [zero], biotech pharma, small pharma et cetera, where are you seeing the biggest upside surprise and to what do you sort of attitude, I guess, that magnitude change as we have kind of progressed through the year, which it seems like it’s kind of gotten better?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, Ross it has gotten a little bit better. I think it’s fair to say. I'd say clearly this quarter India's return in the generic drug marketplace has certainly been strong. So that's a segment that we certainly saw here. Our biggest pharmaceutical accounts are up mid single-digit to little bit better. So that’s an encouraging outcome for big pharma who are of course relying on specialty pharma more. Biotech and specialty would probably in the mid line area of our market, the strongest performers over and above the large integrated traditional pharma accounts. So generics and then specialty and bio and then big pharma as we’d characterize it probably in that order.
Ross Muken - ISI Group LLC: Thanks. And then, maybe just turning to China, which has obviously been a huge focus and I think disappointing for many other than yourself. I mean, as you look at that market, what are you keyed in on -- in any of the end markets in terms of giving you any signs of hope maybe of a stabilization or improvement or where would you expect to see I guess the inflection first that may give you a better signal that at least some parts of that market may heal and improve versus other parts that are probably more structurally challenged going forward?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, in our business the piece that’s most challenged is the one that's directly government funded and supported. The piece of the China business that's expat, the large integrated companies is doing just fine. So it's clearly a government dynamic that's affecting China. And it’s pretty broad; it's not like a segment that is happening in research pharmaceuticals versus food safety or versus environmental. I'd say they're all being affected and I don't think one is being disproportionately singled out where it's a cut back in healthcare spending or I think it’s just this general concern that is capsulized in this crack down on corruption that I think its generally resulted in almost everybody in the approval chain taking longer to make sure all i’s are dotted, t’s are crossed and even when they’re they go back for a second and third check. So I think the encouraging thing is that our orders rate grew in the quarter. We are certainly still seeing the underlying demand there and it’s hard to believe that this whole condition can stay in the current condition too much longer. And as we said, we’re not anticipating a rapid turnaround in the fourth quarter, but I wouldn't be surprised to see some let up come soon.
Ross Muken - ISI Group LLC: Great. Thanks, Doug for the commentary.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Leonard from Leerink. Your line is open.
Dan Leonard - Leerink Swann & Company: Thank you. As you think about your forecast for 2014 in China is coming in weaker, what is the primary offset that offsets that versus your view which enables you to make up for the weakness in China?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I’d say generally in terms of trade classes its pharma that has continued to be a little bit stronger. We were probably always more optimistic than the analyst community, but it's probably even a few points stronger than that. I also think this broadly define healthcare initiative that we’ve talked about paying real premiums in a -- as the world continues to invest in genomics technology clearly, but also recognizing that proteomics, metabolomics, phenomics is going to be an important part of delivering meaningful diagnostics in therapeutics. They’re really ramping up the investment in mass spectrometry, particularly in the large-scale academic medical centers where we’ve had, boy, a huge amount of interest, significant order rate, and a drop sheet or interest level that’s very significant. So I think that piece of the healthcare marketplace is very strong and you see that reflected in our results and in our expectations going forward.
Dan Leonard - Leerink Swann & Company: That's helpful. Thanks. And for my follow-up, Doug, you made some comments in your prepared remarks about a cyclical downturn or cyclical weakness in the food safety market. I was just hoping you could elaborate. Is that wrapped up in the China phenomenon as well, or is there something different going on there?
Douglas Berthiaume: It's definitely significantly affected by China, and that we see in our orders in the quarter. But we’ve seen that food safety can be lumpy. If you look at it for the year, we clearly have a good year in the broadly described food market, but quarterly, you can find that Thailand booked $2 million order last year and won’t book again for another year or something like that. So we find these lumps of business, some of which we anticipate and some of which kind of slip from one quarter to another Dan. So, but calling it cyclical is probably a broad term that -- probably fair to call it more lumpy quarter-to-quarter.
Dan Leonard - Leerink Swann & Company: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. So, the first one is on the healthcare and the clinical end market, which I think you just talked about, Doug, and it did come up in the prepared remarks. This is something we’re hearing a lot more about from Waters. It’s not apparent that there is a lot of incremental investment at the R&D line or SG&A line related to that focus, although I’m sure there is some embedded in the numbers. I’m just curious, can growth in this end market occur at a meaningful and sustained rate without a whole lot of incremental investment in product development and/or channel? Just trying to think about how we model this really promising growth opportunity not just at the top line, but also at the operating line and, I guess, while we are on this topic, could you just provide an update on what percentage of sales this accounts for right now?
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure, Doug. I think in terms of the strategic approach to this market, you're seeing two things. One of which is something that we’ve traditionally done and you’ve seen us do for 25 years is we reallocate the resources at both the R&D level and at the marketing level to focus, we can move it as we think we’ve matured in one area and we can move resources into this clinical initiative. You can see from our growth in R&D, we have begun to increase R&D somewhat, but that's always been a hallmark of ours that we can redirect and then squeeze more out of our R&D spending than you might otherwise suspect. The other thing, you’ve heard of me talk about the acquisition of MediMass and the REIMS technology and the iKnife. So we’ve not dipped our toes dramatically into the acquisition for product or for acquisition sake. That’s something that others are pretty good at and we kind of focus our acquisition on technology or specific missing elements of our product portfolio. So we’ve done it with REIMS and MediMass, we did it with the TransOmics acquisition about 14 months ago. And we do it with partnerships, particularly with thought leaders in academia or in academic medical centers. That's been a particularly rich source with cancer centers here in the United States, with thought leaders in China, some of the biggest thought leaders in the world there, and in Europe. So, we’ve had very close relationships in those institutions and we can therefore leverage their brains and their willingness to work as partners in development of many of these technologies. So, yes, we might find ourselves on the margin having to allocate more resources, but we think we can do it within our P&L models without dramatically affecting our results.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then, I guess, my second question is on the succession plans. When you initially announced the plan to find a successor, you were clear in providing a window of about two years. So, there is still a decent amount of time left in that window and you've been clear it possibly could stretch. That said, I think it is fair to assert that many are surprised this is taking as long as it has, especially when you said in your prepared remarks you expect to have an update over the next few quarters. Could you just provide a bit more clarity on how this process is proceeding? And then, I guess secondly, I would think the longer this goes on the greater the risk that organizational uncertainty could become more of an operational concern. Do you agree? And if so, how are you managing this? Thank you.
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay. I think it’s a very fair question and I’m sure, you are probably the only one interested in this question Doug, but I’ll focus on it. The process is one where the Board of Directors is assigned a subcommittee of the Board who is principally responsible for the process. I participated with that committee as well as three other members of the Board including our lead Director. We have hired executive recruiters, and we have been proceeding through that kind of normal phase of going through phase one with candidates, getting names, betting their résumés, having initial interviews, then having second interviews. I would say that the process is not particularly troublesome from our perspective. Yes, we’ve had some candidates that we thought were going to be very good and might have proceeded very quickly, and then either they dropped out of the process for their own internal reasons or towards the end of a process we got cold feet and have moved on. I’d say, the process is kind of either on or off, and until we’re ready to announce a transition either internal and as the process goes along the opportunity for an internal candidate to step up becomes somewhat higher in probability or an external candidate. And you know every day as these mergers happen in our space and people don’t want to work for a bigger company, the population of potential becomes richer. And so we’re examining new candidates on that front kind of people who have more proven résumés and so I think the committee is very comfortable with the state of the process, with the richness of the shortlist that we’re working. We’re interviewing candidates on a weakly basis. But to some extent, I have always been comfortable with this window. I have always thought that it was going to take longer probably rather than shorter. As you can see it doesn’t seem to be hurting our results and we’re -- the organization listens to that story, is comfortable with it. And I think the evidence is that it continues to deliver excellent results across the Board. So, yes, maybe as the process winds along, you worry about continued performance, but I don’t think there’s any sign that, that performance is eroding. It’s quite the opposite. The performance is improving. And there’s no indication that we will be bereft senior leadership as this process goes along. We’ll continue to run it the way we’ve run it for 20 plus years and sooner or later we’ll have a good quality successor in place and we’re not uncomfortable with the particular level of uncertainty that exists today.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: All right, thanks Doug. That’s really helpful and congrats on the quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Good morning. Thanks Doug. A question for you just on long-term product design. You guys had it done in franchise for many years. As you pointed out the results continue to be strong. What is your philosophy around where the HPLC market is going from here and specifically what can you do to add value both in your pharmaceutical customers and in the research markets? We’ve had UPLC as a great technology for a while. What do you think -- how do you think about adding value from here forward?
Douglas Berthiaume: Isaac, I think, maybe unlike some others in the industry we always believe that this is a very dynamic technology. Others thought 15, 20 years ago that you had to focus on cost reduction and the cost of ownership that the technology couldn’t deliver more bank for the buck in terms of speed, sensitivity or resolution. I think the most clear example that that was wrongheaded was ACQUITY and UPLC that brought substantial new benefits to the user of chromatography. You look at our introduction of ionKey technology, the separation device particularly for use in the mass spec arena and early on the drug company users are astonished by the kind of user friendliness and benefits in terms of chromatographic results that result from that. I think you’ll continue to see benefits in that kind of technology, as well as just improved speed, improved separation products. One of the benefits that Waters brings here is our substantial capabilities in separations technology in the column technology. And that’s resulted in these things like ionKey and being able to configure chemistry in more novel delivery packages that prove useful for the consumer. You look at UPC2 technology, the use of supercritical fluids for bringing an additional tool to the benchtop and to be fair, we thought the UPLC2 was going to earlier on play a more dominant role, but I’ll tell you this past quarters UPC2 grow at a substantial rate, and we think that the future for UPC2 in any number of applications is going to significantly improve the toolkit for analytical chemists and will contribute to our growth rate substantially. And I haven’t even talked about data and the ability of novel new software and application protocols to bring the kind of benefit particularly in this healthcare initiative as we look at diagnostics and the research market place. So, no one has invested the kind of resources that we have in providing novel both chromatography and mass spec analysis capabilities into the healthcare marketplace and you’ll see that continue to push the market place forward. I’m sure if I’ve forgotten two or three important things that we’re also working on, principally in the hardware and the core pumping, injecting, detecting arena. So, I mean, I’m very excited about it and I think you can tell that we think we’re still perched on a future that’s very strong growth because of all these initiatives.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It’s very helpful, Doug. Just as a follow-up to that, the reason I asked the question is, obviously with the transition in management coming up there is I think some curiosity about long-term innovation in the business. So, if we total up all the things that you talked about between ionKey and UPC2 and software and diagnostics, I mean, if we look three and five years down the road, do you think those initiatives will combine to be let's say more than 20% of your business? Or just trying to think about where it’s going over the long-term? Are these initiatives together going to be critical mass such that you have a whole new leg to the business or at least a new complexion to the total exposure of your product line?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well I think what you’re going to see is this melding of pharmaceutical and clinical care. Right now kind of the pharmaceutical business is to take care of drug development kind of and then hand it over to clinical care specialists and that kind of discreet markets more and more the combination of genetics and phenomics in drug discovery and drug development and clinical care are merging together. And I think the combination of those things is something that works in our favor because we are important players in certainly all elements of that in particularly a growing presence with our healthcare initiative. So, I think it will be a little bit tough to discern how much is kind of in a more traditional Waters modality and how much is kind of new work with cancer centers and diagnostic initiatives. But clearly we think a disproportionate amount of growth over the next five years is going to come out of these new partnerships and clinical care initiatives that result from phenomics and treatment modalities that are going to emerge.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: All right. We’ll look for those. Thanks a bunch.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Paul Knight from Janney Capital. Your line is open.
Bryan Kipp - Janney Capital Markets: Hi, guys, this is actually Bryan Kipp on behalf of Paul. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess to start, I was a little surprised on the strength in European academic. I expected you coming off of a soft comp, but I expected some incremental acceleration here, but the strong I think you guys said double-digit growth was ahead of my expectations. So I just want to get some color there. And what are you guys hearing from customers on the ground in that government academic sector in Europe? Because I've also heard some budget numbers were released that weren't adhering to the EU restriction regulations on GDP ratios for next year. So just thoughts on whether it was flushing as well or commentary would be very helpful.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I’ll ask Gene to handle some more color, but I think the -- its interesting that in Europe you’ll hear us talk about broad base throughout this discussion. But clearly it was broad based in Europe. I mean almost every geography in Europe delivered good results this quarter. So it wasn’t just a U.K. initiative or German initiative. It was kind of throughout Europe we saw this kind of response and it was -- some of it was pent up, some of it was clearly as a result of the new products that we’re bringing into the market. And our sense is that, this is not a one quarter dynamic. Gene, you want to go into the details.
Gene Cassis: Yes. I think you did a pretty good job, Doug. But I would just add some color that, a lot of the strength that we saw in our European markets centered around our new QTof mass spec commentary offerings, and I think its somewhat of a product specific or a system specific strength that we had in that business. So, a combination of funding levels and a very competitive position based on new product launches primarily in high end mass spec commentary will grow the European government in academic growth.
Bryan Kipp - Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And just a couple follow-ups to that. Would you say sentiment is still pretty strong then on outward looking for your customers? And then, I guess the other kind of two quick ones I have, follow-up is -- your orders were strong in China at the end of 2Q, you’re citing strength in orders again 3Q, maybe a modest improvement in 4Q on revenues from China. When do think those orders will be pulled through? Is it more of a 6 to 9 tail? And I guess, I’ll leave it at that, there is plenty of other people in the queue.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think it’s hard to tell given the strength of the concern on the product customers with this whole corruption crackdown and concern. I think its good sign that we’re able to actually book these orders, but it’s still tough to get through the payment processes and the bank clearances in order to get revenue recognition. So, that’s where the Nitty hits the Gritty I’d say in this process. And until we see a more broad based sign of that, again this is largely in the Beijing area in the government controlled segment, but we haven’t seen that loosen up yet.
Gene Cassis: The color that I’d add to that is that we probably saw the biggest change in trajectory in the first quarter, and for the last two quarters we have seen a level of stability in demand. I’ll bite at a lower level than traditionally we’ve seen in that marketplace, but we have a backlog build and so I think there is some reason for some cautious optimism as we go into the fourth quarter that we’ll see some of these shipments in revenues be recognized.
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay.
Bryan Kipp - Janney Capital Markets: Thank you.
Gene Cassis: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Amanda Murphy from William Blair. Your line is open.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company: Hi, thanks, good morning. Just a question on the LC business also. Obviously you built a very strong franchise and the results clearly reflect that. I'm just curious, I know there have been some new competitive entries there. So perhaps you could talk about kind of the competitive landscape and maybe pricing as well, just given obviously the market is becoming or has been quite attractive. Have you seen any changes either on the competitive or pricing front? And then going forward how do you kind of view Waters' position from a competitive standpoint?
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure Amanda. I think to be fair, we face competitive offerings regularly in this industry. And I do think it’s fair to say that many in the industry have been playing catch up to come up to par with our kind of offerings. So it’s not surprising that people make a fanfare about their latest product offering. It’s a little unusual to have such a fanfare post pick on where most people plan to deliver their new products. But it’s a normal occurrence to us. I think you can see from our results that pricing is not suffering. Our margins, we’re strong in the quarter. We don’t see and frankly we -- we’ve been asked this question year-in and year-out about price sensitivity. We have to compete, but very rarely do we see our overall price strategy suffering as a result of new product introductions by anyone. There have been low cost competitors, low priced competitors out there from time and memorial. They will always exist, but they don’t typically have a significant impact on us. And I don’t know, if they’re having significant inroads in the LC market place then God bless them, then market must be even stronger than we think it is for us to be delivering almost 10% growth than them taking share. So, I’ll leave that to you to decide whether that’s happening.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company: Got it, okay. And then just on the bench -- you've obviously -- well, you talked a little bit about getting some traction with the new benchtop mass spec platform that you launched recently. Maybe you could talk about that particular opportunity. Have you thought about how to frame that in terms of size? What it could add ultimately for Waters’ over time?
Gene Cassis: Yes, I’ll take a stab at that Amanda. We did talk about strength on the sales line for our new QTof offering, but we just began shipping the tandem quadrupole offering late in the third quarter. I think you can appreciate that within mass spec commentary tandem quadrupole sometimes called triple quadrupole mass spec commentary represents the largest market segment. And our new Xevo TQ-S micro really hits the heart of that market place. And we expect that in the fourth quarter you’ll see us ship against a backlog that we’ve built and show some nice strength in applications ranging from DMPK applications through the applied market. So, all through this year we’ve had nice strength based on systems with the QDa. We’ve had very good strength on QTof offerings at the high end, and now I think as we enter the fourth quarter we’re going to be looking at the largest segment of the UPLC MS market and I think have a very strong offering.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company: Okay. Thanks very much.
Gene Cassis: You are welcome, Amanda.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Miroslava Minkova from Stifel. Your line is open.
Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Hi, Doug. Hi, Gene. Congrats on a very strong quarter. I wanted to go back to the pharmaceutical rebound. It seems like it is two quarters in a row now. And I was wondering if you could help us understand the drivers behind the rebound. Is it a replacement cycle that’s occurring after several years of subdued demand? Is it the new instruments that you have launched? How would you characterize it and how sustainable do you think it is looking out?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well Miroslava, I think its all of those. I think that’s the interesting part about the strength in the pharma market for Waters’. Clearly in the India piece which is largely aimed at generic drug manufactures you’ve had a multiple quarter period of slow growth going back prior to this year due to regulatory concerns, due to macroeconomic and political concerns. So that’s a pent up replacement demand, its regulatory that’s driving that market. When you look at the launch of the QDa detector clearly is a new product, new capability initiative that’s -- but really mostly aimed at small molecule analysis and mostly in more traditional drug applications. You look at the introduction of our ionKey again aimed at drug development applications be both in biotech and in large pharma. You’ll look at the strong service requirement which cuts across all of those and our service business in spite of companies that want to service all instruments in a company and those initiatives come and go. Our service business continues to be very strong as these companies continue to value the constant uptime of their instruments and what Waters’ brings in that. So, I’ll start getting redundant, so it’s everything, it’s really across the board.
Gene Cassis: I’d just like to add one thing, that if you look at the change in trajectory for pharmaceutical demand, one to look at it and say it really started in the fourth quarter of last year. Even the first quarter of this year if I looked at pharmaceutical demand in North America and Europe that was at a mid single-digit rate, but the other, three of the last four quarters we have had results that are pretty similar to what we delivered in this most recent quarter.
Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Okay. Thanks for the comment. For Gene, sorry if I missed it, but could you please -- could you quantify the impact of currency on 4Q, EPS? And I’m wondering if you could give us some insight into how you think at current rates it might play down into 2015 again on your bottom line?
Gene Cassis: Well, I’m not going to speculate on 2015 at this point, but -- and looking at the third quarter just the way currency moved through the quarter afforded us pretty neutral impact of currency on the quarter that we just reported. As we look at the fourth quarter we’re estimating that the effective foreign currency primarily based on what's outputting with the yen is going to result in some place between $0.02 and $0.03 worth of pain in the fourth quarter. So, that’s about the extent of it, Miroslava.
Miroslava Minkova - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Okay. Thank you so much.
Gene Cassis: You are welcome.
Douglas Berthiaume: And Carolina, I think we’re approaching the bottom of the hour. So, maybe we can take one more question.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Our final question or comment comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Hi, thanks guys. A question on REIMS, I know you highlighted this at ASMS. Can you talk a little bit, now that you own the technology about regulatory plans for the iKnife, anything on pricing? Does this add any sort of consumable stream? And then going back to Doug's question earlier, do you need to make any sort of channel investments here?
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure, I’ll handle that. Gene wants to interject something here.
Gene Cassis: Yes. On the last question that we got on FX, when I talked about $0.02 or $0.03 that was versus prior guidance. If I look at the full year impact of currency on the fourth quarter its close to $0.06. So, I just wanted to make sure that that was clear.
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay. So, Tycho as it relates to the iKnife, this is a very intriguing technology. It’s something that we’ve been working with Imperial College and the original developers who actually came out of Hungary but has been working together for a number of years now where our Manchester mass spec operation has had a close relationship with Imperial College and have developed this technology that’s we think proprietary that enabled a surgeon to while he’s working on cancerous tissue to send that molecular sample immediately to a mass spec to be told whether he is in good tissue or in cancerous tissue. That’s the theory and particularly in cases like breast cancer and then neuro cancers where the importance of taking all tumor but not more than tumor is clinically imperative. The initial research results are very interesting shall I say. It’s important to note that this is a research initiative now. Its being developed principally in London but the amount of interest that’s coming out of all of our academic cancer centers I must say is compelling where almost every one who has looked as this is interested in pursuing it. I want to emphasize that this is a future initiative. This is not available for sale today. It’s going to take development. We’ve got to make some decisions over a multi-year period of how this thing comes to market? How it gets sold? What the relationships are? That’s going to come subsequent to this year. But this technology not only useful for surgical applications but this REINS technology could be very useful and we’re working with some large food companies on food safety of being able to tell adulterants in milk or whether a particular meat sample is horse meat or hamburger. Very interesting user friendly capabilities that we think could well be enabling. Those less regulated applications could come to market soon, probably in 2015 while the most clinical applications are likely to come later. So was that enough, Tycho?
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Yes, now that’s helpful. And then for the follow-up, maybe for Gene. I know you don't really want to comment on 2015, but if I looked at Street's modeling about 90 bps of operating margin expansion. Given I guess, Doug what you just talked about in terms of development for iKnife, is that a reasonable assessment on the operating side for 2015? I'm just trying to understand how much we need to think about next year being a year of reinvestment, if you will.
Gene Cassis: Well, I think we typically talked about ’15 on my January call. But when we talk about the Waters’ model in general, we always try to talk about the opportunity to get a little bit of operating leverage and a top line growth of mid single-digit typically as the point where we start to be able to see some operating leverage. So, at this point I wouldn’t suggest that you think about the year 2015 much differently than you have previously.
Douglas Berthiaume: Agreed. We don’t think that this iKnife initiative maybe we’ll have to reallocate some resources to support it. But we don’t think it dramatically affects the traditional Waters’ P&L model.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay, great. We’ll leave it at that. Thank you.
Douglas Berthiaume: All right. Well thank you all for putting up with us this long. Before concluding the call I’d just like to reiterate. I think why we’re so excited. You clearly saw in this quarter us focus on the broad-basedness of our capabilities, broad based geographically. So almost everywhere except for China we saw our businesses produce very strong results. If you looked at our product lines, chemistry, service, instruments, LC instruments, mass spec instruments we saw our business perform well. And finally just look at the phase of our P&L, you’ll see the sales growth, margins improving at a faster rate than sales, you’d see SG&A held under control, but its not stifling the growth of the business. We’re clearly investing more in R&D than anywhere else in the P&L. The buyback continues on the margin to affect better EPS growth. So, manifested very simply in that going back to the breadth of our business capabilities, I think the outlook is very promising. So, whether it’s this management that will be with you for a while longer or the next one, I think the stewardship is in good hands. So thanks a lot. We’ll update you on our next call.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Douglas Berthiaume – Chairman, President and CEO Gene Cassis – VP and CFO
Analysts:  Brandon Couillard – Jefferies Doug Schenkel – Cowen Ross Muken – ISI Group Paul Knight – Janney Capital Markets Tycho Peterson – JPMorgan John Gruber – Macquarie Dan Leonard – Leerink Isaac Ro – Goldman Sachs Amanda Murphy – William Blair Tim Evans – Wells Fargo Jeff Elliott – Baird Bryan Brokmeier – Maxim Group Peter Lawson – Mizuho Securities Derik De Bruin – Bank of America 
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Waters Corporation Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today’s call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today’s call is Gene Cassis, the Waters’ Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I’ll start with an overview of the quarter’s business, and Gene will follow with details of our financial results and then update you with our outlook for the third quarter and for the full year. And before we get going, I’d like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Gene Cassis: Thank you, Doug. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for quarter three and full year 2014. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events and results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, please see our 10-K annual report for fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, in Part 1 under the caption Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning’s press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 2014. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly compatible GAAP measures is attached in the company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning’s press release. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, Gene. Well, our second quarter’s results were largely in line with our expectations. Improved demand from our global pharmaceutical customers and strong overall sales growth in the United States contributed nicely to our topline. In comparison to the first quarter, higher sales volume, more favorable currency translation, and continued cost controls resulted in improved operational leverage and double-digit growth in our adjusted earnings per share. Looking at the second quarter, our constant currency sales were up 6% and our adjusted earnings per share grew at 13%. For the Waters Division, organic sales growth was 6% and benefited from stronger shipment volume to pharmaceutical end markets. Budgetary delays that we had cited in our April call resulted in a shift of business into the second quarter, most significantly in the U.S. Overall sales to our broadly defined pharmaceutical segment were up 8% in the quarter and up 5% through the first half of 2014. Global government and academic business declined moderately in the quarter with growth in the U.S. offset by continued weakness in China and a quarterly decline in Europe. This European decline was primarily due to very strong growth in the prior year’s results. We anticipate government-funded instrument sales in the U.S. to continue to increase during the second half of this year and are also seeing signs that governmental spending in China is beginning to improve. Our combined industrial chemical and chemical analysis businesses grew at a mid-single-digit rate in the quarter and benefited from a nice pickup in most developing markets. Geographically, we saw varying levels of strength across our key regions. Coming into the quarter, we were very focused on monitoring business conditions in China. As you may recall, a drop in order volume had an adverse effect on our first quarter results, and that we had attributed this lower business flow to delays in placing orders at governmentally-funded institutions. Through most of the second quarter, we continued to see a similar dynamic, and consequently finished the quarter with a double-digit decline in China’s sales. However, during the closing weeks of the quarter, we began to see improving governmental orders, and by the close of the quarter and in contrast of the first quarter, we finished with a moderate increase in orders and a nice sequential pickup in orders in comparison to the first quarter results. Needless to say, we are continuing to watch for signs of improving momentum in China, and at this time, we feel encouraged by the second quarter’s ordering trends that suggest a return to growth in orders and sales during the second half of 2014. Sales growth in the U.S. was encouraging in the second quarter. For the Waters Division, sales were up 9% with particular strength in governmentally-funded accounts and with the solid performance in our pharmaceutical business. Elsewhere in the Americas, business trends were very positive and recovered nicely from a slow first-quarter start. Waters Division constant currency sales in Japan moderately increased in the quarter and were up around 8% through the first half of 2014. In the quarter, meaningful improvements in pharmaceutical and industrial chemical accounts were tempered by declines in public sector spending. Our business in Asia outside of China and Japan was robust in the second quarter. India, in particular, saw a healthy and long-awaited return to double-digit sales growth as generic drug firms resumed adding new instruments and replacing old ones. In addition, the stability of the rupee and a general sense of optimism following the recent election cycle seemed to be contributing to more favorable business conditions. Our European Waters Division business at constant currency grew modestly in the second quarter. Pharmaceutical sales were up mid-single digits, while our government and academic business declined in comparison to a double-digit increase in the 2013 quarter. Looking at our TA Instruments division, sales were up 9% in the quarter. Within the quarter, we began to see sales from recently acquired businesses contributing to the division’s topline performance. In general, sales growth for TA was strongest in developed markets, including the U.S., Europe, and Japan. Underlying demand for TA’s products and services appears to be strengthening as we move into the second half of 2014, and we are looking to achieve mid to high single-digit topline growth in the second half of the year. Now, I would like to turn to some product line dynamics that we saw in the quarter. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew 7% in the second quarter. Waters’ service business was generally strong across all major regions as the trend toward higher penetration for service maintenance contracts was apparent in the quarter’s results. On the chemistry front, our new line of LC columns called CORTECS was recognized as a significant scientific achievement by R&D Magazine with the prestigious R&D 100 Award. This new CORTECS packing product line is complementary to our broad line of UPLC chemistry offerings, and will further expand the application reach of UPLC technology, especially for UPLC MS applications. Waters Division instrument system sales grew at a mid-single-digit rate in the quarter. Demand improved most significantly in the U.S. where our more advanced instrument systems benefited from higher funding for governmentally-supported labs and improved spending by pharmaceutical customers. Overall, sales for research-focused UPLC MS systems in the U.S. were up double digits. Outside of the Americas, sales in Europe for research UPLC MS systems declined against the strong base in 2013. In Asia, shipment volumes declined as orders in China were booked too late in the quarter to complete shipments and recognize revenue. Demand for our tandem quadrupole systems improved in the second quarter in comparison to our first quarter’s results. The improvements that we saw were most apparent in the U.S. with stronger pharmaceutical demand and an increase in clinical diagnostic business drove our growth. At this year’s ASMS conference in June, Waters showcased a range of new systems offerings. Most significantly, we introduced two new Xevo benchtop mass spectrometers, the Xevo G2-XS QTof and the Xevo TQ-S micro. Each of these new offerings provides researchers with a differentiated level of performance and value in a compact benchtop design. Initial customer feedback has been very positive, and we are anticipating meaningful shipment volumes of these new systems in the second half of 2014. Earlier in the year at the Pittsburgh conference, we introduced ionKey technology for our Xevo TQ-S tandem quadrupole system. This advanced Ion Source couples the demonstrated advantages of our StepWave technology with an integrated tile-based ACQUITY column separation to deliver improved sensitivity for challenging applications. In the second quarter, adoption of this technology had a positive effect on our high performance Xevo TQ-S orders and sales. Based on the demonstrated advantages of this new technology source, we announced at ASMS that ionKey will be available as an option for a wider range of our tandem quadrupole and top platforms. On a chromatography front, ACQUITY instrument system sales benefited from another strong quarter for our ACQUITY QDA mass detector. The primary application area for this new detection technology continued to be in the area of small molecule drug research, and in the second quarter, we saw drug research customers purchase the QDA as a detection module for existing UPLC or HPLC systems as well as within new system orders. The sales volume associated with the QDA through the first half of 2014 is consistent with an opportunity to generate meaningful and largely incremental sales from this new mass detector. Now, I would like to turn to our outlook for the second half of 2014. Broadly speaking, we are anticipating sales growth in the third and fourth quarter of 2014 that will result in full-year constant currency mid-single-digit growth for the corporation. For the Waters division, this growth anticipates pharmaceutical demand that is consistent with the first half’s results, continued growth in governmental and academic spending in the U.S., and a return to positive growth in our China business. The division’s recurring revenues are envisioned as continuing to grow at a solid mid-single-digit range. If you look at TA instruments, we anticipate seeing more sales associated with the recently acquired product lines and a high-single-digit topline full-year growth rate. On the M&A front and for the Waters division, we see opportunities to benefit our long-term initiatives in applications such as food safety testing, microbiology, and clinical diagnostics by licensing and acquiring innovative technologies. In fact, later today we plan to issue a press release that will describe a technology investment that is directed towards future growth in these areas. For our TA division, we will likely continue a consistent and focused business acquisition plan. However, given our primary focus on driving organic growth, we plan to continue to deploy the lion’s share of our strong cash generation on our share repurchase program. And finally on leadership transition front, we continue to progress in the search for my successor. During the second quarter, we have continued to identify well qualified executives whose candidacies are now being further developed. Though we are optimistic about completing a transition within the timeframe we have already discussed, our primary focus will be to ensure a smooth succession that will result in the retention of the core tenants of our focused and proven business strategy. I will look forward to sharing with you more information on developments in this area in the upcoming quarters. In the meantime, we will direct our operational efforts towards building on the positive business momentum that drove our second quarter’s performance and leverage the advantages of our recent new product launches. Now, I would like to turn to Gene for a review of our financials and an update on our outlook.
Gene Cassis: Thank you, Doug, and again good morning. In the second quarter, our sales came in at $482 million, an increase of 7% over last year with currency translation adding about 1 percentage point to sales. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 13% to $1.22. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share were $1.13 versus $1.03 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release that was issued this morning. Looking at our growth geographically and before foreign currency effects, U.S. sales were up 11%, Europe was up 2%, Japan up 4%, and sales in Asia outside of Japan were also up 4%. Strong sales growth in India helped offset a decline in China. Rest of world sales notably including Latin America were up 10%. On the products front, and again in constant currency and within the Waters division, instrument sales increased by 5% and our recurring revenues grew by 7%. In all, the Waters division sales were up 6%. For our TA instruments division, constant currency sales including instruments and services increased by 9%. Now, I would like to comment on our second quarter’s non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins came in at 58.1% versus 58.3% in the second quarter last year. SG&A expenses were up about 3% before foreign currency effects, which added another 2 percentage points. R&D expenses increased 6% before foreign currency translation, and notably the British pound contributed to add another 3 points to the reported growth number. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate for the quarter came in at about a point lower than expected and at 14%. This favorability was primarily due to production mix dynamics. For the full year 2014, we now expect our operating tax rate to be between 14% and 15%. In the quarter, net interest expense was at $6 million and share account came in at 85.2 million shares or approximately 1.4 million shares lower than in the second quarter last year, a net result of our share repurchase program. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1.9 billion, and debt totaled $1.4 billion bringing us to a net cash position of $524 million. As for second quarter share repurchases, we bought 908,000 shares of our common stock for $93 million. In May 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a new three-year share repurchase program for $750 million while extending the duration of a previously authorized program. So, in all, we have more than $900 million in authorized share repurchases remaining when both programs are considered. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus non-cash benefits from stock-based compensation accounting, and excluding unusual non-recurring items. In the second quarter, free cash flow came in at $110 million after funding $17 million of capital. Excluded from this amount was $5 million of investment associated with major facility expansion and a one-time $21 million pension contribution in Europe. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 78 days this quarter, up 2 days from the second quarter last year. In the quarter, inventories increased by $6 million in comparison to the first quarter to accommodate new ASMS product launches. Now I will discuss our 2014 full-year outlook. For the second half of 2014, we anticipate positive new product momentum, a continuation of growth in our pharmaceutical markets and in our recurring revenues, and we also anticipate a general improvement in our Chinese business. With these dynamics in play, we expect to finish the year with a mid-single-digit topline sales growth. On the currency translation front and at current exchange rates, we are estimating that our full year – that for the full year, currency will be approximately neutral to sales growth. Moving down the P&L, gross margins for the full year are expected to be between 58.5% and 59% as we anticipate stronger than previously envisioned headwinds from foreign currency. In particular, the British pound which has continued to strengthen year-to-date. Operating expenses at constant currency are expected to be up moderately from 2013 levels and below our sales growth. Moving down to the operated – moving below the operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $28 million, and we expect our full-year operating tax rate to be in the range of 14% to 15%. Turning to share count, our full year average diluted share count is expected to be reduced to around 48.5 million shares outstanding as a result of our continued…
Douglas Berthiaume: Not 48.
Gene Cassis: I’m sorry 84, I’m sorry, 84.5 million shares outstanding as a result of continued share repurchases. Thank you, Doug. Rolling all of this together, non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $5.25 to $5.40. As we think about our expectations for the third quarter of 2014, we anticipate organic sales growth to come in at or above mid-single-digit range. Currency translation at today’s rate would be about neutral to sales growth. This level of sales growth is expected to result in operating leverage that is less than what we delivered in the second quarter. This is due to the timing of variable compensation expenses in the base year. For the third quarter, we anticipate non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be within a range of $1.22 to $1.32. That’s it. Thank you. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, Gene. And operator, I think we can now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard – Jefferies: Doug, could you elaborate on what you saw in terms of mass spec demand on a year-over-year basis and give us some more color both across technology verticals and end markets? One of your competitors had cited strength in the academic market, curious what you saw there?
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure. Overall, the underlying strength in our mass spec business was somewhat camouflaged by the lateness of the orders. So, overall we saw mid to high single-digit orders rate growth, but particularly in China, a lot of those orders came in late in the quarter and you didn’t see it reflected in revenue. So I think, we are seeing good decent demand. ASMS came a little later this year than it normally does, so we did see some customers delaying decision-making, and some of that I think clearly slipped out of the second quarter, and we’ll see more momentum on those new introductions coming in the second half of the year. Gene, do you want to talk about the academic dynamics or at least the --?
Gene Cassis: Yes, it’s interesting that in the first half of last year, we had particularly strong academic uptick in our SYNAPT and QTof business in Europe, and of course that’s in the base this year. Now, we’re beginning to see sort of an echo effect in the U.S. as governmental spending in the U.S. is better funded this year. So, I would say that, key leading dynamics are improved spending by governmental accounts for high-end mass spectrometry products in the U.S., and another thing that we’re seeing again in the U.S. is a nice uptick in both quadrupole and orthogonal time of flight in the pharmaceutical area. So, I would say that as Doug mentioned, we ended up seeing some demand late in the quarter, particularly from China, that wasn’t reflected in sales but is in the order book, and we suffered from a little bit of a tough base of comparison in Europe just given the particular strength that we had during the first half of 2013.
Douglas Berthiaume: And I would say Brandon, in terms of underlying symptoms, we’re seeing very strong interest particularly out of academic medical centers for very large programs that anticipate investments in mass spectrometry. I would say in terms of leading indicators, that’s a strong and early dynamic or symptom that we’ve seen recently, so that’s encouraging.
Brandon Couillard – Jefferies:  Thanks, that is helpful. And then one for Gene. Could you quantify the impact of currency on the EPS line both in the second quarter and as well as what’s baked into your full-year guidance at this point? And then could you quantify the impact of M&A on the TA segment in 2Q on the revenue line? 
Gene Cassis:  Yes, if I look at the first half of the – of this year, we probably had a total effect year-over-year of about $0.10 that we can attribute to currency, and most of that came in the first quarter because we had a more meaningful yen comparison in the first quarter. So we probably had about $0.01 headwind from currency in the second quarter. Looking at the full year, you’re likely to see currency during the remaining -- during the remaining two quarters become a slight headwind, a few cents, fortunately largely offset from a more favorable tax rate this year. So, the negative effect of currency on our EPS is largely offset by the positive on the tax rate. I think for the full year, if I take a look at the effect of M&A, you’re likely to see the major contribution from our TA instruments division. You will recall they acquired four smaller companies last year, and we’re beginning to see the positive impact of those acquisitions in the second quarter, and my estimate is that we might benefit around 50 basis points this year on the topline, primarily from TA acquisitions.
Douglas Berthiaume:  And the second quarter impact was $2 million to $3 million.
Gene Cassis:  It was a little bit higher. It was a little bit more than half of the TA growth in sales that we can attribute to these acquired companies, but again, if I look at the underlying order dynamics, it’s looking as if about half of the growth that we get from TA this year will be M&A or acquired businesses and the other half organic.
Brandon Couillard – Jefferies:
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company: Good morning. So you indicated in your prepared remarks that part of the recovery in the second quarter was driven by recapturing of revenue not captured in Q1, and you seemed to point largely to U.S. pharma, and clearly while you indicated China got better in terms of orders, at the end of the quarter it didn't help you at the revenue line. So it seems like when you are talking about the recapturing, you are talking about U.S. pharma, but when I go back to what you described during the quarter talking about the $20 million Q1 miss, about $15 million of that was attributed to China and $5 million was attributed to TA backlog. And usually when I think of recapturing revenue, I think the incremental margin is going to be a lot better, so I'm just trying to figure out the disconnect here. It does seem like there is a little bit of a disconnect in the explanation, and really importantly as I think about looking ahead, it is definitely great to hear that China is getting better, but it is hard for me to understand exactly what is going on with Waters in the bio-pharma end market. Are things getting better or was there just a recapturing of revenue?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Well, just to -- just to go back and look at the first quarter momentarily right in the $20 million miss, and we had described that as about half of that attributed to slower order growth in China. We had about $5 million associated with the backlog build at TA and another $5 million that we attributed largely to just business shifting in pharma from the first quarter into the second quarter, so it was about a $5 million issue that we were talking about in terms of order slippage and sales slippage. If I take a look at where we are through the first half of this year, the pharmaceutical -- global biopharmaceutical growth is up around 5%, so the strength that we saw in the second quarter of 8% growth in sales does contain some of that business that we might have -- you might think of as first-quarter business. So, going forward, Doug, I would say that a way to think about it is that for the first half, we grew at a nice, mid-single-digit range. We think that that is a logical outlook for the second half of the year.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company:  Okay that is helpful. And then, I guess just a couple cleanups. OpEx increased $10 million relative to Q1, we haven’t seen that since 2011. Most of this was at the SG&A line. I understand some of this was at least FX year-over-year, but I wouldn’t think that would make a huge difference sequentially, so I guess I’m just trying to get a better handle on, are there particular areas where you guys are stepping up investment and is this catch up or is it opportunistic as you see some signs of promise in particular areas?
Gene Cassis:  Well, it had a few components to it Doug. When you look at the business sequentially, you have to realize that we do have married increases that kick in at the first of April. So, you have that and of course that’s in the base quarter last quarter. And you’re right, there is a foreign currency impact that we have, particularly the pound and the euro, both of those hit us in the second quarter and contributed about 2 percentage points of growth on the SG&A line. On top of that and you also have the effect of the acquired businesses at TA, it is not a big effect, but you do have more operating run rate expenses associated with those companies that we acquired last year.
Douglas Berthiaume:  And the revenue hasn’t really totally kicked in at this point.
Gene Cassis:  Yes. So, those we think are the major components of the SG&A increase.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company:  Okay. And very last one, I don’t think you gave a specific to one decimal point contribution from M&A and FX in the quarter. Would you be willing to break those out?
Douglas Berthiaume:  FX was 1 point, and M&A was less than 1 point, it was about three quarters of a point.
Gene Cassis:  Yes, it was about 70 basis points from M&A in the quarter, but again it was – it’s kind of particular to the shipments that we made in the quarter. If I take a look at the underlying impact of the TA acquired businesses, you’re going to be closer to 50 basis points for the year.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company:  Okay, thank you.
Gene Cassis:  Welcome. Operator: Thank you. Next question is Ross Muken with ISI Group.
Ross Muken – ISI Group: Good morning guys. I want to dig in a little bit more again just on sort of China and the rest of Asia, and it seems like developing markets kind of getting better across the portfolio. Usually, that would sort of be feeding off at least as we think to Asia off of China. I guess in terms of the weakness there, particularly on the government end, are we still seeing some of the delays just in terms of budget approvals on high end CapEx, you know say over $50,000 type items where it’s really the sign off process that is just taking time given some of the anti-corruption probe and sort of concerns? And secondarily, when you are seeing some of the order pickup or order improvement, you are feeling more comfortable, is some of that activity that should've happened in the first half that is now getting signed so there is a bit of a catchup or do you think just underlying improvement is kind of happening as just -- there are some releases but demand is also coming back?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Well Ross, you asked a number of questions in there. First of all, the overall Asia business, ex-China, as a matter of fact, the overall developing world definitely saw an uptick in the quarter. Of particular note I would say is India where we’ve been struggling with the political dynamics, the strength of the rupee or the weakness I should. We clearly saw a turn in India, and we’ve continued to see that as we go into the second half. So, I think the symptoms in India are very positive. In China, we think that we’ve seen a clear turnaround in the underlying dynamics of the orders in the revenue cycle. It came in the latter part of the quarter and it particularly turned up in the last few weeks, and needless to say we’re continuing to monitor that, we monitor the China organization, look at the drop sheets. We think we have seen very clear symptoms that the overall tenor of that marketplace has improved. Now, how much we recapture from what maybe could have been a run rate basis in the first half, right now we are not counting on a doubling up of what happens in China. We’re anticipating that this turn that we saw late in the quarter is going to continue to build some momentum as we go through the rest of the year. We clearly see a number of signs that that’s likely to happen. We think the issues that existed is related to a crackdown on corruption kind of was a general dynamic that affected a lot of business in China wasn’t necessarily focused on the lab and analytical marketplace, and to that extent, maybe we have seen it leave that area of the marketplace sooner than some others, but clearly we are more optimistic as we go into the second half.
Ross Muken – ISI Group:  And maybe taking off something Doug said earlier, I mean as we think about the margin line, I mean it seems like the last 12, 18 months have really been characterized a lot by sort of FX movements and sort of a drain, but we have been sort of hovering in this high 20’s area of margin now for a while. I think you hit 29.5 on an annual basis back in ‘11 and that was kind of the peak. I mean as you think about peak margins in this business or the multi-year opportunity and how that translates into kind of your multi-year view on earnings growth, I mean has anything else in the business changed around what you think this model can kind of deliver, and if we stripped out all the noise on FX the last several quarters, anything else of note that you would point out from an incremental perspective that in your mind has kind of changed?
Gene Cassis:  I think that during the time period you’re focusing on, Ross, I think one of the things to bear in mind is that the overall pharmaceutical growth was somewhat less than historical averages typically for Waters Corporation. The pharmaceutical segment has grown at the same rate as the corporation as a whole, and over the past couple of years has been a little bit of a point off the line. We’re kind of encouraged with the trends that we see this year where pharmaceutical seems to be picking up. There is a certain ebb and flow in the business dynamics for that market, and I think that an important component of getting the leverage that we need at the operating profit line is going to be a more sustainable growth trajectory for the pharmaceutical segment.
Ross Muken – ISI Group:  Got it. Thanks Gene.
Gene Cassis:  Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Paul Knight with Janney Capital Markets.
Paul Knight – Janney Capital Markets: Hi Gene, you had mentioned that the European academic market was down in the second quarter. What was the dynamic last year, a large order flow last year? What do you see in Europe creating that, I think you mentioned down here in 2Q?
Gene Cassis:  I think there was a convergence of positives last year in that the funding, the funding was there and we had a very exciting product in our SYNAPT G2. And so, we were encouraged that that combined to have a very positive effect for us in Europe last year. We’re beginning, as I mentioned before, to see a little bit of an echo of that in the U.S. this year. We believe that the product story is just as compelling and with the funding being better we’re optimistic for the second half of this year.
Paul Knight – Janney Capital Markets:  And then in China, you had mentioned, you know the corruption issue has been a major deal consolidation of agencies. You seem pretty confident about 2H, is it the orders or anything else you see in China?
Gene Cassis:  Well, you know, if you look at the business in China and think about the non-governmental businesses, the occidental companies that have footprint there as well as the more chemical and food safety business, those businesses have done well all along. So, it’s been the governmentally-funded businesses in particularly around the greater Beijing area where we’ve seen most of the problem. And late in the second quarter, we began to see some orders break through on that front, and I don’t think -- we’re not deep enough into this release process to be able to call a new trajectory on demand, but it’s certainly more encouraging that we began to see some of these bigger ticket items start to flow through into sales.
Douglas Berthiaume:  We’re also seeing Paul, our customers act a little bit more confident as we go into the second half. So, that’s another point on the line that encourages us.
Paul Knight – Janney Capital Markets:  And then lastly, the healthcare market here in U.S., is it pharmaceutical better or is it biotech better?
Gene Cassis:   Well, it’s -- you know, it’s more of the spec pharmaceutical, it’s more of bio. The particular strength that we had in higher-end mass spectrometry in the U.S. is more indicative of the -- more of the biotech business. The large pharmaceutical firms that currently make up something in the range of around 10% of our sales had a rather lackluster year-over-year performance. So, it is more specialty pharmaceutical biotech and generics that are showing strength.
Douglas Berthiaume:  And clinical too continues to be a pretty robust area particularly in areas of drugs of abuse testing and areas like that.
Paul Knight – Janney Capital Markets:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan: Hey thanks. Just to clarify on guidance, you know bringing down the high end of the range by $0.10, is that just simply a catch up from the first quarter miss? I mean, obviously the end markets are improving a bit, you’ve got a lower tax rate, and you have got the restructuring initiatives, are there other factors in there in the back half of the year or is this simply recalibrating from the first quarter?
Gene Cassis:  No, I think when we gave guidance on the first quarter, the high-end of the guidance, anticipated that the issue in China would be resolved, and although we’re encouraged with some of the late quarter trends that we saw, we still had a sales decline in China. So as you begin to think about a recovery and as the year – what remains in the year gets shorter and shorter, I think it’s only wise to be a little bit more conservative. The other thing is that we’re seeing a little bit more pressure on the currency front, and depending on how product mix materializes for the full year, that could have a little bit of a drag. So, we thought that, that this range that we have right now, maybe has a little bit of conservatism in it. It doesn’t anticipate a full recovery in China, and it does anticipate that we could have a little bit of headwind on the currency front.
Douglas Berthiaume:  But if you look at the tone of your question Tycho, I do think you – we are more optimistic than pessimistic about these estimates, I would say.
Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan:  I know you had a question on China before, but as we think about -- I mean the tone at ASMS on China was pretty negative, Gene, so can you maybe just talk about the sustainability of the momentum you’re seeing there?
Gene Cassis:  Yes. I think we really can’t talk about that until we have a little bit more clarity on that front, Tycho. I mean we are encouraged that very late in the quarter, and you’re right, post-ASMS we began to see some of these orders break through, but again I think it makes sense to be cautiously optimistic that this is the beginning of more improved business conditions. Fortunately, we are seeing the nice uptick in India offset. We saw it offset some of the China weakness in the second quarter, and frankly the business trajectory in India looks pretty strong, so there could be a little bit of an upside for us during the second half of the year.
Douglas Berthiaume:  So I think the other thing in China, just another piece of positive data is that we’re talking to a few of the large clinical research centers that we know are favored in terms of the funding initiatives in China. We feel very close to some large commitments from those [tenors] (ph). The timing is a little bit unclear, but we weren’t looking at that as strongly a quarter ago versus today. So, you know, more than a few points on a line that point to positive activity in China.
Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan:  Okay, and then lastly Gene, can you just comment on the $6 million in restructuring in one-timers, and how should we think about additional restructuring initiatives going forward?
Gene Cassis:  I don’t think you should think about additional restructuring. There is nothing in the second half of this year that I see.
Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan:  Thank you.
Gene Cassis:  It was a first quarter dynamic, yeah, welcome.
Operator:  Thank you. Next question, Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie: Thanks, good morning. Hey Doug, from the tone around the CEO search, it sounds like this may take a little bit longer than you initially anticipated. I think oftentimes we think these things are going to go quicker. Can you maybe just give us a little bit more color around kind of what you are seeing there and maybe why you think it could take a little longer?
Douglas Berthiaume:  I’m not sure. From my perspective, it’s going about as I expected Jon. The process just -- you’ve got Directors involved, it’s not a one man initiative. So, you know, you’ve got to go through the process of identifying all the players and vet them and then reference check them. That is mainly the reason why I provided such a long window of transition, so I think we are right where I expected. We have had some good strong interviews with very viable candidates, but it is just the process grinds it down finer and finer, so I fully anticipate that within the window I’ve described, we will have a very good candidate. We’re continuing to vet both internal and external candidates, but it’s going to still take some time. I think I wouldn’t want or lead you to believe that we’ll have an announcement anytime in the next few months.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie:  Okay, that’s helpful. And then Doug, also if you look at your balance sheet, I mean your net cash continues to build again. I know that you noted you are going to make a technology acquisition. I guess the question is are you -- you mentioned you are still committed to the buyback, but obviously you have given your cash outside the U.S. I mean it continues to build up. So I guess, I'm just trying to think about is there any shift in terms of what you want to do with that cash, and is this technology acquisition large enough that is it dilutive, is it contemplated in your guidance? I'm just trying to understand, I guess, your, kind of, cash, if there is any shift there around your cash [view] (ph)?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Frankly, Jon there is no shift around our view. We continue to believe that it’s unlikely that we will do anything in substantive terms that increases the risk quotient in our business. We continue to believe that long-term we’ve got excellent opportunities to continue to grow the business at an organic rate that’s in the high-single digits. It’s going to continue to produce outstanding free cash flow, and certainly if there is anything near the current price of our stock, we think it’s a good deal. So, we’ll continue to focus on the buybacks. The technology deal that we’re going to talk about with the press release is fully anticipated in our forecast for earnings and sales. It’s not going to impact our sales in the short-term, but it is a very highly anticipated technology transaction largely focused in the mass spec and long-term in the clinical arena. So, we continue to think long-term. We are not looking at acquiring businesses, cost reducing, and leveraging the short-term. I think we’ll continue to do what we’ve done for years, and I think in the long run, you wake up, we’ll have fewer shares outstanding and we’ll be leveraging the bottom line in a way we have historically.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie:  And a lot of your customers are looking at – on the pharma side are doing inversions to be able to have more access to their cash, it sounds like that’s not something you are contemplating?
Douglas Berthiaume:  It’s highly unlikely, I would say. We certainly wouldn’t be interested in doing it from a tax rate perspective, obviously inversions give you some additional ability to use your cash outside the U.S., but I would say that’s an unlikely scenario for us.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie:  Okay thanks.
Operator:  Dan Leonard with Leerink.
Dan Leonard – Leerink: Great, thank you. I could use some more color on how important the new mass spec launches are to your second-half outlook. I think Doug, you mentioned meaningful shipments are anticipated, but is there any way you can further quantify?
Gene Cassis:  It’s interesting that the two benchtop instruments that we have I think fit into a sweet spot within the mass spectrometry market. They are directed nicely at regulated testing. Clearly, I think they will represent significant shipment volume. It is not likely that there will be heavy cannibalization of our high-end TQ-S system. So, as we looked across our product line and thought about the sequence of introductions that we’ve had over the past few years, we clearly recognize that some of these value priced, value performance segment of the market probably required a new product introduction, and we feel confident that from initial customer reception of these devices that we’re going to be in a nice position there. In addition, Doug had alluded to the ionKey technology as being an important innovation in mass spectrometry, and I think it’s the combination of ionKey technology and these new benchtop devices along with the TQ-S also makes a very interesting opportunity for us.
Dan Leonard – Leerink:  Got it, that’s helpful color. And for my follow-up Doug, could you elaborate on a comment you made in response to Brandon’s question earlier. You mentioned there are some very large programs that academic medical centers that anticipate mass spec investments. Could you talk a bit more about that, what are the applications and what specifically is happening on the field?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Yes, I would say without mentioning specific names, we are looking at more large research programs in the academic medical center area than we probably ever have, and I would say they are closer to fruition than many of these discussions typically are. I would say they -- you’ve all been exposed to the dramatic increase in investment in genomics that’s going on. I think you’re beginning to see a similar type of focus on phenomics or whether it’s down to proteomics or metabolomics of looking what’s going on in specific phenome centers that are taking on kind of comparable levels of anticipated investment. Well, we have certainly done some of that with Imperial College in London and building on that relationship, we’re seeing a great deal of interest apparent in other centers around the globe, you know not limited to the United States. Limited -- also showing up in Asia and in – and interestingly in areas of the Middle East also. So, I’m very encouraged by it -- this investment that we are going to announce this afternoon further complements our activity in that area, so we’re building a portfolio that I think is going to be pretty impressive to answer the needs in these emerging research areas.
Dan Leonard – Leerink:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  The next question is Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro – Goldman Sachs: Thanks for taking the question. Just one on the guidance here. It does assume in your guidance I think for an acceleration in the organic growth rate in the second half as we just kind of look at the first half versus the full-year assumptions. And the reason I'm asking the question is the comps that you have are considerably tougher in the fourth quarter versus third quarter on a year-over-year basis for organic growth. So, I just want to get a sense of what kind of organic growth assumptions are contemplated in your third quarter guidance?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Yes. Gene can flesh it out, but I think if you look at our all-in first half growth rate, we’re looking at roughly the same anticipated growth rate in the second half. We certainly had a very low growth rate in the first quarter, and that kicked up to high-single -- mid-single digits, I would say, in the second quarter. We anticipate our growth rate to be higher in the third quarter than it will be in the fourth quarter largely for the dynamics you cited, Isaac, that the fourth quarter was a very strong quarter last year. It’s not impossible to have another very strong quarter, but the reality is when you’ve got a tough compare, it’s probably wiser to anticipate leavening of that. So, I don’t think the second half is anticipated in our guidance to be much different than what we have seen in the first half, and to be fair I mean, I would say we’re probably [err] (ph), the reality could be a little bit better than that. I think right now we’re running a little bit stronger than that, but we’re careful given the fact that China doesn’t have that many points on the line, and it’s still an important part of our worldwide revenue.
Isaac Ro – Goldman Sachs:  Got it. And maybe just a follow-up, product specific question. Curious if you can comment on the market for medical cannabis testing. That is an area where we’ve seen what looks to be pretty interesting uptick in demand for your products, so I would be curious what the contribution was either it’s whether this quarter or year-to-date, just the current impact and outlook for that business specifically?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Yes. It is an area that we are optimistic about. We think that it’s reasonable to provide the products particularly to help in the overall characterization and quality control of that marketplace. Of course, it’s now limited to a small handful of geographies around the United States. In the quarter, it wasn’t a material number, certainly not a point, much less than a point of revenue for us, but we think it has the opportunity to grow into an eight figured revenue number. This year, it could press that, so that means the second half would be stronger than the first half. We certainly are responding to a level of requests, particularly in the extraction area of our business, where we have a pretty strong position with supercritical fluid. So, I would say, I think the second half is going to be stronger than the first half, and I think it’s going to be a multi-year opportunity for us, but it will probably be a few quarters before we’ll talk about it being, you know a $4 million or $5 million business.
Isaac Ro – Goldman Sachs:  Got it. Okay, thank you so much.
Operator:  The next question comes from the Amanda Murphy with William Blair.
Amanda Murphy – William Blair: Hi, good morning. Just a question on competition. I’m curious what you’re seeing on (inaudible) sides of the business around competitive dynamics, particularly in China?
Douglas Berthiaume:  I would say the competitive dynamics in China across the product lines haven’t changed very much. We haven’t seen -- we’ve seen a few of our customers, our competitors show up in the news because of transgressions, but I can’t say that I’ve seen that have a dramatic effect on the competitive issues, so I’d say it is kind of no news both on the mass spec front and on the chromatography front in China. It’s almost totally a customer dynamic that we are willing to talk about China. And the rest of world, I would say chromatography is a remarkably consistent competitive arena, don’t see too many ripples on that wave front. On the mass spec front, you see some ebbs and flows from quarter-to-quarter. We probably ebbed a little in the early part of this year. We think we are beginning to flow more as ASMS comes behind us, and we see a number of these very large initiatives beginning to pay fruit, so that’s probably what I’m seeing on the competitive front.
Amanda Murphy – William Blair:  And just on the columns, you’ve talked a little bit about attach rates in the past between HPLC and UPLC, are those still basically the same? And is there -- are you seeing any – especially on the UPLC side, just given that you have a higher attach rate, is there a potential for that to maybe change going forward?
Gene Cassis:  Well I think the biggest dynamic on that front, Amanda, in the long run, I could see the migration of UPLC into quality control methods, and that’s a multi-year process, because the usage of columns is so much higher when you’re running a regulated method like that. But we’re very excited about the trajectory for our new line of CORTECS columns. It seems to have a significant performance advantage, and it complements the other column chemistries that we offer on the UPLC and HPLC front.
Amanda Murphy – William Blair:  Got it. And then just on the, I guess a product specific question as well on the QDA, I think you’ve talked about that being adding about a percent of growth, is that still what you’re looking for?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Yes the – what we, the results that we have for the first half of the year are consistent with that vision.
Amanda Murphy – William Blair:  Okay, thanks very much.
Douglas Berthiaume:  You’re welcome.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Tim Evans with Wells Fargo.
Tim Evans – Wells Fargo: Hi thanks. Gene, I’m a little confused on the comments about the contribution from your recent acquisitions, I think in response to Brandon’s question, you indicated that there was about $5 million of revenue there, and then later on you said it was more like 70 bps in the quarter. $5 million looks to me like it would be over a point of growth in the quarter and assuming that you get more revenue in the back-half of the year from these acquisitions, which I think has been your forecast, you would be looking at more than a point of growth for the full year from these acquisitions. And so, I’m just trying to understand what the right number is on that and how that relates to your mid-single-digit revenue growth guidance?
Gene Cassis:  Yes, Tim, I know that the number of $5 million was in an answer to a question and I know that 70 bps was an answer to a question. But I don’t think the two of them are together, because you’re right that’s inconsistent. And that the TA instruments business is roughly 12% of the corporation sales. So understanding that we’re anticipating a mid-to-high single-digit growth rate for that division this year and on top of that understanding that we’re anticipating that half of it is organic and half of it is acquired business. I think you can do the numbers and certainly it doesn’t equate to a $5 million per quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume:  But simply put the acquisition revenue in the second quarter was something around $2 million, $2.5 million. So the effect of acquired revenue was less than a half, it is mostly half a point probably a little bit less. It’s now that that’s going to ramp up in the second half, we fully believe.
Tim Evans – Wells Fargo:  Okay, so when we think about your full year organic growth what should we be thinking about?
Gene Cassis:  Yes, mid-single-digit and assume about 50 basis points worth of contribution from M&A.
Tim Evans – Wells Fargo:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jeff Elliott with Baird.
Jeff Elliott – Baird: Good morning, thanks for the question. First question is on Japan, little bit softer the second quarter, how should we think about growth in the second half?
Gene Cassis:  I think we should think about it as maybe a little bit less robust than what we delivered for the first half, through the first half the constant currency growth rate was about 8%, I would say in the second half we are encouraged by what we see as improved business dynamics in the four profit sectors of that market. And understanding that in terms of government supported research we have a kind of the tough base of comparison given the performance that we had for that segment in the prior year. So, overall we’re probably expecting Japan to be maybe close to mid-single-digit, maybe a little bit less than mid-single-digit. But certainly positive growth with the growth being driven from the industrial chemical and pharmaceutical segments of that market.
Jeff Elliott – Baird:  And Gene two quick modeling questions, first on Easter in the quarter did you see any impact there, particularly in the columns business? And then the pension contribution in the quarter, should that have an impact on the P&L going forward?
Gene Cassis:  I don’t think either of them are material.
Jeff Elliott – Baird:  Okay, thank you.
Gene Cassis:  You’re welcome.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Bryan Brokmeier with Maxim Group.
Bryan Brokmeier – Maxim Group: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Given the current shift from big pharma to smaller biotech and especially pharma that are currently driving growth within the U.S. biopharma market. Have you made any changes to your sales force or how you think about the sales process?
Douglas Berthiaume:  I wouldn’t say it’s been significant, the big pharma piece of our business has been under pressure for a number of years. So we have both in our product development and in our operating both in service and in sales have been, turning that organization to focus more and more on biological applications. And so that’s been a kind of a natural dynamic that’s occurred in our business both in the United States and to some extent in Europe. So it hasn’t resulted in a huge twerking of the new organization just kind of, minor tweaks.
Bryan Brokmeier – Maxim Group:  Okay. And are you seeing any changes in demand yet due to M&A by pharma customers and particularly demand for instrument versus the demand for consumables?
Douglas Berthiaume:  I wouldn’t say that we have seen of course in big pharma recently, you have seen more attempts at M&A rather than the too much actual M&A. certainly in the Pfizer-AstraZeneca deal would have changed that. I would say that nothing unusual, I would say it’s more business as usual in big pharma.
Bryan Brokmeier – Maxim Group:  Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities : Doug just come back to China, just the macro level. Have you taken [shareholder] using share and what’s been happening to pricing in the last couple of years?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Pricing has been largely stable I would say Peter. We haven’t seen any significant change in margins in China been remarkably consistent in comparable to our margins elsewhere in the world. Competitively, I think I touched on it in the previous question, and some of our competitors have run into minor or not so minor legal issues. So that had to deal with some of those, we have of course not gone with, did not run into similar kinds of issues. But on balance I don’t think the competitive dynamics in the LC area have changed very much that we are all still there and it’s competitive. I think some of our competitors tend to use price more aggressively, but we haven’t seen that affect our business to any great extent. The mass spec arena all the major players are there, I would say we more than hold our own and continue to believe that the dynamics that we see are customer related not competitor related.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities : Got it. And the late booking of the Chinese order, that sounds like it’s just purely a late order as opposed to any kind of internal slip?
Douglas Berthiaume:  I’m sorry I missed the first part of that.
Gene Cassis:  You know talking about the…
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities : Late booked order from China.
Douglas Berthiaume:  Wasn’t just one late booked order, it was – this whole process where I would say for the first part of the quarter in China we continued to the effects of the focus on corruption and the fear in the part of customers is that how the government was treating people. So, everything that checked and double checked and the effect of that was to drag out the, process of doing a demonstration, getting the customer to do the paper work for an order and getting that order cleared. We didn’t see that the customer was all of a sudden looking at four competitors, because they didn’t like our product that kind of thing was all is internal dynamic and that’s what we saw begin to loosen up as we worked our way through the quarter. To be fair our organization anticipated, they are in the ground they are talking to customers, they are talking to the government officials, and they saw internally and forecast that the process would begin to loosen up and in fact it did and those orders begin to flow late in the quarter. But, you have to get find the financing cleared, you have to get the products move from our manufacturing side on to China and that just happened too late in the quarter to facilitate those orders.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities : Got you. And then the signs you talked about in Asia that was part of – that was a large part of that confidence coming back to those customers and just kind of break through in government orders was there anything else?
Douglas Berthiaume:  I would say that dynamic in China was really the overall dynamic, we did have a significant. We do built throughout our business in the quarter, but that one in China was the one that was related to this whole process of government intervention.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities : But I’m just…
Douglas Berthiaume:  I think since we’re well over an hour here, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator:  Our final question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin – Bank of America: Hi, good morning. Just one quick one, I just sort of want to clarify and just make sure I understand, and this is sort of related to what Isaac was asking about the comps in the back-half of the year about 10% organic revenue comp in Q4 and that include some contributions from the QDA launch already. And so just if I’m sort of sifting through the commentary in the Q&A, is part of that is that your confidence since you’re getting and being able to beat that number or deliver on the organic revenue growth is that large multisystem orders is that what I saw here you’re hitting that or it is just sort of steady growth and improvement in the overall market in the year end? Basically, are you expecting some large multisystem orders in mass spec in Q4?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Those, we may get some large orders Derik in the second half of the year. However, those are not baked into the expectations that are included in our guidance. I would say that, you’re absolutely correct that the, from a growth point of view it is a 10% growth quarter in debate. But there is another way to look at the base year and understand that on a percentage base the fourth quarter last year represented about 30% of the annual sales. In that regard it is not that atypical when you look at the natural quarterization of our business where typically the first quarter is 20% to 22%, the two middle quarters are around 25% and the fourth quarter is typically in the 28% to 30%. So it is a little bit on the high side, but when you look at the quarter, when you look at the base of comparison using percent of business across the quarters, it doesn’t look quite as steep as it might when you just look at growth rates, which in terms have a dependants on what the 2012 year look like.
Derik De Bruin – Bank of America: Great.
Douglas Berthiaume:  That’s largely because of that strong base that you will see as you derive with our anticipated growth rates, we’ve taken our anticipated growth rate in the fourth quarter down to the lower single-digit. So, we clearly expect the growth to be stronger in the third quarter tempered because, of the strong base in the fourth quarter. And we think that’s very reasonable.
Derik De Bruin – Bank of America: Great, okay that’s actually what I was heading for. Great, thanks a lot, I appreciate it.
Douglas Berthiaume: Welcome.
Gene Cassis: Welcome.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, thank you all for sticking with us through this extended timeframe. And we look forward to reporting our results next quarter. Thank you.
Gene Cassis: Thank you.
Operator:  That does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Gene Cassis - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brandon Couillard - Jefferies Doug Schenkel - Cowen Amanda Murphy - William Blair Jon Groberg - Macquarie Paul Knight - Janney Capital Markets Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter 2014 financial results conference call. With me on today's call is Gene Cassis, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, President of the Waters Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Treasurer and Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's business dynamics. Gene will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Gene Cassis: Thank you, Doug. During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events and for the future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results for the company. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions, and that our actual results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from our present expectations, please see 10-K included with our annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. Specifically, examine Part 1 under the caption Business Risk Factors. Also, see the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and Form 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is planned for July 2014. During today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release that we issued this morning. In our discussions of results and operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials. This schedule is included in this morning's press release. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, Gene. Well, clearly our first quarter results was significantly weaker than what we had expected. The strong business momentum that we saw at the close of 2013 was encouraging for us as we entered this year. However, as we moved through March, we began to see our bookings forecast weaken as pharmaceutical capital budget release has slowed and as our sales opportunities in China and Latin America were adversely affected by ordering delays, primarily from governmentally-funded programs. This weaker-than-expected topline performance combined with negative currency translation resulted in a decline in operating margins within the quarter. The year-over-year decline in our net profitability and adjusted earnings was also affected by an anticipated increase in our operating tax rate. As you might expect, we are most focused on the topline weakness as the currency and tax issues are likely to lessen in significance as we move through this year. Looking at the first quarter, our constant currency sales were flat with last year's and our adjusted earnings per share were down 14%. For the Waters Division, our pharmaceutical end market sales were flat in the quarter due to delayed budgetary releases, mostly notably in the United States. Global government and academic business slowed in the quarter in comparison to last year's strong results in Europe and Asia. We anticipate government-funded research in the US to improve this year as funding levels have increased, as the business pipeline looks strong and as the first quarter's results were promising. Geographically, weakness in Latin America and Canada and slower sales growth in China were below expectations for us in the quarter. In these markets, weaker-than-expected governmental spending adversely affected demand for our products. In China, we believe that the spending delays are temporary and that we will see a recovery in our sales growth. The business in China that we had anticipated booking and shipping in the first quarter is largely expected to be secured during 2014. Waters Division constant currency sales in Japan were strong in the quarter and grew at a high single-digit rate. In comparison to last year's first quarter, sales growth benefited from healthy increases in governmental and academic spending. In addition, sales for our products to Japanese industrial chemical customers suggest improving economic activity for these exporting companies. First quarter's positive momentum appears to be continuing in the second quarter, the first quarter in Japan's fiscal year. In the US, since staying in the Waters Division performance, sales was slightly down in the quarter in comparison to a mid single-digit increase in the 2013 quarter. Sales to pharmaceutical customers were flat in the quarter with budgetary delays and larger accounts offsetting stronger performance by smaller and specialty firms. Chemical analysis end markets in the US were also soft in the quarter and down from the prior year's more robust results. As I mentioned earlier, government and academic spending in the US was up in the first quarter and our pipeline for future sales is encouraging for our full year outlook. In general, our developing markets in Latin America were under pressure in the quarter due primarily to weaker governmental funding for academic research and from weaker demand for food and environmental applications. As I mentioned in prior calls, business in these developing markets can be lumpy and a single quarter's outcome has historically not been a harbinger of future results. Our European Waters Division business at constant currency was about flat in the first quarter. In contrast to the US, pharmaceutical sales were strong and up at a high single-digit rate, while government and academic spending was meaningfully down in comparison to a very strong 2013 performance. Our TA Division started off 2014 with a mid single-digit decline in shipments following a strong 2013. After a slow January, orders began to build through the quarter and the division closed the quarter with year-over-year orders growth and the backlog build. Within the quarter, a significant investment was made to integrate newly acquired product lines into the TA portfolio and to train the worldwide sales and service organizations on these new technologies. Geographically, Europe performed well in the quarter and enjoyed strong sales and orders growth. However, the division saw weakness in developing regions and the sales declined in the US. From a product perspective, rheology instruments had a strong quarter. Thermal systems saw a significant growth variability by region. And there was essentially no contribution from newly acquired product lines in the quarter. The outlook for TA for the second quarter and full year is for improvement across the division's product lines and regional markets. For the full year, TA expects to generate incremental sales growth from businesses acquired in 2013 and mid single-digit organic increases from core product offerings. Now I'll talk about some product line dynamics that we saw in the quarter. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew 5% in the first quarter. Within the quarter, severe weather conditions, particularly in the US, and adverse impact on recurring revenue growth as restricted traveling conditions resulted in lower lab productivity. We believe underlying demand for chemistry and service offerings is marginally stronger than our first quarter sales growth may indicate. On the chemistry front, ACQUITY UPLC columns after 10 years in the market now represent our largest column product line with broad penetration across research-focused end markets. Water service business was generally strong across all regions as the trend toward higher penetration for service maintenance contracts was apparent in the quarter's results. Looking at our Waters Division instrument system sales and in contrast to the strong demand we saw late in 2013, UPLC MS system revenues were generally weaker than expected. For higher-end instruments, which incorporate advanced (inaudible) Q-Tof technology, the quarter's weaker performance was somewhat expected due to the particularly strong demand in the base quarter. We anticipate stronger sales growth from our SYNAPT and Xevo Q-Tof systems in subsequent quarters this year due to increased funding levels for government and academic research labs in the US. In addition, the release of capital budget to larger pharmaceutical accounts will benefit research instrument sales. Of greater significance was the year-over-year decline in tandem quadrupole instrument sales. We believe that this weakness in the first quarter is larger attributed to lower demand for food analysis and environmental testing systems, especially in Asian, Latin American and European markets. At this year's Pittsburgh conference in March, we introduced a new iron source technology for our Xevo TQ-S tandem quadrupole systems. This new ion source called ionKey couples the demonstrated advantages of our StepWave technology with an integrated (inaudible)-based ACQUITY column separation to deliver improved sensitivity for challenging applications. Initial customer demonstrations for this new technology has evidenced the competitive edge over more conventional source designs. Accordingly, we anticipate stronger high-end tandem quad system business as we go through 2014. On the chromatography front, ACQUITY instrument system sales benefited from another strong quarter for our ACQUITY QDa mass detector. Demand for this compact mass detection technology, it has the potential to redefine the capability of research-focused liquid chromatography, exceeded the unit shipment volume in the fourth quarter of 2013. The primary application area for this new detection technology continued to be in the area of small molecule drug research. And in the first quarter, we saw drug research customers purchase the QDa as a detection module for existing UPLC or HPLC systems as well as within new system orders. The demand that we saw in the first quarter is particularly encouraging, as we believe it represents a rather small proportion of the likely full year sales, given that many capital budgets were not released in the first quarter. Now we can take a look at the second quarter and the full year. On the new product front, we expect that the positive momentum established for the past two quarters for the ACQUITY QDa will continue to build through the year. And in addition and based on positive customer feedback, we expect that our tandem quadrupole position will be strengthened by ionKey technology and meaningful new product launches planned at the ASMS Conference this June. And in addition, we are confident that our recurring revenues will continue to contribute profitable and stable growth throughout the year. On the TA front, we will ship against the first quarter backlog and begin to meaningfully benefit from newly acquired product lines beginning the second quarter and through the year. If you look towards future M&A, we do see some encouraging opportunities to strengthen our technology portfolio and broaden our reach into medical research. I hope to provide you with more details later this year. In the meantime, it's likely that we'll see more M&A activity from our TA instruments division over the next few quarters, as we see more opportunity to continue with consistent and focused business acquisition plan here. As you know, a key deployment of our cash flow has been our share repurchase program and this will also continue in the future. Before passing you on to Gene, I want to say that we anticipate delivering full year 2014 results that are improved over the first quarter's performance. We have an exciting set of new products to drive business growth, most notably our ACQUITY QDa and new system launches planned for this year's ASMS Conference. The medium and longer-term outlook for our businesses in China and in fact all of Asia continue to be promising. And our competitive positions in these areas are strong. Academic and government spending in the US are expected to improve as governmental agencies will be better funded in 2014 in comparison to the budgetary pressures that we saw in 2013. I believe that 2014 will a successful for Waters, but I would have like to seen a stronger start than our first quarter's performance. Our new product flow is strong and we're well positioned in the most promising market segments. Organizationally, I feel we have fine-tuned our structure at the onset of this year to better address growth opportunities in a cost effective manner. On the leadership transition front, we are steadily progressing to identify and position my successor in a manner that is sure as a smooth transition and the continuation of the core strategies that have accounted for our long-term success. I hope to share with you more information on developments in this area in upcoming communications. In the meantime, we will direct our operational efforts to securing the business that was not captured in the first quarter and we'll modulate our spending to provide a return to operational leverage and earnings growth. Now I'd like to turn it over to Gene for a review of our financials.
Gene Cassis: Well, thank you, Doug, and good morning. Our first quarter revenues of $431 million were flat with last year, with currency translation neutral to sales. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were down 14% to $0.92 in comparison to earnings of $1.07 last year. This is primarily due to adverse currency effects and the higher operating tax rate. The tax rate for 2013 benefited from $3.5 million in US R&D tax credits. This opportunity is no longer available. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $0.82 versus $1.39 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release that we issued this morning. The GAAP results in the first quarter of last year benefited from $31 million reduction in reserves of tax audits and the $3.5 million that I already mentioned in US R&D tax credits. Looking at our growth geographically and before foreign currency effects, the United States sales were down 2%, Europe was up 2%, Japan was up 8% and sales of Asia outside of Japan were up 1%. Rest of world sales notably including Latin America were down against the strong performance in the prior year's quarter. On the product front and in constant currency within the Waters Division, instrument system sales decreased by 5% and our recurring revenues were up by 5%. In all, Waters Division sales were up 1%. For our TA instruments division, constant currency sales including instruments and services decreased by 3%. Now I'd like to comment on our first quarter's non-GAAP financial performance versus last year. Gross margins came in at 56.4%, down from the first quarter of last year, largely due to foreign currency exchange dynamics. SG&A expenses were up 1% as a result of continued tight spending controls and cost reductions from the modest restructuring earlier in the quarter. R&D expenses decreased by 2% due to higher than normal project-related expenses in the 2013 quarter. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate for the quarter came in as expected at 16%. This rate was meaningfully higher than in the first quarter of 2013 when we benefited from both the 2012 and 2013 R&D tax credits that I cited earlier. For full year 2014, we expect our operating tax rate to be between 15% and 16%. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6 million and share count came in at 85.9 million shares or approximately 1.3 million shares lower than in the first quarter of last year. This is a result of our share repurchase program. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1.85 billion and debt came in at $1.33 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of about $521 million. As for first quarter share repurchases, we bought 769,000 shares of our common stock for $86 million. This leaves 262 million remaining on our existing authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditure plus non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual non-recurring items. In the first quarter of 2014, free cash came in at $108 million after funding $16 million worth of capital. Excluded from this amount is $6 million of investments associated with major facility expansion. On this front, we expect our new Wilmslow UK mass spectrometry center of excellence to be fully ready for occupancy and full utilization by mid this year. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 85 days this quarter, up five days from the first quarter of last year. This increase is primarily the result of the particular timing of overseas sales in the quarter and of not signified change in the long-term character or quality of our receivables. In the quarter, inventories increased by $31 million as we built instrument systems to accommodate a stronger than realized shipment volume and as a consequence of our plan to build safety stock during the transition of manufacturing at our new UK mass spectrometry facility. Now I'd like to discuss our 2014 full year outlook. Clearly, we had a meaningful slower topline growth rate in the first quarter than what we had expected. We currently attribute this slow start largely to ordering delays and to a lesser extent shipping delays at our TA instruments division. In the upcoming quarters of 2014, we anticipate that positive new product momentum, the release of delayed capital budgets and the general improvement in our Asian businesses will allow us to recover most of the first quarter shortfall and to finish the year with the mid single-digit growth rate or similar to the constant currency growth rate that we delivered last year. On the currency translation front, at current rates, we are estimating that for the full year, currency will approximately neutral to our sales growth or potentially slightly dilutive to operating margins. Moving down the P&L, gross margins for the year are expected to be around 59% and consistent with those for last year. Operating expenses are expected to be up moderately from 2013 levels or below our sales growth rate. Moving below the operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $28 million and we expect our full year operating tax rate to be in the range of 15% to 16%. Turning to share count, our full year average diluted share count is now expected to be reduced to around 84.5 million shares outstanding. This is a result of our continued share repurchases. Rolling all of this together, non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $5.25 to $5.50. As we think about our expectations for the second quarter of 2014, we anticipate organic sales growth to improve from our first quarter's results and come in at or above the mid single-digit range. Currency translation at today's rates would be about neutral to sales growth. This level of growth in combination with continued tight expense control is expected to result in non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share within a range of $1.15 to $1.27 in the quarter. Thank you. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, Gene. Operator, I think we can now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Our first question is Brandon Couillard, Jefferies.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies: Gene, in terms of the provided outlook for the year, could you give us a breakdown of how you see that developing geographically and then by end market?
Gene Cassis: Generally for the full year outlook, it's pretty safe to look at our business in United States in our pharmaceutical business and assume that sort of the midpoint in our topline guidance is weighed around what our expectations are for that geography and for the pharmaceutical industry. Generally we anticipate that growth rate in Asia will be faster and we're a little bit more conservative on the full year growth rate in Europe. We started the year off pretty strong in Japan where we see positive signs coming into this quarter. So we're expecting that the Japanese rate may come in above the mean or maybe slightly below.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies: And then in terms of the 2Q outlook seems to suggest that the snapback in the organic growth rate, was there something in the order book late in the quarter that gives you the confidence in that rebound sequentially? Any color you can give us in terms of the backlog for the period would be helpful. And then the EPS range implies a slightly wider band than is usual for Waters in terms of the $0.12 delta. Is there something unusual in that low and high-end range?
Gene Cassis: Yes, those are both good questions, Brandon. In terms of the backlog, the one thing that we cited already in Doug's commentary is that we did have positive growth for our TA instruments division, even though we reported slightly negative sales results. So we do have that backlog. We also want to point out that as you look at the base year comparison, for the full year, we had a relatively strong first and fourth quarters and the two middle quarters were relatively flat in terms of our instrumentation growth. There is a base of comparison benefit as we go from the first quarter to the second quarter. Also, as you look at the range of EPS and you look at what the expectations are on the topline, I'd say that the bottom of the range makes very minimal assumptions on the level of snapback that we see from the first quarter, in that our original expectation were that our growth rate in the second and third quarter would be stronger than the fourth quarter. But based on what we're seeing in the market now, we do have reason to believe that a portion of the delays that we saw in the first quarter will in fact come in, in the second quarter. At the high end of the guidance in the second quarter, we were anticipating a more full recovery of the sales delays that we saw in the first quarter. So that's one of the reasons for the expanded delays is kind of encapsulated in that rationale.
Operator: Our next question is Doug Schenkel, Cowen.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen: Some of your peers have already talked about the delay of capital budgets in China. I don't think anyone has talked about delays in US pharma capital budget releases. Why do you think US pharma budget release delays would be more impactful for you? And I'm just wondering if at this point in Q2, you've seen some improvement in that dynamic specific to US pharma.
Douglas Berthiaume: Doug, I think a couple of reasons. Number one, in many of those comparables, our large pharma business is more significant to us than it is for a number of our competitors. And so a delay there is probably going to show up more significantly in our results than in some of the competitors. We talk about this delay and it's not a dynamic that we haven't seen before in terms of late releases of big pharma's capital. And it's something that seems more common than I'd like to believe. But if you look at the request for quotes, there's typical time of turning a quote into an order and particularly look at the non-competitive that is labs that are almost totally dedicated to Waters business versus anyone else. You can see that this quarter, that time delay stretched much longer than has been typical from quote rates to delivering the orders. And obviously we've gone back at this since the quarter completed. We've queried those customers. We feel reasonably confident that as it affects us, these are delays and not lost business. Gene, do you want to add anything to that?
Gene Cassis: No, I think that's accurate. And you know what's interesting? We're seeing this continued trend of an increasing percentage of our pharmaceutical business moving towards more specialty pharmaceutical accounts, more on the buy-out side. And the top 15 accounts that at one point made up about 25% of our sales. That percentage continues to attenuate and it's now approaching closer to 10% of our sales.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen: And I guess one or two quick related questions. I guess in hindsight, looking back at Q4, I'm just wondering if you think some of that Q4 strength in a quarter that was really great and where you attributed a lot of that strength to essentially recapturing revenues that you didn't get earlier in 2013, now if there's any signs that maybe there were some revenue pull-forward out of Q1, was that a dynamic? I know you guys talked about having a lot of momentum heading into Q2 and further into the year. But I am wondering if maybe you think Q4 maybe benefited to some extent in hindsight at the expense of Q1.
Douglas Berthiaume: It's not impossible. I'd say if you look at where we continued to see strength in the fourth quarter, the strength that we saw in China was a continuation. We saw a minor slowdown of releases in the third quarter in China. And that all kind of came back robustly in the fourth. I don't think there was much pull-forward in China. I think what we're seeing this quarter is a new dynamic there. And the pharmaceutical business that we saw in the developed countries in the fourth quarter, it's just kind of so typical of what we see in a budget-less year where that momentum starts off slow and builds up through the end of the year. The only thing I could say would be that our performance with the QDa was very strong in the fourth quarter. So there might have been a little bit of a disproportionate piece of business, because it hadn't been available for sale. But then you look at the QDa and the orders and shipments on the QDa were even strong in the first quarter than they were in the fourth quarter. So clearly, we ask ourselves many of the same questions, because we don't want to be diluted as we go forward. But we can't find too much significant evidence that the fourth quarter represented a big pull-out of the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question Amanda Murphy, William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: I just had a question on the QDa. So you mentioned that some of the platforms were slow to people who already had a solution. I'm curious just can you give us a perspective on how many are buying from existing platforms versus how many are buying QDa as part of a new platform? Just trying to get a sense of how penetrated the existing opportunity is.
Gene Cassis: To the last point, I think we're still very much at the beginning in terms of looking at penetration rates. And we think that there's a tremendously large market for research-focused chromatographs that can benefit from this technology. When you take a look at the fourth quarter last year, we were somewhat surprised to see how many of the QDa technology modules were sold as part of a complete system package. There's about half of them in the quarter. And we saw that people had some money at the end of the year and they decided to invest in a complete system at a rate that was a little bit higher than what we anticipated. If I look at this last quarter, two-thirds of the instruments that we sold in the first quarter were additions to existing chromatographic systems, which was much more in line with what we were envisioning last year. So although the unit volume was up in terms of modules shipped in the quarter, from a revenue point of view, the fourth quarter of 2013 was comparable to what we saw in the first quarter of 2014 and kind of consistent with the outlook that we had coming into this year that the QDa could contribute quite a point of growth for the whole company in full year 2014. And I'd also just add that in terms of the uptake of this technology continues to be most sought after by people doing small molecules work research.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair: And have you guys said how much of your LC install base you think might be candidates for a QDa and then also what the ASP differences are if you were to buy as an add-on versus as part of a broader system?
Gene Cassis: Generally speaking, we look at the install base of chromatographs, Waters and non-Waters, we think it's pretty evenly divided between those that are being used for research purposes and those that are being used for quality control compliance type purposes. And the key market in the short term for QDa technology is going to be on the research side. So there is a tremendously large install base of instruments that are using photodiode array technology. And the usage of that technology implies that the customer is interested in getting qualitative research or compound identification. So we think that this customer base, which might be a quarter to a third of the install base of chromatographs, is a great candidate for QDa technology.
Douglas Berthiaume: And in terms of looking at pricing for this technology, we're able to offer a complete system for less than $100,000, very comprehensive system. And we're able to offer an upgrade to an existing system for something less than $40,000. We think these price points are very attractive for the end markets.
Operator: Our next question is Jon Groberg, Macquarie.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie: I'm just looking at your new guidance and if you look back over the last three years now, every year has something different, but kind of 2% EPS growth, 2% mid single-digit EPS growth this year. I'm just curious if anything that you're seeing in terms of newer challenges in the business. Maybe can you talk about how that is impacting, if it is impacting, the type of candidates that you're looking at to succeed you to run Waters?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think the answer is no, we think that the basic Waters strategy and the strength that we've seen over the years hasn't and shouldn't change. It's not like we believe that long-term opportunities in the high value-added technologies that we bring to market and has sustained our growth over the years has petered out. I think if you look at the last couple of years, I mean look at last year in particular, if the yen had stayed stable, our earnings would have grown double-digits or thereabout. So yeah, I do think it's possible to pull things in and out of any given year. But the focus that we have on developing new technologies and new products with this opportunity to selectively enhance our product portfolios in areas that directly related to what we do, we would currently focus more on TA than anywhere else. But the emerging medical applications and clinical diagnostic software, we think are some real opportunities for us. So I'd say we haven't changed the specs on what we're looking for and we haven't changed what we think the success of Waters long-term is likely to be.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie: And, Doug, would you say in terms of the process, are you pleased with the candidates you're seeing? I know you're going to say you hope to update more in the future, but just kind of maybe you can give us a little bit more color on the process?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think the process has shown that there is a broad array of very interesting candidates who have shown real interest in the opportunity, Jon. I won't say that that surprises me. It's a great company with great technology and great opportunity, but it's nice to see that as you go out there that's reinforced by the response that we're getting from very qualified candidate.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie: Obviously the gross margin I mean down to 56% was one of the weakest just going back over the year, it's a pretty weak number. Are you still expecting 59% for the year? Can you maybe just talk a little bit about why it was so weak in the first quarter and why your comps would be able to get back to a more normalized number for the year?
Gene Cassis: Yeah, the year-over-year comparison going from the first quarter of last year, Jon, to first quarter of this year, you need a little bit more detail to fully understand the dynamic there. The biggest thing is the currency impact on gross margin. So the lion's share of the difference that you see between last year's gross margin and the gross margin that we delivered in the first quarter is related to currency. And this includes the strong flow-through that we get in Japan, where last year for most of the first quarter, we're done with the yen that was at around 92 average (inaudible) this year. Also on the currency, we had the pound movement in direction that was unfavorable to us. So it had the impact of increasing our cost of goods sold for product that sold to United Kingdom. So those are the big dynamics. Now superimposed on that, there is a natural progression of gross margin with volume, as you look at Waters over a one year period. So the reduced volume that we had in the first quarter combined with the typically lower volume that you get in the first quarter contributed to less absorption of fixed cost in the quarter and had negative impact on gross margins. So broadly speaking, it's that dynamic as well as the currency dynamic that caused the 56%-plus gross margin for Waters.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie: But just so I'm clear, If the currency stayed where they are, the yen and the pound, how do you make it up in the next few quarters?
Gene Cassis: In fact, there is a big difference in the value of the yen as you move from the first quarter last year to the second quarter. So as you go and take a look at how the yen progressed across the year, you'll see that as we come into the second quarter, that'll be much more favorable. But pound, I made some commentary that foreign exchange might over the full year be a little bit dilutive. If the pound continues to strengthen, well, that can work against us. But as we go from the first quarter to the second quarter, implied in the guidance is a recovery in the growth of our instrumentation business and that will have a positive effect on our cost absorption.
Operator: Our next question is Paul Knight, Janney Capital Markets.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital Markets: Hi, Doug, I think on some of the same topic and that is operating margins were severely detrimental in the quarter. And is that due to in China when you sell the product, you're probably operating at a higher level of profitability than maybe other markets, or what are the dynamics going on that kind of cause that detrimental to occur?
Douglas Berthiaume: The margins we get around the world, they're remarkably consistent, certainly at the gross margin level. So the effect of the shortfall in China would be really no different than what we'd see from a shortfall in the United States. So if you look your way down P&L, the shortfall in earnings and clearly the shortfall in sales had a significant impact on us. So we were $17 million, $18 million shy of where we thought we were going to be for all the reasons that Gene talked about. Now at the same time, we under-spent SG&A, because we're careful and that's traditionally our bent. So SG&A spending is clearly under control. But when you're flat at the topline, it's still tough to get any leverage out of that. So the real story on the profitability side was the gross margin line. And that's 2.5 points that Gene talked about largely affected by currency and the fact that we have such a shortfall on the instrumentation mix in this quarter. So we see ways for that to reverse itself as we go forward in 2014. We think that's a reasonable forecast. And if the currency behaves itself, it seems to be more or less with a little bit of question on the pound side, we think that recovers.
Paul Knight - Janney Capital Markets: With the completion of the UK facility, what portion of product is made in the UK now?
Douglas Berthiaume: If I take a look at our mass spectrometry center of excellence in Wilmslow, the high-end mass spectrometry that incorporate time of flight technology is primarily manufactured in United Kingdom. If I take a look at mass spectrometers that heavily utilize quadrupole technology, the lion's share of production is at our Wexford, Ireland facility. So most of this facility is not dedicated to manufacturing, Paul. We still are manufacturing more intensely in Ireland for our mass spec products. So it's really a focus on R&D, marketing and administration.
Operator: Next question is Dan Leonard with Leerink.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Justin on for Dan and thank you for the questions. Just was curious if you could elaborate on what you saw in China this quarter, maybe across product lines and some of the end markets and then maybe hone in on the change in kind of dynamics you saw there or alluded to in your prepared remarks.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think that surprised us versus our original expectations is the fact that the incoming quote rates and the desires on the part of customers is still very robust, still looks like kind of what we saw in typically in the last several years. As a matter of fact, the number of very large projects are with customers being very interested in talking to us about outfitting labs in a multiple instrument levels is going up. So the amount of grass roots level of interest, if anything, I think is growing. What we clearly saw was getting those quotes through the orders phase and then through the banking system to approve the shipment and then the payment of the orders, that all slowed in the first quarter. And that's kind of what we've spent a lot of time and researching the current status, why do we think that that's more or less a temporary dynamic. There's some risk that that issue will continue, but we don't think so. We think that we saw a little of this in the third quarter last year that then corrected itself in the fourth quarter. We're anticipating that our business for the year in China will be less than we originally forecasted, but that this significant slowdown will not repeat in the second quarter. Gene, you have anything to add to that?
Gene Cassis: Just that if you look at our position in China historically, it's been a consistent year-over-year double-digit compounded average growth rate business for us. We don't see a very meaningful change in that long-term trajectory. But we also recognize that a significant portion of our business in China is funded by governmental agencies. So I guess that's a risk factor going forward as you begin to think about how governmental spending might have an impact on our business.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you talk a little bit about customer receptivity to the ionKey and then what kind of contribution to topline growth you're banking on this here from that product?
Douglas Berthiaume: Do you want to talk about the initial customer reaction?
Gene Cassis: Sure. The primary aspect of the ionKey is it's designed for applications where you're dealing with very small samples requiring very high sensitivity. Traditionally standard chromatographs were used, which in conjunction with mass spectrometer made for a fairly sophisticated and complex system with a lot of plumbing and tubing. The ionKey for the lack of a better term is almost a solid state chip-based system that really replicates the performance levels that you find with the ACQUITY-based type performance systems. So about two years prior to its introduction, we tested it roughly 25 major pharmaceutical houses with people doing high sensitivity regulated bio analysis. It probably had one of the most expensive free introduction evaluation that then got outstanding review. So as we have rolled it into the marketplace, the receptiveness in a fairly narrow space, which again is low-volume high sensitivity applications, typically clinical type trials and so forth, is quite strong. Having said that, these systems are sold in a fairly high-end mass spectrometry based systems. And they're going into a market segment that is well established. The acceptance probably will take anywhere from six to 18 months for the early adopters now in the go to marketplace to pick up on this technology and find its advantages. So we think it has a fairly large audience in the pharmaceutical industry, but we also believe, because it's regulated and it will require a shift from traditional methods, it's not going to be an overnight transition. It will take a while. But we're very excited about the technology. The customers are excited. And we think that the future is very promising. And it will probably represent the direction of separations technology on the front end of these types of mass spec systems.
Operator: Our next question is Isaac Ro, Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs: I just want to ask one on the pricing environment in general, maybe talk a little bit about what's embedded in your guidance this year and what you've seen year-to-date.
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say there's been no dramatic changes in the pricing environment. You always, Isaac, have some territory around the world that pops up out of the vacuum that all of a sudden the competitor seems to go on a rampage of offering special discounts. But those things happen in kind of very small areas. And we frankly don't see a broad dynamic of significant difficult price competition. It's a very competitive market. So we're always cognizant of what's going on. Certainly if you just look at China, for example, it wasn't that all of a sudden somebody started charging lower prices. We haven't seen those kinds of dynamics. It's more or less business as usual, as we've seen over the last several years.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs: And then just a follow-up would be on your visibility in the drug industry. We're obviously facing a potentially unprecedented year in M&A there. And if you could just remind us, if we think about the cadence of spend from those customers, when you have M&A out there, is it the kind of thing where you have some sense of visibility on when the budget dollars get held up versus when they get released and spending comes back to normal, so to speak? And if so, how much of that's kind of discounted in your current guidance? I think this question might have been touched on earlier, but I was just hoping to tease out some more specifics relying on past precedent?
Douglas Berthiaume: First of all, I'd say in terms of a real merger, nothing is really underway. I mean you see the transactions going on between Glaxo and Novartis and restructuring those R&D programs. But that aside, certainly the Pfizer AstraZeneca, if it ever happened, wouldn't affect this year. And so on the largest front, I don't think you're likely to see those M&A activities affect 2014. To the extent that they do happen, I'd say we've seen both kinds of effects in the last, Christ, go back over 10 years. Some of those deals were aimed largely at sales force consolidation and back-office and G&A. And I'd say in many of those cases, you always see somewhat of a delay, but a pretty rapid return to a normal run rate of business. In more recent years, we've seen more of a focus on R&D organizations and in fact have seen a more significant short-term effect on R&D procurement as they have consolidated R&D operations and significantly in some cases cut back. What we've clearly seen in our broad pharmaceutical marketplace is that the strength in the activity in the generic and the specialty pharma and biotech has made up for that slowdown in the consolidation of big pharma. But that's where I'd say you really have to look at the specifics of any transaction. And who knows if a US company really gets $100 million or more in tax benefits from doing this, maybe they'll have more money to spend on R&D.
Operator: Next question is Jeff Elliott, Robert W. Baird.
Jeff Elliott - Robert W. Baird: Can you talk a little bit more about the triple quad, what do you see in there? Is there a change in the competitive environment or what's going on?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, Gene can chime in here too. The triple quad market I'd say is one of the most competitive segments of the mass spectrometry market. It traditionally has been a marketplace where something happens with one product introduction and they kind of hold up a stronger position for a while. And then a competitor adjusts and comes back. And I'd say that happens almost year-by-year. No one gets knocked out of the box, but they have to respond to specific introductions. With us, I think you've seen us to some extent respond with things like ionKey and in terms of system configurations. But I do think it's fair to say that we've seen a number of competitors' introductions in the triple quad market in the past 09 to 12 months, and that probably had some effect on what's going on in the marketplace. And you'll see us respond over the next nine to 12 months with our own introductions, some included in ASMS. And I think this is just the market that we live in.
Gene Cassis: As we look at the tandem quadrupole market, we see the largest segment of that market being for regulated bio analysis. And based on the performance of our Xevo and Xevo TQ-S, over the past few years, we've made some inroads into a market that has historically been a tougher one for us. Over that time though, I think we've made very good penetration into the food safety testing and environmental segments. So we're disproportionately represented in our market mix towards these applied markets. And I'd say that as you look at these applied markets by quarter, it tends to be a lumpier business. As regulations come into place, you get a surge in business. And it feels good then, but then a year later, it's in the base. So I would say along with the dynamics that Doug pointed out that looking at what's changed year-over-year from us, it's just as not as robust a market for some of these applied market opportunities.
Operator: Tim Evans, Wells Fargo Securities.
Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities: Gene, I think you said at the earlier part of the call that you got basically no contribution from acquisition revenue, inorganic revenue in the quarter. But it looks at you spent like maybe about $45 million dollars on acquisitions since the middle of 2013. Can you comment there on what's going on? I don't think you're buying zero revenue company there, are you?
Gene Cassis: Well, if I take a look at the acquisitions that were made last year and look at those for the TA instruments group specifically, we made about four acquisitions. We did not get product revenue for those acquisitions within the TA instruments division. Now within the Waters Division, we also made acquisitions last year, but they were technology-based. So it was technology that's embedded primarily in our SYNAPT line of mass spectrometers. So it's a long-term with technology play rather than revenue stream that we acquire. So that's the reason why you're not seeing revenue associated with the Waters Division acquisition, because we really were not buying revenue, we were buying technology. And on the TA side, we have devoted significant amount of time during the last quarter towards training the new organization and getting manufacturing processes for future growth this year. And I think you'll begin to see in the second quarter and beyond some nice contribution from the TA acquisition.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, Tim, the TA acquisitions were largely done late in the year. And they were smaller organizations. In many cases, they're doing businesses through distributors. And so we decided as part of the transactions to take the time and renegotiations, we're doing direct. We had to renegotiate agreements in many cases and thought that it'd be much cleaner to not press these products through an old distribution channel, but to take our time and drive it out there later in the year. So that's why you're seeing a de minimis effect in the early part of the year. But these sales will grow significantly as we move through the year.
Tim Evans - Wells Fargo Securities: And can you just make a real quick comment on what you saw in the quarter?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, our overall business in India was flat in the quarter, which is probably a little bit better than it was on average last year. And I still think we're seeing the effect of the regulatory issues in the generic drug manufacturers in India. And we're beginning to see the (inaudible) beginning to settle down. So we have optimism that as we get later in this year, we could see an improvement in our India business.
Operator: Our next question is Derik De Bruin.
Derik De Bruin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I don't mean to harp on this, but I'm a little bit surprised that you're maintaining your organic revenue growth guidance of mid single-digits, given historically what's happened. I mean there has been purchasing delays, as people have looked (inaudible). And also in emerging markets, you're not as strong. Academic and government markets, they're not strong as they were in the past. Even the applied markets are slowing. I'm just a little bit curious as to why you still think that this time is different from what we've seen in the past. I'm still just a little bit flabbergasted.
Gene Cassis: I think as you begin to look at the mid single-digit growth rate assumption, here're some of the basis tenets that are beneath that. We think that market conditions are not drastically different from what we experienced last year. And last year, our constant currency growth rate was a little bit better than 5%. If I take a look at the components that drive our growth, we have roughly half of our business within the broad definition of recurring revenue. And historically, it's grown at a consistent mid single-digit or better rate. So if we think about the recurring revenues growing at a rate that's historically in line, you'd be looking at 5%, 6%, 7% growth rate, which brings about 3 points of growth to the corporation. So superimposed on that, we think that we have some opportunities this year with products like the QDa and with the TA acquisitions to ensure a certain level of instrumentation growth above the recurring revenue growth. So when you begin to rip the business apart that way, you think about what the implications are for the core revenues for instruments. They're really not that dramatic to get you to the 5%-plus level. So that's the basic understanding that brought us to this position.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think, Derik, to be fair, if you look at one of the most significant shortcoming in the quarter, China was a big piece of it. And so if you look at the risk/reward equation, we clearly think that the rest of the year in China isn't going to be a continuation of the first quarter. We think we have analyzed that to a level that we're not crazy in that assumption. In many ways, we're looking at significant projects that would even add to that enthusiasm. But they're not in hand yet. So we're not going to take them to the bank. But I would admit that China is a swing. If we're not right and China doesn't come back, but we don't think China can cut off forever their commitment to this technology. And so that's an important part of why we think the future is better than the first quarter. Well, thank you, all, for hanging with us this quarter. It was clearly not the strongest quarter that we've had recently. And we hope to be talking to you on a more enthusiastic bent next quarter. So thanks again and we'll see you in the future. Bye, bye.
Operator: This does conclude the conference for today and all participants may disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John A. Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President - Finance & Administration Eugene G. Cassis - Corporate Vice President of Worldwide Business Development and Investor Relations Arthur G. Caputo - Executive Vice President and President of the Waters Division
Analysts: Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2013 conference call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, our Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, the Corporate Vice President. Well, today, I will start with an overview of the business. Then John will follow with details of our financial results, and Gene will conclude our prepared remarks with an outlook for our business in 2014. But before we start, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q1 and full year of 2014. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions, and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, in Part 1 under the caption Business Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2014. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to meet most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials, included in this morning's press release.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, I'm pleased to tell you that our 10% constant currency revenue increased in the fourth quarter with a strong finish to 2013 and resulted in full year sales growth that was in line with the growth that we had anticipated early in 2013. When you look at the full year, stronger academic and industrial spending, significantly in overseas markets, offset less robust sales growth for new instrument systems, primarily to our larger pharmaceutical accounts. These trends were reflected in our product line revenues in 2013 as high-end mass spectrometry sales to academic and biotech accounts were particularly strong, while growth for core chromatography instruments recovered late in the year. Throughout the year, our recurring revenues grew consistently, indicating increasing utilization of instrument systems in the installed base, a positive indicator for future new system sales. Across our markets, pricing held up well in 2013, while gross margins were slightly off from last year's due to a combination of currency effects and product mix dynamics. Through the year, we judiciously managed our expenses while adding required field personnel to support customers in rapidly expanding regional markets. In addition, we supported several new product introductions for our Waters and TA divisions. Our slower-than-typical growth in operating income was largely due to the sharp decline in the Japanese yen. So for the full year, our adjusted earnings per share were up moderately to $5.04, an increase that's significantly less than typical given our history of generating operating leverage along with accreting EPS through our share repurchase plan. However, the effects of currency translation in 2013 largely explain the slower-than-expected growth in adjusted EPS. Looking at the fourth quarter. Constant currency sales in the corporation were up 10% for both instrument system sales and for our recurring revenue. The strength that we saw in the quarter was balanced in terms of major geographical regions and across our product lines. In comparison to our results earlier in the year, the most pronounced improvement was in the sales growth for Waters Division instrument systems, which were up close to 10%. Geographically and for the Waters Division, sales growth in the United States was up 9%. In the quarter, we saw a meaningful improvement in pharmaceutical spending and very strong industrial, chemical and food analysis sales. For the full year, sales in the U.S. were up at a mid-single-digit rate. Sales growth in Europe for the Waters Division was up 5%. As we saw earlier in the year, for Europe, academic spending was robust and grew at a strong double-digit rate in the quarter. Year-over-year European pharmaceutical sales were slightly down in the quarter due to a strong performance in the fourth quarter of 2012. However, looking at this segment from an orders growth perspective and sequentially from the third quarter results, the trends are encouraging and more reflective of the improvement that we saw in the U.S. Waters Division constant currency sales in Japan increased in the quarter due to continued government funding -- funded spending, primarily for research-focused applications. The strength in Japan was particularly driven by strong sales of high-end UPLC/MS/MS instruments for academic institutions. In the quarter, our business to industrial and pharmaceutical firms continued to be under pressure. We are hopeful that new stimulative policies will revive the export-driven industrial firms in Japan and consequently result in higher levels of scientific instrumentation demand. Our quarterly sales growth in China returned to a solid double-digit rate, as administrative delays that we cited in the third quarter were largely resolved and allowed us to return to a quarterly revenue growth more in line with the true business momentum in China. In the quarter, shipments of instrument systems to governmental and academic customers drove our growth with end-use applications for life science research, food testing and environmental monitoring all showing strength. Sales in India were down modestly in the quarter compared to the 2012 quarter, but shipment volumes were a little higher than in the third quarter of 2013. All in and in light of improving ordering trends, we continue to feel that demand in India has stabilized and hold out optimism that 2014 will be a better year. For the full year, our business in India did grow modestly in contrast to the contraction in sales that we experienced in 2012. Our sales in Asian markets outside of Japan, China and India grew at a double-digit rate, an improvement over the growth we saw earlier in the year and a promising sign as we enter 2014. Our TA Instruments division had a very strong quarter with double-digit sales growth primarily based on strong demand across the entire TA portfolio of products and for most large regions. Core thermal and rheology instruments provided a strong foundation for growth for the year, and in the fourth quarter, TA closed on 2 small acquisitions and is quickly integrating these product technologies into the TA lineup. Now I'll discuss some product line dynamics that we saw for the Waters Division in the quarter. The division's recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew at a high single-digit rate in the quarter. Chromatography consumable sales were strong in the quarter and grew by 10%. A portion of this growth can be attributed to a favorable base of comparison and an extra selling day in the quarter. However, the lion's share of the growth is associated with the continued rapid uptake of ACQUITY columns, including our new line of CORTECS column. Our service business also performed very well in the quarter and grew at a high-single rate with balanced strength across all major regions of the world. Looking at our Waters Division mass spec instrument system sales. We continued to see strongest demand in the quarter for high-performance QTof technology systems, including Xevo and SYNAPT platform instruments. New SYNAPT G2-Si, which we introduced at ASMS last June, continues to be well received for large biomolecule applications. At the same time, our UNIFI-enabled Xevo QTof instrument is potentially defining a new market category for bench-top accurate mass and rapid screening mass spec capabilities for both life science and applied market applications. Sales of our tandem quadrupole system were flat in comparison to a strong quarter last year. Sequentially, demand was up nicely from shipment levels in the third quarter. And in 2013, we enjoyed our highest volume for tandem quadrupole technology instrument in our history. In all, 2013 was a strong year for Waters and mass spectrometry. We believe that we have secured a differentiated position in research Tof technology, by uniquely coupling high-resolution ion mobility capability and advanced software to deliver an easy-to-use and performance-leading SYNAPT system. On the chromatography instrumentation front, I believe we delivered an impressive quarter from multiple perspectives. Importantly, we saw a nice recovery in demand from our pharmaceutical customer base and classical small molecule applications to augment an already healthy trend in biomolecule applications. The improved demand was primarily for ACQUITY UPLC systems. In addition, our chromatography instrument growth was further enhanced by higher sales volumes of application-tailored systems, including our proprietary UPC2 instrument and our advanced polymer characterization system. Both of these systems are quickly reaching a point where larger accounts will begin to incorporate multiple systems into their research workflows. Most significantly, we are excited and pleased with the recent introduction of a new detection technology that's attractive for existing and new customers alike. When we last spoke in October, I noted the introduction of the Waters ACQUITY QDa, a compact, easy-to-use and cost-effective LC detector, incorporating quadrupole mass spectrometry technology and enabling chromatographers to augment their current instruments with molecular mass measurements. The reception of this product among our existing base of users has been very positive, and the QDa was quickly recognized as providing a unique set of attributes. This positive first impression was quickly followed by a high interest to purchase, quickly generated purchase orders and instrument deliveries. Interestingly, we found that about half of early orders for the QDa included the purchase of complete Waters systems rather than a mass detector upgrade to an existing instrument. We are confident that our late year introduction of this technology has provided our customers the opportunity to include this new system in their 2014 capital purchasing plans. Thinking more broadly, this new detector is enabling a first-of-its-kind LC system for both research and routine testing applications, much in the same way compact bench-top GC/MS technology transformed the gas chromatography market. So in summarizing our fourth quarter results, overall instrument system demand improved meaningfully from what we experienced through the first 3 quarters. Though weak public sector demand in the United States and restructuring activities at some of our large pharmaceutical accounts continued to serve as headwinds, global strength in public sector segments, along with continued improvements in industrial demand, contributed to a strong quarterly result and allowed our full year sales growth to recover to a solid mid-single digit level. Throughout the year, our recurring revenues delivered predictable and profitable growth. Our TA Instruments business continued to perform well, contributing positively to the top and bottom line of the corporation. Sales growth in this division suggests that TA is doing a good job at attracting an increasing share of the improving advanced materials characterization market. We see factors that suggest to us that market conditions in 2014 will be as good or better than those of 2013. U.S. public spending for research is likely to improve with the issuance of an NIH budget. The gradual global economic recovery will hopefully continue, and China will continue to invest in scientific infrastructure. In addition, India may return to more reasonable growth, and we are encouraged that our technologically differentiated products, such as the SYNAPT G2-Si and our new ACQUITY QDa, will contribute -- will continue to attract new orders even from a challenging pharmaceutical end market. Before turning it over to John and Gene, I will say a few words about our nonoperational plans. In short, please expect more of the same in terms of our capital structure and deployment of our free cash. On the M&A front, we will continue to seek smaller complementary technology opportunities that fit our profitability and growth characteristics. Our strategy remains focused on seeking assets that enhance our technology and market-leading positions within the broadly defined liquid chromatography, mass spectrometry and thermal analysis markets. The key deployment for our cash flow has been toward our share repurchase program, and this will likely continue into the future. In closing, I believe we have a great business and a proven long-term strategy. A commitment to the continuity of this proven business model has allowed us to both maintain market leadership and strong returns over the last 20 years. As we look toward the future and consider our capital allocation, research priorities and management development plans, we plan to proceed in ways to best ensure that the core tenets of our strategy will be preserved and consequently, our customers, employees and shareholders best served. Now here's John for a review of our fourth quarter financials.
John A. Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. Fourth quarter sales grew by 10% before currency translation. Currency translation reduced sales growth by 2% resulting in 8% overall sales growth. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were up 7% to $1.70 this quarter compared to earnings of $1.59 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.65 this quarter versus $2 last year. And a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. As I just mentioned, before foreign currency translation, sales were up 10%. Looking at this growth geographically and again, before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were up 10%. Europe was up 5%. Japan was up 3%, and sales in Asia, outside of Japan, were up 15%. On the product front and in constant currency, within the Waters Division, instrument system sales increased by 9%, and recurring revenues grew by 9% as well this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, total sales increased by 16% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q4 non-GAAP financial performance versus prior year. Gross margins came in as expected at 59.5% and continued to be negatively impacted by foreign currency translation versus prior year. SG&A expenses were up 6% this quarter driven largely by sales greater than forecasted, generating higher variable compensation expenses in several geographies. And R&D spending was up by 8% driven by heavier project expenses on new products. On the tax front, our higher sales performance was weighted towards our higher tax rate geographies and brought our full year tax rate to about 14.5% versus our previous expectation of about 14%. Within the quarter, the effect of applying this rate to our full year pretax income reduced our earnings per share by about $0.04. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6.9 million, and share count came in at 86 million shares, 1.9 million shares lower than Q4 last year, as a result of our continuing share repurchase programs. On the balance sheet, cash and investments totaled $1,804,000,000, and debt totaled $1,323,000,000, bringing to us a net cash position of about $481 million. As for Q4 share repurchases, we bought 755,000 shares of our common stock for $75 million. This leaves $348 million remaining on our authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures, plus any noncash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. For Q4, free cash flow came in at $133 million after funding $23 million of CapEx. Excluded from this CapEx amount is $8 million of spend associated with major facility construction. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 69 days this quarter, down 2 days from Q4 last year. And in the quarter, inventories declined by $16 million. So for the full year, 2013 sales grew by 5% pre-currency effects, while currency translation reduced sales by 2%. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were up 2% to $5.04 per share versus $4.93 last year. 2013 saw significant currency headwinds from the Japanese yen. All in, currency translation reduced earnings by $0.27 versus prior year. Without this currency effect, the 5% sales growth would have resulted in approximately 8% growth in non-GAAP earnings before diluted share. And now here's Gene with the current financial view of 2014.
Eugene G. Cassis: Well, thank you, John, and good morning all. Looking ahead to 2014, our outlook generally assumes the continuation of the market conditions we saw in 2013. Specifically, we are envisioning stable increases in our recurring revenue sales in combination with a modest increase in the growth rate of our instrument shipments. This growth in instrument sales is associated with an assumption of a continued improvement in the overall global economy and from our new product initiatives. We feel these factors combine to support a mid-single-digit organic sales increase for 2014. Currency at today's rates and in light of our sales and cost footprints should be about neutral to our revenue and operating income growth. Moving down to P&L. Gross margins for the year are expected to be about equal to those in 2013. Volume-related manufacturing efficiency gains may likely be offset by increases in costs associated with the startup our new U.K. mass spectrometry center and potentially with higher initial manufacturing costs for new products planned for introduction in 2014. At the projected sales growth rate, operating expenses are expected to grow at a rate that's slightly less than sales. Moving below the operating income line. Net interest expense is expected to be around $28 million. We currently expect our operating tax rate to be between 15% and 16%. This projected change in rate is higher than our 2013 rate and assumes that United States R&D tax credits that reduced our '13 rate by more than 1% will not be extended into 2014. We plan to continue our share repurchase program throughout this year at a rate that we expect will result in an average diluted share count of about 85 million shares. Rolling all of this together and on a non-GAAP basis, full year 2014 earnings per fully diluted share are projected to be within a range of $5.35 to $5.55. Now looking at the first quarter of 2014. We are estimating that sales will grow at a slightly slower rate than for the full year. This expectation is due primarily to a strong quarter -- first quarter in 2013 and accordingly a moderately more challenging base of comparison. Currency at today's rates is about neutral to sales and the stronger euro being offset by weakness in the Japanese yen. An increase in our effective tax rate will adversely impact the first quarter's earnings. Last year, in the first quarter, the rate included a recognition of both a 2012 R&D tax credit, as well as one in 2013. The 2012 credit was only passed by Congress early in 2013. So rolling all these factors together, we expect the first quarter earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $1.05 to $1.15. Thank you. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, Gene. And Amy, I think now we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: So Doug, I'm just thinking about it a little bit, and I'm sort of bouncing back a little bit between calls, but I know you've highlighted the strength of QDa, and I'm just trying to think as we move into '14 here, new products overall. What else can we expect? And what would you expect their contribution to be to the top line kind of over the next 12 to 24 months?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think, Jon, we've got a number of things that we're aiming for, essentially the Pittsburgh Conference and ASMS, which is middle of the year. But of course, the QDa, we really only saw their results in the fourth quarter, and so you'll wind up seeing 3 quarters of incremental growth from the QDa in 2014, which we expect to continue to provide some momentum there. We're not prepared to discuss the mass spec introductions that are coming at ASMS, but I think you can tell from our history to expect some new innovations showing up at ASMS. We're also seeing continued momentum coming out of our introduction of the UPC2, which had good results in 2013, and we think we have many years of momentum that are likely to come out of the UPC2 product line. And finally, TA, which has substantially refreshed their product lines over the last 1.5 years, as well as incorporating the series of their small acquisitions over the past 12 months, we think we can get incremental growth out of the TA product lines, too. So that's all very encouraging, I think.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay. And maybe just to follow up, tying it into end markets. Are you seeing any end markets, in particular, more receptive to buying some of these new products as opposed to the ones that are maybe still a little bit more conservative?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think what we saw as we came through the latter part of 2013, I think the key words is broad based. We saw excellent response across most of our major product segments and saw an improvement in the broad-based pharmaceutical market. Now granted it wasn't so much big pharma that, that came from, as much as specialty pharmaceuticals, biotech. But I'd say we're certainly seeing a good response to our technologies across the applied markets, as well as the broad-based life science markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wondering if you can dig in a little bit more on kind of pharmaceutical trends, Doug, John and Gene. Maybe just give us some color. I know, Doug, in your wrap-up, you mentioned there was just still kind of a headwind, although they did improve this quarter. So kind of what are you seeing from kind of your large pharma in terms of restructuring kind of trends and spending, whether it be geographically or just any anecdotal color to help us?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say we're continuing to see slow momentum out of the large integrated pharmaceutical companies. We still see a lot of restructuring going on there. I would say looking for silver linings, the response to the QDa across big pharma in the early stages has been very good. We haven't seen them move en masse to the technology, but I'd say we're very hopeful about the response in big pharma to the QDa and what it can mean across their applications. But clearly, the strength that we've seen in the broad-based pharmaceutical life science market has been really outside of the big pharma accounts, particularly strong in CROs, particularly strong in biotech. So that's what we saw coming out of the latter part of 2013 there.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then would you characterize your 5% organic as kind of a conservative guide given the improvement in NIH funding, PMIs globally improving and some of the trends that you're seeing with your customers?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I'd say we're trying to be as realistic as possible as we always try to be in looking out 12 months. I think, clearly, we saw a bit of an inflection in the fourth quarter, and that's very encouraging coming late in the year as to what that might portend for 2014. But one swallow doth not a summer make, so we want to put probably a little bit more behind us before we take that kind of growth to the bank. So we're trying to walk that line. We'd clearly like to overdeliver on our forecast. That's been hard in some years past, and maybe we're set up to reverse that trend. But I think we've got to put a little more experience behind us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken with ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I'm curious what your thoughts are. I know you made some comments on India, but in general, just sort of in emerging markets, we've obviously seen a little bit of wobble to start the year, just given some of the currency movements. And then specific to India, I'm curious how much of it is sort of folks coming back online versus sort of a steadying out in the rupee versus just easing comps to kind of give us a little bit of recovery there.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Ross, I think India has clearly got a mixed bag of all those things. You've got these companies trying to restructure their financials based on a weaker rupee. You clearly have a weaker basis because of the lower growth in 2013. You've got regulatory issues that I think they thought were behind them. But I'm sure you saw the FDA issues with Ranbaxy just this week, so they're probably not all behind in India. But I'd say we're cautiously optimistic that we'll see better results in 2014 than we saw in 2013, and it's the sum total of all those factors. We don't see -- contrary to losing market share, we think we're holding our own to cautiously gaining some market share in a tough market. So that's the India story. The emerging markets is definitely not homogenous. We see areas in Asia that you'd characterize as emerging as generally very strong. Our performance outside of China and India in Asia was very good. And China, if you consider that emerging, continues to -- boy, coming out of 2013, we have just as many discussions with major opportunities in China as we had going into the year. So we see no underlying factors in China that suggest a slowing there. In the areas of the Middle East, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, very good performance, so continuing signs of those emerging economies investing in our kinds of technology. So as I say, I'm sure I'm being redundant, but there's broad-based results that we saw, and kind of building confidence is happening across the developed areas and most of the developing world. I'd say Brazil continues to raise question marks. It's a big economy, and we've seen some delays in Brazil, but it's not a big part of our emerging markets. So outside of that, I'd say, generally, it's all positive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Can you [ph] quantify the impact of currency mix and amortization on the gross margin in the fourth quarter?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: John, you want to...
John A. Ornell: Yes. Currency had about a 50 bp hit in Q4, about 70 for the full year.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And amortization for...
John A. Ornell: The UNIFI we're talking about?
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes.
John A. Ornell: Yes, UNIFI was about 35 bps in Q4 and about 50 for the full year.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And then could you elaborate on the impact of the Japanese stimulus funds in the fourth quarter in terms of revenue contribution? And should we expect a tailwind from that program into the first half of the year?
Eugene G. Cassis: Yes, I -- if I take a look at the -- this is Gene -- the factors that grow growth in Japan were heavily weighted towards government and academic spending. In fact, as we look at the first quarter, we're expecting some new tax policies to potentially get some of the pharmaceutical and industrial chemical spending to a higher level. So it's not clear that the government spending on research will be as pronounced in calendar year 2014 as it was in 2013. However, the base of comparison that we have on pharmaceutical and industrial chemical spending is favorable this year, and we see both economic stimulus policies by the Abe government as well as potential tax reform as being a positive to the nongovernmental spending in Japan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Leerink.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Wondering how your communication and [ph] half of the QDa were full system sales as compared to bolt-ons. How does that compare versus your expectations? And do you think that's sustainable?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say it's probably twice as loaded towards full systems, Dan, than we anticipated. We thought early on, particularly in a tough capital market, that customers would be more inclined to find available capital money to satisfy the detector but probably not the full system. And what we found was clearly a little surprising to us, that even though this wasn't a system that we had available so that they could budget for it this year, they were very strong in finding end-of-the-year money in order to purchase.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: And your views on the sustainability of that, of the QDa to pull through full LC sales?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We don't think -- it's a mixed bag. I -- we certainly believe that there's a major opportunity to have accounts upgrade their detector, installed detector base to this new technology. But at the same time, it looks like, early on, there's going to be a strong desire to bring in full system. So I think what we're likely to see and what we could well be seeing is these accounts are buying 3 or 4 and bringing in full new systems in order to get the experience on it and to expose it to their broader laboratory environment. And once that happens, then they may proliferate it into their more existing systems. That could well be what we're seeing at this stage of the game.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight with Janney Capital Markets.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Doug, when do you think the diagnostics market is meaningful? And where do you feel your, I guess, competitive position is as you kind of look at that in the years ahead?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Paul, I think, long term, we're very optimistic about the opportunities of our technology to serve emerging needs in the diagnostic marketplace. As you know, in -- we kind of satisfy it in a niche basis today with immunosuppressant drug monitoring and vitamin D and pain management applications and of course, neonatal screening. And mass spec has made some inroads, you see, in the rapid microbiology area. There's been some success there. But it's still kind of a niche-oriented marketplace for LC and particularly for mass spec. We are investing early funds in several areas. We're doing some things on a cooperative basis with some thought leaders in this area that we think will pay off, probably not early on in 2014, but as we look out past 2014 and to the broader area of things that are in classical diagnostics or broader than that in the kind of metabonomics, metabolomics and proteomics area. Looking at biomarkers, looking at early-on indicators of disease, we're seeing broad-scale interest there across many, many thought leaders. And it's blurring the identification of what's truly a diagnostic application versus what's an early-on biomarker application. So I think that's coming, but I think you're going to see the classical R&D and discovery applications certainly being serviced in 2014. Getting into the actual clinic probably comes later on.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And last, in the ultra-high pressure marketplace, I think there's some that try and grab a niche by having lower-pressure formats. Is -- does that really matter in ultra-high pressure, that you can offer a more of a dynamic range? Or is it just a game of getting the most atmospheres?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think what you're probably hearing, Paul, is competitors trying to position themselves against the market leaders. And so if Waters has a particular position that's carved out in the UPC -- UPLC arena and others can't get there, they'll try their best to say, "It doesn't matter." or "We can do almost as good." I think what we find is that customers are looking for the best performance to fit their application, and we don't sell high pressure in and of itself. We sell the -- an instrument that best performs with the chemistries and the software that we bring. So in some applications, you absolutely can get the absolute best performance by utilizing the highest specs of a system, and in other applications, it's the chemistry and the software and service that most bring them into our realm. Art, you want to expand on that?
Arthur G. Caputo: Yes. The reality of the situation is that having been first to come out with a very intensified position in the ultra-performance area, if you look across our product line, we cover the complete gamut of just about everything that anybody's thinking about from all forms of mixing, all forms of pressure, all forms of interfacing. And so from our standpoint, this is all focused on solving specific problems. And most of the competitive positions against us pick 1 or 2 of those areas and try to emphasize it. If you go broadly, our position in the marketplace has not been affected much at all in the last 10 years as we introduced the products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask a question on pricing. Can you maybe try and quantify how much pricing contributed to growth in 2013 versus 2012? And as a follow-up, what's baked into your assumptions for guidance this year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: In a classical sense, pricing's a push, Isaac. We introduce new products, and to the extent that they establish a different price point, that certainly has a mix dynamic, we'd call it. But if you look at the prices of existing products, they're essentially equal across the years.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then for this year, same sort of effect...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: You should anticipate the same dynamic. Margin -- and you can see that in the margin dynamics. The margins are stable x the currency dynamics that we've talked about.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then on the tax rate, just given the unusual cadence there you had last year, could you a little bit -- shed a little bit more color on the cadence this year? You talked about first quarter but maybe for the rest of this year.
Eugene G. Cassis: Yes. We're -- Isaac, we're expecting the tax rate to be between 15% and 16%, and the base of comparison is going to be most dramatic in the first quarter because we started last year off at a rate that included 2 U.S. R&D tax credits. But we're also not sure if we -- we don't discount the possibility of seeing an extension by the U.S. Congress into this year, but we haven't factored that yet into the -- into our assumptions.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: So if tax law stays the same, Isaac, you should see the rates stay stable right across the quarters, unlike last year, when the change in law mandated how we recorded it differently in the first quarter versus the rest of the year.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then just last one, if I could, Doug. Any update from the board on succession planning? And specifically wondering if -- where you guys are in narrowing the field of candidates and whether or not that list includes internal candidates at this point.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, sure. As I think everybody knows, the board has established a successor planning committee that is meeting regularly, has retained an executive search firm. But we're still early on in the process. There's no fast-burning fuse on this, and so I'd say the board is moving in a very confident but measured pace. And I wouldn't expect you to hear anything dramatic on this anytime soon. The board is definitely considering all possible strategic candidates, both internal and external, and it'll probably be the middle of the year before we are prepared to announce any update on this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess, Doug, I wanted to just understand a little bit more about performance in the quarter, to the extent maybe you could characterize how much of a backlog drawdown you had and how much of a pull-forward in sales you had in this quarter versus what you're expecting from the first quarter of '14.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, Amit. The simple answer is that if you look at our sales growth rate versus our orders growth rate, our orders growth rate was a little bit stronger than our sales growth rate. And backlog dynamics did not materially influence our fourth quarter results. So it's really still an open question as to whether the orders and the underlying strength that we saw in the fourth quarter, how much that portends for the future. And you can make a case that it's a stronger case for the future than we've seen, but as I've said, we're going to be a little cautious in how we approach 2014.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And a follow-up, I guess, on the gross margin side, I was hoping maybe Gene or John could talk a little bit more about the dynamics between the U.K. facility and the volume gains for 2014. Just trying to understand why gross margin won't tick up more. And I guess I have one more for you on China. The big players, GE, Siemens, Philips, have all talked about slowdowns there. Do you look at that in any sort of lag factor as potentially impacting the business later in '14 for you?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The China question, I think, is a logical one for people to ask. I think, like a lot of areas, the fact that GE faces different dynamics in their infield in the United States or in Western Europe certainly comes as no surprise to you versus us. It's a different business. It has different dynamics behind it. We're in a totally different segment of the marketplace. We think -- and of course, we try to monitor this with how much funding is available and what the underlying requests for new applications are. I'd say, if anything, we see increasing demand in China rather than decreasing demand. And yes, at various times, we see there's a little funkiness with the release of funds, but I'd say we see no current signs or underlying signs of reduced demand across our major served marketplaces in China. And on the other question, Gene, you want to...
Eugene G. Cassis: Yes, on the gross margin front, Isaac, the guidance...
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Amit.
Eugene G. Cassis: Oh, I'm sorry, Amit. I'm sorry, Amit. On the gross margin front, we typically get manufacturing leverage on the instrumentation side. And in prior years, and when we have a typical growth rate in our instrument sales, we'd usually talk about 20 bps' worth of leverage on the manufacturing side. As we begin to look at what we hope is conservative guidance for 2014, we're thinking that, that sort of better absorption of fixed cost will likely be offset by some potential higher cost on the U.K. side, as well as some potential mix dynamic. So it's those factors that are driving our assumption of a flat gross margin. Looking at the effect of foreign currency, if we look at it on the top line, you're likely to see that the stronger euro kind of offsets the little weakness in the yen. And again, as you're looking at gross margins, be cognizant that it's really the yen and the pound that are the most important currencies to look at because we have a disproportionate amount of cost in goods sales that are pound denominated, and we have pretty low costs in Japan that are yen based.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Amit, I think it's important to note that when we talk about the differential cost of our Manchester facility, what our Manchester folks have been residing in for the past 17 years, to call it manufacturing sites that Charles Dickens would have thought was not adequate would be probably being fair. I mean, what they have produced in the kind of facilities that they've lived in has just been amazing, and we finally bit the bullet and have brought them into what we think of as the 21st century. But that's come at a cost, and it'll take us a year to kind of leaven those expenses. So that's why we're careful about describing -- bringing those costs. It'll take a while to grow into.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: My first question is looking at the incremental margin of about 30% in Q4, which was on a really strong revenue growth number, this is arguably a little bit lighter than what one might have expected on that type of revenue growth. I think you could say that's even more true given the extra day in the quarter, and that can have, I think, a favorable impact to the margin line, especially if you have a strong instrument performance. So could -- with all that in mind, could you address any concern related to the margin performance as some might argue that this performance could be indicative of you approaching peak margins? And I think this is especially relevant given that your 2014 guidance seems to imply that you're expecting incrementals only in the 20s on mid-single-digit top line growth.
John A. Ornell: The answer to that question is really based on the fact that the overage that we had in the fourth quarter put a fair number of our incentive plans in marginal payout situations from no payout as we made our way through the third quarter. So what you're seeing is an incremented spend in Q4 that's really making up for amounts that would have been accrued across the quarters had we anticipated that we would have reached this type of growth earlier in the year. There's no doubt that Q4 was much stronger than even our internal forecasts, and fortunately, for those in some of these geographies, there is a payout versus nothing. And you're really seeing the impact of all of that, like I said, all in the fourth quarter versus spread across the year. So I think from that perspective, you can understand how that surprise on the top line just translated to a little bit heavier spending down the P&L. On the tax front, another area that took a little bit of the wind out of the balloon as well, again, the overage was more a factor of production in the U.S., better experience with some of the mass specs that were coming out of the higher tax rate jurisdictions, so it moved the tax rate a little bit as well and took away some of the leverage all the way to the bottom line, as you might have expected. And I wouldn't say, really, any of that is indicative of the ability of the business to leverage itself going forward. These are just plans that generally pay out at a mid-single-digit rate. We've got them factored in to the guidance going forward. And I think we're being, hopefully, a bit conservative on the leverage that we're looking at for next year, and I would say if we're lucky enough to do a little bit better than the mid-single digit, you're more likely than not to see that create the type of leverage that you historically have seen from us as that may materialize as the year goes on.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So that's really helpful. And I guess, if we use that as a launching point into my follow-up, it seems like the guidance for incrementals, at least embedded into guidance for 2014, are a little bit lower than I would have expected. Again, that may just be a function of trying to be conservative as you head into the new year. But if you look at, again, and this is nothing new, your high capital mix as a percentage of revenue, visibility is clearly inherently challenging for you quarter-to-quarter. It always has been. It does seem like visibility has been a little bit more challenging than normal the last several quarters. I think it'd be useful to maybe just to talk through to the extent that there are some efforts that you guys have made over the last several quarters to improve visibility, if those are progressing and how relevant are those as we think about your outlook heading into 2014 and what looks like a wider range at the EPS lines than, I believe, what we've seen from you for a little while.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, Doug. I mean, I think visibility in our business isn't -- most of the life science tools people is challenged because we work with such slim backlogs. And for all of us, most of our revenue is produced by orders that are generated in the quarter. So you're really challenged by looking at what you think is going to happen from quarter-to-quarter rather than some of the large industrial players who work with multi-quarters that are -- of sales are in their backlog. And so clearly, as we look at 2013, we went from flat to low 1% kind of growth coming in the first quarter, gradually increasing. We saw 4% kind of growth in the third quarter, and then very strong fourth quarter. So you're talking about -- and clearly, we influence that. We think we're doing better than most. I don't think most people are going to produce 10% organic growth, and the people we've seen so far are about 1/3 of that. So I do think we're doing better, but it's tough to string that -- what do you string next to that, and say the first quarter's going to be 12% growth? We think that's unlikely. Maybe we saw some end-of-the-year budget flush in some of our customers. We clearly saw a strong response to our new products, so we're encouraged about that. But where we think we're being rational and logical, as we say, the first quarter is probably not as strong as the fourth quarter. Where is it on that continuum? And certainly versus the first quarter of last year, we think it's better. We'll put a couple of quarters behind us, and we'll have greater confidence in how we proceed. But at this point in the year, as we look out a full year, we think where we are is a proper mix between the encouragement that we saw in the fourth quarter and the possibility that we'll see a blip or 2 as we go through this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe just one from me, bit of a bigger-picture question for Doug. Doug, when you think about the mass spec field for this year, do you have a view on what technology or workflow area you think the industry might focus on? 2012 seemed to be a bit of a QTof year. Last year, it looks like there was a triple quad focus. Is there anything or anywhere that you think is sort of ripe for attention in 2014?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think outside of the single quad area or the QDa that we're very optimistic about, which is really a chromatographer's platform, I think it's going to be a continuation of the high-end research-grade instruments, Dan. I think the interest in proteomics and metabonomics, this whole area of translational interest in getting molecules, either diagnostic molecules or therapeutic molecules, we're seeing from the cancer centers and from other therapeutic centers a huge amount of interest. And so they're looking for the most powerful technologies they can get, and they're very interested in both the physics of the high end, as well as the software. So I'd say that's the area that I'd look to sustaining high interest.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Doug, just what worries you about the underlying business strength as you go from Q4 to Q1?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I guess I see more silver linings, Peter, than I see looming dark clouds. I think that -- I wish the large integrated pharmaceutical companies had some more strength to them. So in a macroeconomic sense, I don't see a lot of momentum coming out of big pharma, but I see a lot of continuing strength almost everywhere else in the life science arena. So I don't see, certainly, any short-term issues coming out of China, just the opposite. We see more interest coming out of China. So I'd say, India, it's still -- I think we're going to have to wait until later on in the year to see a real bounce in India. It's not likely we're going to see early-on return to growth in India. But we continue to see good conditions in the United States and I think improving conditions in Western Europe. So I think that, overall, is more silver lining than dark cloud.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. Just 2 quick ones. Can you tell us what about the TA deals you did and how much that's going to contribute to '14? And also, John, is this your last call?
John A. Ornell: I believe it is.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: John, you can take care of both of those.
John A. Ornell: Yes, it is, but I'm -- and I'm going to let Gene talk about 2014's impact from TA. But yes, it is. Thank you.
Eugene G. Cassis: Derik, I think as you look at TA business and the 2014 outlook, probably companies that we acquired before 2013 are going to have the biggest impact on the top line growth. So these are the assets that we acquired that involve high-temperature DSC, as well as biocalorimetry. The most recent couple of introductions are probably going to contribute less than a point of growth to the TA business this year, but potentially more significantly in 2015. So there is a little bit of a lag. If I think about the growth that TA had in 2013, we probably got a couple of points of growth over the full year from those high-temperature applications and biocalorimetry. But you had a very stable business in rheology and thermal analysis that had a nice growth foundation for that business.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That was a couple of points for TA, Derik, de minimis for the total company.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, correct. Yes. So first of all, I'm just going to say, John, it's been a pleasure working with you the last 13 years. I can't believe it's been that long, but good luck. And then I'll go back to something more mundane on this is -- and I guess, can you quantify -- just given sort of the pickup in pharma, I mean, how much do you think was budget flush related? And I guess it goes to the question of sustainability of the pharma business. You sort of alluded that. I'm just wondering if you could quantify how much flush there could be from pent-up demand, you thought there could be in the quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Derik, I don't -- typically, when we talk about budget flush, we're talking about big pharma. And we're talking about the fact that their capital plans are getting finalized later in the years, and they're cautious early on in the years, and then they find themselves with money to spend at the end. We didn't see that from big pharma. So -- and we don't think that much of what we saw in the fourth quarter was kind of big pharma funding through biotech joint ventures or things like that. So while you always think that you could be seeing an end-of-the-year dynamic, as we look at what actually happened in our fourth quarter, we can't say particularly in our big U.S. accounts that we've seen much of that. So we're cautiously optimistic that this is more sustainable than a onetime event that dramatically influenced the fourth quarter. All right. Well, thank you, all, for taking the time to be with us. We certainly think we ended the fourth quarter on a high note, and we'll look forward to updating you on our next conference call. Thank you.
John A. Ornell: Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John A. Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. [Audio Gap] Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, then John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the fourth quarter. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q4 2013. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions, and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, in Part 1 under the caption Business Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings call and webcast is currently planned for January 2014. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, our constant currency sales growth rate in the third quarter was 4%, which was a slight improvement over the second quarter's performance, but clearly, moderately below our expectations. Earnings per diluted share were up 1%, again an improvement from our earnings picture in the second quarter, but still significantly lower than what we have typically delivered. That was due primarily to currency headwinds and somewhat slower organic growth. In comparison to our business in the second quarter, we saw a slowing of demand from our global pharmaceutical end market, in combination with the strengthening in chemical analysis segment. The stronger demand for industrial chemical applications was most apparent in the very strong sales growth that our TA Instruments division achieved in the quarter. In total, instrument system sales were up 2%, and our recurring revenues were up 6%. Turning now to analysis of our third quarter sales. Constant currency sales growth for the Waters Division was 2%. In comparison to the third quarter of 2012, instrument sales were flat, and recurring revenues were up mid-single digits. Product growth in pharmaceutical sales significantly offset a strong quarterly performance from chemical analysis and nonprofit end markets. Geographically, and for the Waters Division, sales growth in the U.S. was 3%, which included a double-digit decline in government and academic spending. Pharma sales were up low-single digits, a slight improvement over our second quarter results, but not as strong as we had hoped for. Industrial chemical spending was healthy in the quarter and up high-single digits. This is a continuation of the strength that we saw earlier in the year and indicative of continued but shallow economic recovery. Sales growth in Europe for the Waters Division moderated in the quarter in comparison to the first half of 2013 and was up low-single digits. As we saw earlier in the year for Europe, government and academic spending was fairly robust and grew at a high-single-digit rate in the quarter, while our pharmaceutical end market business decelerated from the first-half pace and finished slightly down. Pharmaceutical weakness in Europe is significantly related to budgetary delays associated with restructuring activities at certain key accounts. Waters Division constant currency sales in Japan were up nicely in the quarter, as the pickup in government and academic spending that began to materialize late in the second quarter continued through the third. Governmental supplemental stimulus programs are having a positive impact on our Japanese business. Sectors in Japan, which are not associated with governmental funding activities, remain under pressure, including industrial, chemical and pharmaceutical end markets. Our quarterly sales growth in China was at mid-single-digit rates and lagged our orders growth rate there. Through the first 3 quarters of 2013, orders growth in China has been at a mid-teens rate. We think the underlying demand for research-focused systems, especially mass spectrometry-based, is strong and should be reflected in accelerating shipment volume, as we close out 2013. Sales in India were up modestly in the quarter, and demand in that country seems to have stabilized, as the large generic-drug user base appears to be returning to a more normal buying pattern despite significant local currency unfavorable dynamics. Our sales in the Asian markets, outside of Japan, China and India, were generally in line with our expectations and grew at a mid-single-digit rate, an improvement from what we saw in the second quarter, but still slower than the typical double-digit growth that we have historically enjoyed in periods of stronger global economic conditions. Our TA Instruments division had a very strong quarter, with double-digit sales growth, primarily based upon strong demand for core thermal and radiology products. Strong sales in the U.S. were indicative of a continuation of economic recovery and of TA's strong market position. During the quarter, TA continued to augment its technological capabilities and materials characterization with the acquisition of a small, privately held German innovator in elastomer analysis. Through the first 3 quarters of 2013, TA's constant currency growth rate is in the high-single digits, and the third quarter's strong momentum suggests that a similar growth rate may be achievable in the fourth quarter. Now I'd like talk about the product line dynamics that we saw for the Waters Division in the quarter. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew as expected in the third quarter, delivering mid-single-digit sales growth before currency effects. Column sales to pharmaceutical accounts was strong in the quarter with ACUITY columns, including our new line of CORTECS columns, growing at a double-digit rate within most regions. Looking at our Waters Division mass spec instrument system sales, we continued to see strong demand in the quarter for high-performance QTof technology systems, including Xevo and SYNAPT platform instruments. New SYNAPT G2-Si features, which we introduced at ASMS earlier this year, have been well received for large biomolecule applications, including proteomics and lipidomic workflows. Our tandem quadrupole system sales for clinical and applied market applications grew nicely in the quarter, while demand for high-end tandems, used in more classical, small-molecule drug development, slowed in the quarter, due to generally weaker Pharma spending and to delays associated with the valuation of new competitive products. Through 3 quarters of this year, our MS-based system business is tracking at a high-single-digit growth rate, and our prospects look encouraging as we close out the year. On the chromatography instrumentation front, instrument system sales growth improved from what we saw in the second quarter, but remained below our expectations. Capital spending delays, primarily from larger pharmaceutical customers, continued to adversely impact new system growth and classical small-molecule research applications. Looking toward the future, and I'll shortly be talking to you about a very recent product launch that we feel will begin to stimulate chromatography system demand in the fourth quarter and serve as a meaningful growth platform in 2014. In summarizing our third quarter results, overall instrument systems demand improved slightly from what we saw in the second quarter. However, a combination of factors, including weak public sector demand in the U.S., restructuring activities at some of our large accounts and shipment delays that we saw in China, all contributed to a less-than-hopeful quarterly performance. Through the first 3 quarters of 2013, we feel that our recurring revenues, our mass spectrometry growth and TA instrument performance were mostly in line with our expectations. And it has been our chromatography instrument systems, primarily for pharma research applications, which have been weaker-than-expected. On the topic of pharma research, earlier this month, we introduced a quadrupole-based detection technology that is specifically tailored to provide more qualitative information to chromatographers seeking higher levels of confidence in compound identification. This new detector is called the Waters QDa. And it's no coincidence that the name sounds pretty similar to PDA, or our Photodiode Array, the detection technology that is dominant today among chromatographers, especially those in drug research, requiring more qualitative information as part of a chromatography experiment. The key features of this new product include a small footprint, ease-of-use and a price that truly supports its positioning as an LC detector. Scientists using Waters LC, or UPLC instrumentation, can easily upgrade their existing systems by adding a QDa detector. In addition, customers in the market for a versatile and high-performance new complete ACUITY system can now purchase a superior instrument, which includes both PDA and QDa detection. The promise of LC/MS for a number of years has been on the notion that all chromatographers would one day be able to simply incorporate mass measurement into their existing workflows. However, even with all the improvements and sensitivity, versatility and reliability that were witnessed over the past 2 decades, the perception persists among chromatographers that mass spectrometry is too complex, big and expensive to be considered a practical LC detector module. We believe that the QDa goes a long way in changing that perception and will define a new high-end segment for ACQUITY UPLC. So at this point, we've already booked orders for the QDa and have begun customer shipments. I look forward to updating you with more information on this exciting product launch on the January call. But before turning it over to John, I'd like to say a few words about our nonoperational plans. On the M&A front, we will continue to seek smaller complimentary technology opportunities that fit our profitability and growth characteristics. As I mentioned earlier, our TA Instruments division completed a small acquisition. In addition, we also purchased a technology leader in software development for interpretation of ion mobility MS separations in the third quarter. Both acquisitions augment our technology portfolio and will accelerate new system introductions in coming years. Our strategy on the M&A front remains focused on seeking assets that enhance our technology and market-leading positions within the broadly-defined liquid chromatography, mass spectrometry and thermal analysis markets. As you've heard me say before, we remain focused on strong free cash flow generation. In the third quarter, we grew free cash flow at a rate higher than sales and operating income, and are on track to generate more than $400 million for the full year. The key deployment of our cash flow has been toward our share repurchase program, and this will likely continue into the future. In closing, I will reiterate that 2013 has been a challenging year for us. We believe that the slower growth in our business that we've seen in recent quarters can be largely attributed to factors that are external to the company and not related to the core business strategy that has driven our growth for nearly 2 decades. However, we also recognize the need to adapt to changes in market conditions by continuously refreshing our product offerings, by targeting market segments that offer superior growth characteristics and by judiciously managing our expenses to create business leverage. All of these key factors will be considered as we develop our operating plan for 2014. Now here's John for a review of our financials and an update on our outlook.
John A. Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. Third quarter sales grew by 4% before currency translation. Currency translation reduced sales growth by 2%, resulting in 2% overall sales growth. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were up 1% to $1.19 this quarter, compared to earnings of $1.18 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.14 this quarter versus $1.12 last year, and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. As I just mentioned, before foreign currency translation, sales were up 4%. And looking at the sales growth geographically, and, again, before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were up 6%; Europe was down 1%; Japan was up 5%; and sales in Asia, outside of Japan, were up 6%. On the product front and in constant currency within the Waters Division, instrument system sales decreased by 1%, and recurring revenues grew by 5% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, total sales increased by 15% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q3 non-GAAP financial performance versus prior year. Like last quarter, gross margins continued to be negatively impacted by foreign currency translation, capitalized software amortization and a product shift in this quarter towards more QTof instruments versus tandem quadrupole systems. Operating expenses were up 3% this quarter. On the tax front, a modest shift in production levels and profits favored our tax-advantaged geographies. We brought our effective operating rate for the year to about 14%. Within the quarter, the effect of applying this rate to our year-to-date income added $0.03 to earnings. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6.4 million, and share count came in at 86.4 million shares, 2.1 million shares lower than Q3 last year, as a result of our continued share repurchase programs. On the balance sheet, cash and investments totaled $1,699,000,000, and debt totaled $1,294,000,000, bringing us to a net-cash position of about $405 million. As for Q3 share repurchases, we bought 541,000 shares of our common stock for $55 million. This leaves 423 million remaining on our authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus any noncash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting, and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. For Q3, free cash flow came in at $88 million after funding $17 million of CapEx. Excluded from this CapEx amount is $14 million of spend associated with our new Manchester, U.K. mass spectrometry facility, which is expected to be ready for occupancy in 2014. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 74 days this quarter, up 1 day from Q3 last year. And in the quarter, and as is typical at this time in the year, inventories increased by $14 million. Now thinking about the remainder of 2013, we expect conditions will remain constrained for our LC systems business within the pharmaceutical accounts in the fourth quarter. We believe our recurring revenues will provide a foundation of stable mid- to high-single-digit growth in the fourth quarter, resulting in an overall growth rate of around 4%. Foreign currency translation at today's rates is expected to continue to depress sales by about 2% in the fourth quarter. Moving down to P&L. Gross margins in the fourth quarter are expected to be about 59.5%. Operating expenses are expected to be up between 2% and 3%. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $6.5 million, and we expect our operating tax rate to be about 14%. Our average diluted share count is likely to be just under 86 million shares in the quarter. And rolling all of this together, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $1.58 to $1.63. For the full-year then, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $4.92 to $4.97. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Operator, at this point, I think we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Muken from ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, if you sort of tried to tease out the pharma weakness in terms of some of the different buckets -- whether it's generic, zeros, emerging pharma, traditional pharma, where were you sort of most surprised about the trend that you're seeing? Is it a product-cycle issue? Is it a budgeting issue? Is it a timing issue? We're just trying to get a sense for where you feel like that incremental delta versus your expected sort of come from?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Ross, I'd say the disappointments that we see in generics has been there for a while, largely driven off India and the struggle with the Indian generic accounts. Outside of India and maybe the issues with the large Israel generic manufacturer, which has also been slow, the rest of the generic world has been okay. In the ethical pharmaceutical world, I would say the large dynamic -- most significant dynamic that we're seeing is -- can probably be characterized as restructuring. And the layoffs that are going on, many of which are focused in R&D, that's certainly where we're seeing kind of the most delays and issues in programs that we had identified through our marketing and sales efforts earlier in the year. They're not lost; they keep just being pushed back. We don't see big programs there going to competitors, so we don't think it's a market share issue. We think it's just one of continued delays, as they struggle with kind of dealing with their own economic issues. I'd say that's the main things we see going on in pharma.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe on China, it's interesting commentary. I mean, you're sort of suggesting order rates there continue to be strong, but you're not seeing the pull-through. Is that a distributor issue? Is it a channel issue? Is it a timing issue? Again, I'm just trying to get a sense for -- back in 2, we saw this with another one of your players -- another one of your peers earlier in the year, and obviously, there's been a lot of noise in that channel overall. I'm just trying to get a sense for, particularly on the pharma side, what sort of you the think culprit is in terms of the slow conversion.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. I think the China issue, we really do believe it's more of a short-term issue than a long-term issue. We've seen symptoms like this on the fringe before. But this quarter, it was a more significant issue really with delays in importation and tax paperwork. These orders can come through in significant amounts, but -- and so they indicate the real demand, and the customer is settled on you and has tendered the order. But in most cases, you can't ship it until there's a valid tax certificate, so that the government lab doesn't have to pay a tax or an import tax on that. For the first time, we saw a number of those kind of issues push out from the third quarter. And to the best we can determine, it was somewhat serendipitous. It wasn't indicative of a government edict coming down. And in fact, we've seen some of those ship early in the fourth quarter. So we don't believe -- we're watching it very closely. We still have reasonably high expectations for the China business. We don't think there's anything fundamental on the demand side of the equation, but it was a pretty significant surprise to us that those multimillion dollars of shipments that we thought we were going to come got pushed from the third quarter into the fourth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard from Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: The weakness you're seeing in pharma, how much of it, do you think, represents the secular shifts where Pharma is spending money, perhaps the shift from small molecule research to large molecule? How much is that, perhaps, accelerating versus to something temporary restructuring?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That's clearly happening, Dan. They're changing many of their programs from small to large. So we do think we're in somewhat of a shift -- a technological shift. Long-term, that should help us, because those large molecules are more intensely invested in our type of technologies, particularly high-end mass spectrometry. But it's still at the early phase. There's still -- I believe longing out the replacement cycle and a lot of this small-molecule areas, we clearly see somewhat of an aging of workforce systems in the mainstream QC areas. And so whether they're ramping up significantly in the bio area, we've seen a lot of programs, a lot of interest in early-stage programs. But I can't say that we've seen the release of orders that offsets the dynamics that we're seeing in small molecules.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up. Have you seen any opportunities pop up as a result of the healthy capital rates environment in biotech? And if not, why not?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think we've seen some of that, and that's helped to offset some weak conditions in big pharma. But I think a lot of that in those small bio, it's still early phase, and they are still not fully investing at the pace of a big pharmaceutical company. We're seeing good results from that segment of the market in our high-end mass spectrometry, SYNAPT and QTof, and we had a good quarter in the high end in that segment of the marketplace. But you don't see quite the same large volume of QC systems that flow into that segment of the pharma market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Brennan from Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Maybe just one quick one on kind of acquisitions and backlog in the quarter. I think you ended the quarter with double the rate of backlog you typically have. Can you just give us an update on the backlog contribute this quarter? And were there any acquisition impact in the quarter on the top line?
John A. Ornell: Yes. There wasn't anything meaningful on the acquisition impact that rounded this one way or the other. And from a backlog perspective, we were able to take down some of the backlog that we had planned in the Waters side of the business. On the TA side, though, we ended up not quite getting as far as we thought we would. But as you saw in the strength that we had in that business, we ended up with a very good result anyway, and we think there's probably a little more opportunity in the TA side in Q4. Perhaps not so much with the Waters Division as a result of pulling some of that down in Q3. But overall, it wasn't quite as meaningful as we had originally thought as a result of some technical issues that were resolved very late on the TA side. I'd say the only dynamic there, Dan, might be as it relates to China. And we were a bit surprised at some of the lags there and getting those certificates that Doug mentioned. And we're hopeful in the fourth quarter that, that growth can accelerate, and we don't see it -- we might not get back everything that we've put in the backlog in the quarter, but I don't think we're going to add to it in the fourth.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, John, and then maybe just one on LC. So, Doug, can you just comment on kind of the penetration of UPLC today? I think you mentioned in the last questions, the answer to the last question regarding some delays at pharma right now from maybe -- upgrading from older equipment. But can you just give us an update on kind of where you are with the penetration of UPLC? Is that one of the key issues that's been a drag in your LC growth, such that you're just not seeing the uptake of UPLC penetration right now as pharma struggles with some tighter budgets?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Dan, I think it's a very -- it's a hypo question. The ACUITY penetration in early-stage R&D and even middle-stage R&D in pharma continues to be very strong. We see no -- very clear that our belief is that UPLC takes over that market long-term as it continues to be strongly indicative by the facts. The stick-up of UPLC in downstream applications continues to be disappointing, I'd say. I think that's also a function of this reluctance to move processes and kinds of change in restructuring in that industry. Things tend to -- the decision-making tends to slow down. And it's very clear that we've had trouble penetrating into the downstream applications with ACQUITY. So I think that's been a factor in this. I think that -- it's been as much, though, a factor of the whole issue of how pharma have used their investments in the various segments of the market, particularly in a period when most of the major pharmas are going through some period of restructuring. So I think what's -- we clearly continued to see very strong results coming out of our consumables business. No sign that that's slackening off. So overall, we're still very happy with the UPLC, but we're still struggling. We're trying to get the downstream penetration.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight with Janney Capital Market.
Paul Richard Knight - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: When do you think that the diagnostics market and the funding occurring there and the technology breakthroughs in that area will start to increase the growth rate of your business?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, clearly, the clinical applications, if you look over a 5-year period, have been amongst the strongest growth applications for us. Unfortunately, it's still a relatively small piece of our overall revenue base, something a little less than 10% of our revenue base. I think the encouraging thing is that there are many applications that are being worked on in the field, as well as with us, that offer a great deal of optimism long term. But it's -- they're not ready to break as we speak. We clearly see much penetration in neonatal screening, in any rejection -- a rejection in immunosuppressant drugs. We continue to see a lot of interest and activity in pain monitoring and in drugs of abuse testing. Probably even more so -- probably see in drug testing more opportunity to move GC applications into broader-base LC/MS applications. So, I mean, the level of activity grows significantly quarter-by-quarter, but I can't point to you one specific application that I think is going to dramatically multiply the business in the short term. There's some promising things, but, I think, right now, we'd be happy with saying, we continue to see good double-digit-type of annual growth opportunities. But it'll still take a while for that to make a dent into our traditional analytical laboratory business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen and Company.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So my first question is, over the years, you've developed a well-earned reputation of strong operators. That said, operating income has declined now, I believe, in 5 of the 7 last quarters, as organic revenue lags peers. And it does seem like you may be starting to find ways to cut operating spend below levels you've already cut. Your R&D spend, as a percentage of sales, is below the typical levels of your peer group. Is there any reason we shouldn't be concerned that a focus on cutting operating spend has maybe started to catch up with you in the form of share loss and potentially inability to maintain price?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the -- that the market facts, Doug, don't take the LC marketplace. I don't -- we track in certainly annual context, which, I think, is probably the only relevant one because quarterly dynamics swing around quite a bit. There's no indication of loss market share. I would say, there's more evidence of gradual accretion in market share in our LC business. So it certainly is a notion that all of us who service the pharmaceutical industry and have suffered through swings in the industrial market have faced the same dynamics, and I don't think we're doing worse. I think the evidence suggests we're doing better. It's doing better in a tough market, I agree. And certainly, in the thermal analysis marketplace, I think the evidence is strong that we continue to gain share. So that brings us to the mass spectrometry piece of the market, and I think that clearly is a tougher call, and that's subject to quarterly swings that can move one way, one quarter, and another way, another quarter. We're clearly -- with our QDa, I think that we're moving things on the analytical benchtop level of the marketplace. We think we have a good strong offering on the high-end. The area that's challenged right now is that pharmacokinetics drug metabolism segment of the pharma market that competitors have launched some new products, I think that's introduced some level of reevaluation in that customer segment. Now to be fair, we haven't been the strongest players in that segment of the market. Our triple quads have been more targeted at the applied marketplace and the food and beverage segment of the market where we continue to do well. So I think, on balance, I think that's a pretty good picture. I think that the marketplace has suffered, and we continued to look to try to manage our resources and our expenses as prudently as we can. Absolutely, when your growth rates are in the low single-digits, that's tougher to do than when they're approaching double digits. But we feel that we have an obligation to manage the business as well as we can. We don't think that we're cutting into the muscle and sinew of our R&D operations. We've always had a very productive R&D organization. And if you go back 20 years, you'll see that we've spent less as a percentage of sales on R&D than almost everybody in our industry, and we're not spending markedly less as a percentage of sales today than we were then. So we think we're rightsized, but we continue to look at all of our projects, and we will not be constrained to spend on a major project that we think pays off long term.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Well that's really helpful, and it's a good segue to my second question. Over the years, you guys have always talked about Waters being a mid single-digit to high single-digit revenue growth company. And we're going -- you're going through a second tough year of -- coming up a little bit light of that. With that said, as we look ahead to 2014, the comparisons will be, again, favorable. You'll have a new product that could accelerate demand in LC. So recognizing some positive dynamics, but also the recent trends, how should we be thinking about 2014, at least at this point? Is it fair to think of it as a mid single-digit growth top line year with same type of 1 or 2 points of operating leverage at the operating line and with typical buybacks below the line that give you a few more points? I mean, is that reasonable, given recent...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That's certainly our thinking at this point in the process, Doug. I think you summarized it pretty well. We do firmly believe that this pent-up replacement demand in our biggest customer segments. Now I thought we'd begin to see some of that work its way through. We think 2014 sets up well with that. We have a great new product that I've talked about here, that's not the only set of new products that we'll be talking about as we move into 2014. And you're right, you hate to say a low base prepares you well for the future but that is the fact. I think cautious optimism about next year is a fair picture.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Butler of Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Doug, on QDa, does that actually substitute potentially for a higher cost instrument? In other words, on an instrument to instrument basis, are you actually achieving less profit? And then the second question, maybe more for John, who I think answered this but I didn't hear. In Q2, there was a roughly $20 million backlog. Did that all get converted in this quarter? Is there still some left or will it not convert?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Do you want to answer part 2?
John A. Ornell: Yes. On the backlog side, Tony, we did convert the piece that we thought we would in the Water side of the business. We didn't on the TA side as a result of a late fix to some of the acquired technologies that were in the works. There was a piece remaining that will come out in the fourth quarter per plan. So in sum total, there wasn't a big difference in expectation versus where we landed, though on the TA side, like I said, there'll be a little bit more coming in Q4 than we originally thought.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: And in terms of the benchtop quadrupole market, Tony, there -- we and others have sold a single quadrupole mass spectrometer for a number of years. If you go back and look at when we acquired Micromass in 1997, and there are still a few of us left here who were part of that deal. Certainly, Art and I would've said that a major part of the strategic benefit to that would be driving mass spectrometry into the benchtop chromatographer marketplace. And early on, we had some success in that, possibly because of its novelty. But that quickly wore off and really carved out a niche in the purification segment of the marketplace, but never really established a position in the workhorse day-to-day chromatography marketplace. So if you look at our single quadrupole sales over the last several years, they've been de minimis. They have been not a significant part of our market, and they're sold into a specialty segment of the analytical marketplace. So as we launch this QDa, and it's launched at a price point lower than the traditional single quadrupoles, so it is attractive to that analytical marketplace. We expect to get a little cannibalization, if you will, of the existing single quad, but not a lot. It largely is aimed at a new marketplace. We might see a little bit of cannibalization of the high-end traditional optical detector marketplace. But we think, for the most part, this is an incremental revenue source, with margins that are right in line with our traditional margins. So -- and with a price point that's higher than the high-end optical system sale but lower than any comparable benchtop mass spectrometer sale. Does that cover all the bases, Tony? Operator, are you still there?
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to touch on the pharma dynamic you mentioned specifically with regards to QA/QC portion of the business. Can you put some color there regarding how much of the slowdown there was a function of capital equipment spending and budget delays versus just overall volumes on the consumables front? And the reason I ask is just as we look towards next year, I would assume there should be some positive correlation on QA/QC work as it relates to tell volumes, assuming health care reform actually takes hold. So I'm just wondering kind of what happened this quarter, and what your expectations are going to look like over the next 12 to 18 months as volumes potentially pick up?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, Isaac. Actually, the QA/QC segment of the business was okay. It was much more of the research side of the marketplace that was slow, and that was certainly true in the consumables side of the business, where samples, overall, may be a little bit less in India because of the issues facing the generics. But overall, the chemistry business can continue to crank along. So I would say, while we're seeing -- we're not seeing the kind of pickup in QA/QC moving UPLC in there, the more traditional hardware is doing fine.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then can you maybe comment on the forward view for the next -- whether it's the next 12 months or 24. But just schematically, what kind of a view you have regarding the potential benefit to QA/QC volumes as healthcare reform goes in the system at least in the U.S.?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think a segment of the QA/QC market that is likely to pick up is India, where most of that business is QA/QC. It's not research-oriented. And we know that there's pent-up replacement demand in India. So they still have to work their way through the rupee. They still have to make their way through some regulatory issues, but we're finally beginning to see some of the near-term interest pick up in India that says, "You've got to get back to investing for that marketplace." I think in the U.S., I don't think that the dynamics are as noticeable as we look at it today. I'd say what we're expecting is kind of more of the same as we move through the next 2 or 3 quarters.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And if I can sneak in just one more. Any update on the CEO transition process there?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: An update on the CEO transition process, I think you've read the announcement -- the Board has very active committee that's meeting very regularly, but we're at the front-end of the process with senior management kind of committed to seeing this process through to a very favorable conclusion. I suspect that we won't have a whole lot to talk about maybe for the next 6 months anyway, Isaac, so absent any unusual events, that's what I'd lead you to think about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Doug, just on the pent-up demand in the pharma replacement. How long can accounts delay purchase? And then -- or is that just a structural change that just doesn't return?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think it's not a finite answer, Peter. I've seen big pharma over my lifetime here at Waters go from a very formal 8, 9, 10-year replacement -- stated replacement cycle on HPLCs to 6-year replacement cycles that was either driven by a perception that technology changed or service costs crossed the productivity timeline. It took you too much to keep an existing system operating versus replacing it. I think what we're seeing now is kind of situational as various companies struggle with kind of what they want to be when they grow up, and you see some companies announcing thousands of people being laid off. In times like that, I think decision-making changes and common processes begin to be talked one way or another. I'd say we clearly have aging systems in the pharma marketplace that are aged greater than they were 3 or 4 years ago. And I just think physics demands that those things build up to a point and then have to be replaced, because the technology other than moving towards UPLC, you're not going to change the process of chromatography as your continued workhorse technology here. So I'm betting, and certainly our plans call for that to kick in. And it's a matter of how much and when, but we're pretty certain that it's a dynamic that's going to kick in.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Do you think biotech is just naturally less capital intensive versus pharma? Essentially, are they more efficient, so as pharma consolidates biotech, does that lead to a step-down in investment?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I don't think so. I think, to some extent, at different phases of their development, biotech invests in different technologies. That's clearly true on the process side where fermentation technologies prevail versus typical small molecule synthesis technologies. I think the downstream applications as -- particularly when you move into things like biosimilars, really works in the favor of our type of instrumentation, where you have to do much greater characterization of molecules as they come off QC to prove that you've got the right molecule synthesized. So I don't think long term that we see the investment being significantly lower. We do clearly see it as being more mass spec-centric in the biotech world. But then again, all mass specs require a very strong HPLC or UPLC on the front end. So I think it's a very beneficial segment of the marketplace, but probably takes a little bit longer to develop from the beginning stages through the full production stages.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla from Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: John, you mentioned in the -- in your comments about potential trialing of competitor products in the high-end tandem quad market. I mean, I was wondering if maybe you and Doug could elaborate on that, why you don't think that, that's competitive share loss and just competitive trialing?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think that was me who commented on it. We clearly have seen competitive introductions of new tandem quadrupole instruments in the past several months. And we've seen competitors report that they had a pretty good quarter in that segment of the market that they traditionally have the highest market share. So we're not -- I don't think we're terribly surprised by that. As it relates to market shares, though, that's been a marketplace that we haven't penetrated to a large extent. That's kind of been the province of one of our competitors. So when they're coming off several years of slower growth and they introduce a new instrument, I'm not terribly surprised that they do a pretty good quarter of penetrating in the first quarters of their introduction. I think over the next several quarters, you'll see that modulate, very unusual to see fundamental market shares change on the basis of 1 quarter's dynamic. You got to look at market shares over a longer term period, and when the face of a brand new introduction, like somebody has a strong presence in that segment of the market, that's not surprising. Come back and talk to me in 1.5 years and see if it continues to grow at a double-digit rate in those applications, and I think you'll be on firmer ground saying that fundamental market shares have changed. But I don't think that's likely to happen.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. I'll definitely try to track you down in 1.5 years if you're still around there.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: As I've disclosed, I think I'll still be here.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Second question is for John, and it's around the gross margin. Last quarter, the gross margin was weak and you talked about a shift from LC to MS, and now you're talking about a shift within the MS in the gross margin, missed our estimate there again. Can you get into a little more detail, maybe peel apart the margin to help us with the underlying dynamics?
John A. Ornell: Sure. Within the quarter, FX is still the biggest play on the margin front. The impact of the yen that we've been talking about, that's throughout the year that remains in place. Euro got a little stronger in the quarter, but still at the end of the day when you add up the currency FX versus prior year in the quarter, there's still about 70 bps of margin deterioration versus prior year, which wasn't much different than what we had anticipated. The software amortization costs that are in this quarter on a relatively low sales base as we ramped that product introduction up, cost somewhere around 30 bps in the quarter overall. And then we had a shift of product shipments in Q3 towards Tof, away from triples. There's a meaningful margin differential between the 2, and that added about another 30 bps, which was beyond what we had anticipated at the start of the quarter, so that explains the -- about 130-ish bps in margin deterioration. And again, that's probably the only difference versus guide our expectation would've been that Tof versus triples piece.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And that product shipment dynamic into the fourth quarter, is that not being taken into account like that -- how is the fourth...
John A. Ornell: No. That is being taken into account. So as I look at the fourth quarter now, I'm assuming that we're going to have stronger Tof business and a somewhat weaker triples business. As Doug had said during the quarter of introduction of new products like we saw in Q3, with a couple of introductions on that front, there's no doubt that people are doing demos, people who are, perhaps, still likely to buy our tandem quadrupole or at least got to look to see what else is out there. So I am accounting for the fact that even in the fourth quarter, we'll continue to see some of that dynamic and we're likely to see better growth in Tofs and triples.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias of UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just wanted to ask one of the follow-up on the molecule mix question from earlier. Doug, when you look back at the expectations for sort of the mix of large molecules and the drug classes that you thought would drive the business, is that generally in line with what you're seeing now? Or has the protein drug world sort of evolved in a way that's been different from what you envisioned earlier in the quarter?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say in its broadest terms, Dan, it's moving in the direction that we anticipated. All big pharma accounts have talked about moving their development towards large molecules and away from small molecules and have been for many years now. So we're clearly -- have had fair warning about the direction of their development. Certainly, the small pharma startups have been almost all into the field of biotech. I would say the movement of those into therapies has been maybe slower than they and we believed -- and I think the movement into actual production has somewhat slowed the uptake of downstream technologies. So these things have stayed in development longer than people believed. And the movement to biosimilars, which, I think, also is something that's fundamentally attractive to us, has been a little slower than -- a lot slower in the U.S. but slower overall than the industry anticipated. I'd say around the corners and the fringes of the strategy, we've seeing some changes. But in general, this movement, the large molecules, I think, is pretty clearly as described.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just maybe on the strategy side, specifically within the clinical market, how important is partnering there for you guys when you think about how you can be most effective?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think it depends. In terms of the way we approach the clinical market on kind of an application-by-application basis, we've been pretty successful in developing the applications and things like Vitamin D and things like pain monitoring, where we have largely done those kinds of things on our own. Now we partner in the neonatal business, largely because of the proprietary chemistry capabilities that we didn't have, and we saw it as appropriate to access that marketplace. We're -- there are some interesting things that could emerge on the clinical market that I'm kind of not ready to talk specifically about that might well offer big mainstream applications that if we develop it to a point, we might well think of a broader partnering with somebody who's more intense in the clinical or medical device marketplace. I think that's the topic, probably, for some time next year. But in the applications that we think will build into our 2014 kind of budget, those are things that we think we can largely develop on our own.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson of JPMC.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to go back to actually one of the earlier questions Doug Schenkel kind of asked about, the competitive dynamics. And Doug, you made a comment that you're taking share, but I think as Doug Schenkel highlighted, you're growing below some of the peers. So can you maybe just talk specifically about where you are taking share in? Also maybe overlay that with some comments on your pricing strategy. In other words, in a world with more budget constraints, do you have to get a little bit more aggressive on price going forward?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. Sure, Tycho. I think -- although I think I laid it out pretty explicitly. I think the growing more slowly than some of our peers, you have to see chapter and verse. I'm aware of one mass spec vendor who after 3 years of below average growth has talked about 1 quarter of good mass spec growth. So if you consider that a massive share change, then, I guess I've got to give you that. In the LC area, we track -- we have information from the industry. We have industry from almost everybody in the world, who imports LCs, and we have very clear indication that not only are we not losing share in the LC marketplace. Again, over a multi-year period, we're in a difficult market, grant you. We're probably gaining share. So -- and I think TA Instruments, although a smaller part of our business, has very clear indications of the same. Now having a good share position in a very tough marketplace can be -- it's not the strongest place we want to be, but I think those are the facts. A lot of -- almost everybody else in our world is doing significant acquisitions that sometimes muddy the field of what organic growth is and versus acquired growth. So obviously, I can't necessarily see my way through all of those dynamics but I try to look at the core data that I can get through other sources. And I'm frankly just not convinced that any of these share moves are fundamental. So if you've got better data than that, I'd be delighted to look at it, but I have trouble getting my hands on it, Tycho.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just how about thoughts on the pricing strategy then? Do you need to be a little bit more flexible on price in a budget-constrained environment?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The question about -- I guess, should we lower price is the question. I think that's a terrible idea. I think between Art and I, over 30 years in this industry with regularity, both internally and externally. People have suggested that we should cut our prices to gain market share. We've successfully fought off that strategic initiative for 30 years, and I think the long-term evolution of this marketplace is, I think, the same as it was 10, 15 years ago. The customers want performance, they want productivity, they want service, they want reliability and they continue to tell us that price is very low on their list, assuming that they can get everything else. I think we'll stick with the strategy that we've employed. I don't see anything out there that suggests this time is different.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then for John, just 2 very quick ones. As we think about '14, I know you kind of gave some preliminary color on the top line. Any thoughts on the cost side, I mean, given your experience in '13, should we think about a consistent approach to cost management? Or will you bake in a little extra cushion? And then longer term, one of the uncertainties is tax rate, how do you think about your tax rate in Singapore over time? Any preliminary discussions on where that could go?
John A. Ornell: Yes, I think from an operating leverage perspective, Tycho, we would be continuing to look to provide some level of operating leverage, even if we continue to live in a mid single-digit type world. Yes, it's tough to do that, but as Doug said, it's our obligation to find ways to do that, so we'll be able to create operating leverage at that top line rate. We will be able to continue with the share repurchase programs being the fundamental use of cash. And then on the tax rate side, I mean, outside of the R&D tax credit that kind of doubled up this year, I don't see any reason that our tax rate is going to go up or down for mixed reasons as I think about '14. As we think about beyond '15, we do have to consider that we do have a treaty with Singapore that expires, that we will be looking to see how we manage that. That will be an activity that will take place probably mid next year to get ready for that in early '16. So it's a little early to say what -- how much success we'll have on that front. But to the extent that we don't, there's probably a point or 2 of overall impact that could be negative as we think about the rate all the way up to '16. But certainly for '14, I would say, on the side of it, of not doubling up on the U.S. tax credit piece, there shouldn't be a meaningful change in the tax side.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Operator, we've hung on here for a while, past our normal closing date to kind of be sensitive to people's morning schedules. Maybe we could take one more question and then call it a morning.
Operator: Brandon Couillard from Jefferies, your line is open.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Doug or John, if you could just elaborate on the dynamics you saw within the industrial end market between, both the applied categories and the more cyclical chemical industrial accounts? How is it pacing to the third quarter especially within that segment?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I would say that we saw stronger performance in the applied segment of the marketplace. We're seeing a great deal of interest in some of our new technologies, including our new ROI system from the main line chemical industrial players. But it's early on as they think about switching segments of their marketplace. John, in TA...
John A. Ornell: TA had a good quarter actually right across the 3 months, and they had a somewhat strong product line. They had, across the quarter, as we said, a backlog that helped a little bit, not to the extent that we thought, but I would say, right across their end markets. They saw reasonably good demand. They didn't have as much of a government impact in the U.S. as we might have thought. So I would say that as we look at TA's business right across their various segments, there isn't one that stood out as being meaningfully weak. It was across the board.
S. Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: John, on the buyback front, looks like a little bit slower activity here over the past few quarters than is traditional. Would you still expect to do 100% of free cash flow in the share repurchase this year?
John A. Ornell: There's no doubt that we did have a situation with the window being closed a bit longer in the third quarter, so the buying opportunity was a bit limited. So we will pick that pace up in the fourth quarter to get that closer to the targeted level of about $300 million or so in repurchases. So I'd say there's -- nothing's changed in our strategy, with the announcement that went out late August, we kept the window closed just to be safe.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay. Operator, I think we'll close it off at that point. I want to thank everybody for their attendance and we'll look forward to talking to you again in January. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John A. Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is, as usual, John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, and John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the third quarter and full year. Before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q3 and full year 2013. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, in Part 1 under the caption Business Risk Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled earnings release, conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 2013. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share, included in this morning's press release.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, our sales growth rate in the second quarter slowed from what we delivered earlier in the year and was below the outlook that we shared with you on the April call. If you look at the quarter, our constant-currency sales grew about 2% and our adjusted earnings per share were down 8% from the prior year's second quarter results. Needless to say, these results are well below our prior expectations. I want to start off by discussing our instrument system results and specifically the weaker-than-anticipated finish that we saw for this segment of our business. Looking back at the first quarter, our instrumentation business grew organically at about 8%, and the similarly healthy growth trend was maintained through most of the second quarter. However, in the closing 2 weeks of the quarter, orders booking rates surprisingly and atypically slowed, as customers, primarily in the U.S., delayed issuing orders to us for capital goods. In addition, overseas orders received late in June could not be converted into revenue prior to the end of the quarter. As we had in the first quarter, we again increased our backlog in this quarter, but even more significantly. In fact, through the first 6 months of this year we have built about $20 million in backlog, and that's about double the volume we had anticipated. Following the close of the second quarter, we performed a thorough analysis of orders and backlog and confirmed our ability to convert these orders to sales in the second half of 2013. In the full year sales growth outlook that we will supply to you later in this call, please note that we will remain cautious on instrument order growth rates in the second half in response to less predictable purchasing patterns in the first half of 2013, but we will include sales revenue associated with the planned reduction in backlog levels. Turning now to an analysis of our second quarter sales. Constant-currency sales growth for the Waters Division was 3%, as flat growth in the combined government and academic end market offset mid-single digit pharmaceutical sales growth. Our chemical analysis sales growth rate was in the low-single digits. Comparing these results to assumptions embedded in our guidance, slower-than-expected growth in pharmaceutical instrument system demand substantially contributed to our revenue shortfall. Geographically and for the Waters Division, sales growth in the U.S. was most affected by this late quarter slowdown and consequently finished the quarter marginally down. U.S. pharmaceutical sales in the quarter were flat, with robust recurring revenue growth offset by a decline in instrument system sales. U.S. government and academic sales growth was under pressure, while sales for chemical analysis applications were up at a high-single digit rate. In general, our developing markets in Latin America continued to perform well in the second quarter in comparison to mixed results that we saw throughout 2012. Sales growth in Europe was relatively strong and slightly ahead of our expectations. Most notably, government and academic spending for mass spectrometry-based instruments was up at a double-digit rate, while pharma and industrial revenue growth was largely in line with our expectations and up at a mid-single digit rate. Waters Division constant-currency sales in Japan were down slightly in the quarter, with a strong uptick in academic spending largely offsetting declines in pharmaceutical and chemical end markets. The strength in academic and government business that we began to see late in the quarter is related to supplemental governmental stimulus programs, and we are encouraged by the prospect that these programs will continue and contribute to growth in our Japanese business in the second half of 2013. Asian sales outside of Japan benefited from a strong performance by our Chinese business, where we enjoyed double-digit sales growth, with strong performance by all customer key segments, including pharmaceutical firms. Indian sales were flat in the quarter as fluctuations in local currency valuation adversely impacted demand from generic drug makers. Our sales in Asian markets outside of Japan, China and India were generally weaker in the quarter than we had planned as demand from these countries is generally more erratic and associated with the shallow global recovery. For our TA Instruments division, constant-currency sales were down by about 3% in the second quarter and were heavily impacted by a backlog build in the quarter. Instrument demand for high temperature and industrial chemical applications were strong, while biocalorimetry platforms were adversely impacted by reduced governmental and academic spending levels. The backlog generated in the second quarter principally involved orders for high-temperature instrumentation and thermal systems for customers in developing Asian markets. Our second half sales growth outlook for TA is more in line with the ordering trends that we saw in the first half of 2013, and specifically, we are targeting low- to mid-single digit constant-currency revenue growth for the division. Now I'll discuss some product line dynamics that we saw for the Waters Division in the quarter. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew nicely in the second quarter, delivering 8% sales growth before currency effects. This growth rate was consistent across the quarter and suggests healthy instrument utilization rates. ACQUITY columns continue to account for an increasing proportion of our overall column business, and we continue to introduce more ACQUITY column chemistries in the quarter. Looking at our Waters Division MS instrument system sales, we saw mid-single digit sales growth for UPLC mass spec systems and low double-digit orders growth. Business momentum was strongest through the quarter for high-performance QTof technology systems, including Xevo and SYNAPT platform instruments. Our tandem quadrupole-based instruments delivered strong growth in the quarter and an overall double-digit revenue growth through the first half of 2013. At this year's ASMS Conference, we showcased the new SYNAPT platform instrument called the SYNAPT G2-Si. This innovative instrument offers significant advantages to researchers, taking to more fully utilize ion mobility measurements across workflows. In applications ranging from lipidomics to food safety analyses, Waters' scientists and our collaborators demonstrated the unique capabilities of high-performance Ion Mobility Separation for challenging qualitative and quantitative measurements. On the chromatography instrumentation front, we had a weaker-than-anticipated quarter, with overall declines for both orders and sales in the mid-single digits. This weakness was most pronounced for our pharmaceutical companies in well-established markets, U.S., western Europe and Japan, and in application areas outside of pharmaceutical QC. ACQUITY H-Class demand continued to ramp for QC applications, but weakened in early-phase development applications, interestingly, the same type of labs where we saw robust demand for advanced mass spec instruments. ACQUITY overall and ACQUITY H-Class had particularly strong sales growth in the prior year quarter. The comparisons become easier in the second half of 2013, and as we move into the second half of 2013, we expect to see a return to modest growth for our LC system platforms, with incremental demand for our new ACQUITY advanced polymer characterization system, along with continued ramp of our ACQUITY UPC2 instruments. So in summarizing our second quarter results, I believe that the underlying demand for our products and services is stronger and more stable than our second quarter sales growth suggests. Late quarter shifts in the product mix and in geographical mix of orders, in combination with the choppy capital spending environment, all converge to disrupt what had appeared through most of the quarter to be a healthy demand trend. Looking toward the future, I am pleased with new system offerings that are on the near horizon. During the past few years, our R&D efforts have delivered significant new innovative system offerings to the markets that we serve, and there's been a nice correlation between new product launches and higher-than-market sales growth. We have seen this with ACQUITY and are now witnessing the positive effects of the recent mass spec system introductions. To that end, we hope to benefit from new system introductions later in the second half of this year, with the sales impact from these launches contributing more meaningfully to 2014 growth. Before turning it over to John, I will say a few words about our nonoperational plans. On the M&A front, we will continue to seek smaller complementary technology opportunities that fit our profitability and growth characteristics. Our strategy is to remain a technologically focused company with market-leading offerings for targeted customer sets. We see this as the most viable path of securing long-term growth and leading profitability in the analytical tools business. We will remain focused on strong free cash generation because we feel that cash generation is the long-term primary goal for any successful enterprise and a key indicator of our current market strength. In terms of cash deployment and after any bolt-on type business acquisitions, we plan to continue our share repurchase program, a plan which has, over the years, removed more than 1/3 of shares outstanding and meaningfully contributed to predictable EPS growth. On closing, when I last spoke to you in April, I mentioned that I felt 2013 would be a successful year for Waters. Though the results of the second quarter remind us that the road to success is not always a straight and smooth path, we do remain confident in our product and market positions and anticipate more profitable growth in the second half of the year. Now here's John for a review of our financials and an update on the financial outlook.
John A. Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. Second quarter sales grew by 2% before currency translation. Currency translation reduced sales growth by 2%, resulting in flat overall sales. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were down 8% to $1.08 this quarter compared to earnings of $1.17 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.03 this quarter versus $1.09 last year, and reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. As I just mentioned, before currency translation, sales were up 2%. And looking at this growth geographically, and again before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were down 2%, Europe sales were up 7%, Japan was down 6% and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 3% as strong growth in China was offset by weaker sales growth in India and other smaller markets. ROW sales growth in the quarter was strong. On the product front and in constant currency, within the Waters Division, instrument system sales decreased by 2% and recurring revenues grew by 8% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, total sales decreased by 3% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q2 non-GAAP financial performance versus prior year. Like last quarter, gross margins continue to be negatively impacted by foreign currency translation and capitalized software amortization. Additionally this quarter, we saw a more pronounced mix shift away from our higher-margin LC instruments in favor of mass spec sales. SG&A expenses were flat to last year as a result of continued tight spending controls and foreign currency translation. R&D expenses increased by 3% this quarter. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate for Q2 was about 15%. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6.4 million and share count came in at 86.6 million shares, 2.8 million shares lower than Q2 last year as a result of our continued share repurchase program. On the balance sheet, cash and investments totaled $1,650,000,000 and debt totaled $1,268,000,000, bringing us to a net cash position of about $382 million. In the quarter, the company successfully refinanced its syndicated bank credit facility, increasing the size by $200 million to $1.4 billion and extending the maturity date to June of 2018. As for Q2 share repurchases, we bought 725,000 shares of our common stock at $70 million. This leaves $478 million remaining on the authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any noncash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. For Q2, free cash flow came in at $95 million, after funding $80 million of CapEx. Excluded from this CapEx amount is $13 million of spend associated with our new Manchester, U.K. mass spectrometry facility. We expect this facility to be ready for occupancy in 2014. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 74 days this quarter, up 2 days from Q2 last year. And in the quarter, as is typical early in the year, inventories increased by $7 million. Now looking at the remainder of 2013. While Q2 sales were below expectations, a continuation of the rate of order production from the first half, coupled with the backlog reduction, supports a mid-single digit growth in sales for the second half of the year. We believe our recurring revenues will provide a foundation of stable mid- to high-single digit growth in the second half of the year and our instrument business will see low-single digit growth as CapEx budgets remain under -- remain more constrained and less predictably released in the markets that we serve. Foreign currency translation at today's rates is expected to continue to depress sales by 2% in the second half of the year. Moving down the P&L. Gross margins for the full year are expected to be about 59.25%, a modest decline due largely to currency translation, software amortization and the instrument mix shift dynamics I discussed earlier. Gross margins in Q3 are expected to be about 58.5%. Operating expenses are expected to be up about 2% to 3% in the second half of the year, bringing full year growth to about 2%. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $24 million, and we expect our full year operating tax rate to be between 14.5% and 15%. Our full year average diluted share count is likely to be around 86.5 million shares outstanding. Rolling all of this together, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in a range of $5 to $5.10. Earnings per share growth continues to be heavily affected by foreign currency translation this year. Versus prior year, foreign currency translation at today's rates is expected to reduce our full year EPS by about $0.30, almost entirely due to the weaker Japanese yen. While we have kept spending controls in place and will for the entire year, it has not been possible to counteract this currency translation effect meaningfully in the short term. As we think about our expectations for the third quarter of 2013, we expect mid-single digit organic sales growth, supported by orders growth that's consistent with our first half rate in combination with a backlog reduction. Currency translation at today's rates would reduce sales by 2%, resulting in reported sales growth of around 3%. This brings our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $1.20 to $1.25. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Operator, I think we can now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question does come from Ross Muken of ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So I guess as we think about sort of the progression of the quarter and kind of the outcome, particularly on the capital equipment side, it's interesting that a notable amount of the weakness came from pharma and on the LC side in the U S. It seems like, in general, that's actually been a piece where a lot of folks are talking about kind of a net strengthening or improvement in demand, at least relative to Europe or maybe some of the emerging markets. And so as you sort of went back post -- looking at the outcome for the Q and looked at what you saw in the backlog, I mean, what do you think was kind of the confluence of events that led to that level of disconnect in those pieces of the business versus some of the other areas where you actually came through quite well, where we've seen actually a little bit less stability from other players or from other macro data?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, there's a lot tied up in that comment, Ross. I think, just from a big picture, clearly, the area that surprised us was the weakness in our LC business, particularly in pharmaceutical areas outside of QC, which is, of course, one of the biggest areas that we service. So it was more in the front end of the research area and in discovery, and frankly, that was an area that was quite strong in our mass spec business. So it's a little bit head scratching because it doesn't appear related to large capital outlays, where we were pretty successful. We have seen periods when we -- the confluence of events throws a quarter at us, where we have an unexpected drop or increase. We saw a very strong instrument business in the first quarter of this year, and while we weren't straight-lining that, we did anticipate that it would be stronger. And in fact, through most of this quarter, we had pretty robust results, and then at the very end of the quarter, it faded, much to our surprise. So I'm not -- as you can tell from our forecast, we don't anticipate that this is a forever dynamic. We are conservatizing our outlook in the second half to some extent. But we don't think that there are major share dynamics going on here, and we don't think this is forever. But we continue to dig deeper in this whole underlying demand phase of the LC instruments.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe as a follow-up, I mean, one of the things you've been dealing with, a lot of folks have been dealing with, their exporters, is kind of the strong dollar. It seems like that could be in play for some time and maybe even continue to move against you. I guess, in that context, for places like India, where we've seen disruptions, the rupee has gone up to kind of INR 60 or something like that or in other kind of emerging geographies, how are you thinking about that as it kind of progresses through the year, where people are kind of adjusting to kind of this new set level and so they're just assuming we're not going to see a correction like in times past, where they've maybe basically delayed spending for more favorable exchange rates instead of just going forward with it? How do you -- what are you sort of assuming for that dynamic in the back half?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we're assuming that in Japan, we're going to continue to see a yen that's around about the current level, and I think that's a pretty fair estimate. But early -- the yen did weaken from the beginning of the year to this point, so we have seen incremental pain from the translation of the yen. We haven't seen a lot of underlying demand dynamics in Japan as a result of that. So contrary to what happens in India, where, clearly, the very weak rupee has affected the local conditions significantly. We haven't seen that in Japan, and Japan is largely a translation effect on our business. And I think the thing to remember is that while this costs us $0.30 relative to last year's earnings, if the yen stabilizes where it is now, then next year is a more normal period and we don't have that piece of page. So look, we operate in a world of many different currencies, the euro and the yen being the most significant. And we continue to believe that facing the dynamics through our operating plans, it's a slippery slope if you try to hedge these dynamics and then get into dramatic costs and forecasting issues, as you try to forecast well into the future. So historically, we feel like we have done a better job by addressing this through our operations. We'll continue to do that, and we'll have to work our way through it
Operator: Our next question does come from Dan Leonard of Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: First off, on your backlog communication, is it right to think that your current level of backlog is about twice what you would normally carry? Or is it some different multiple of that?
John A. Ornell: Yes, the increment year-to-date, Doug talked about a $20 million increment in the backlog through June, that's up about double what it traditionally would be. And that demand is heavily affecting growth in Asia, specifically, Asia and Japan, through the half. Much of this came in later in week 13 and just given logistics and revenue recognition in that part of the world, couldn't be converted. But that's the increment to the base backlog that we typically have that we're discussing.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: So is it right, then, to think of your second half communication as you can get about a point from additional backlog burn and maybe 4 points from underlying demand on the top line?
John A. Ornell: That's exactly right. So the logic to the sales revenue growth in the second half of the year is a continuation of the order rate that would be closer to 4-ish percent. It's the base order rate, coupled with a reduction of backlog over both Q3 and Q4, that would add a point to that. So we're basically projecting that we'll see a continuation of the first half's order rate and then a backlog pull-down to add a point to that in each of the next couple of quarters.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then my follow-up question, on Japan, assuming a stable yen from here forward, does the absence of that $0.30 headwind in 2013, does that fall to the bottom line in 2014? Or are there offsets?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, when you say does it fall to the bottom line, it just means that you're -- you have a stable base of comparison, Dan. It doesn't...
John A. Ornell: . It doesn't repeat itself is another way to think of it.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. So if the yen had been stable -- one way of looking at it is if the yen has been, on average, comparable to 2012 this year, our earnings would have been $0.30 higher. So if the yen stays stable, then we think with our -- all other things being equal, if we get where we call our normal growth and our normal attention to the bottom line, you'd see normal earnings growth dynamics from us in the future.
John A. Ornell: Exactly. So if the yen doesn't -- this year went from about JPY 80 to JPY 100. If it doesn't go from JPY 100 to JPY 120 next year, we don't repeat that $0.30 penalty.
Operator: Our next question does come from Doug Schenkel of Cowen and Company.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You guys indicated LC weakness, I believe, was primarily in U.S. biopharma or developed economy biopharma for non-QA/QC purposes. Just wondering if you could talk about how exactly you know these instruments are being used. I guess what I'm getting at is how confident are you that QA/QC demand remains strong? And if the answer is because you see that -- if part of the answer is because you know what's going on also in mass spec and you know that mass spec is strong in these non-QA/QC areas, like discovery, are you sure that LCs from other vendors aren't being attached to these mass specs? I think this gets it really also a question of how you're positioned share-wise in LC.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, Doug. I think we're pretty confident that our information systems and our reporting mechanisms tell us with pretty good accuracy what's happening in our order rate, where it's coming from. And it also tells us, with a fair degree of precision, whether what we're seeing is due to delayed orders or share loss. And as you know, share just doesn't change radically quarter-to-quarter, and we had very good results in the first quarter. Instrument demand was up 8%, I think, in the first quarter. I wouldn't say wow. Therefore, we took lots of market shares in the first quarter, and demand was down in the second quarter. Unfortunately, this isn't the first time in my career that we're seeing those kinds of swings, so unusual but it happened before. So there's nothing -- there's been no technological advancement, there's been no regulatory issue that's dramatically changed the playing field that we've seen. Yes, we saw one of our vendors incorporate their own LC a year or so ago, and we absolutely saw some dynamic there. That's played itself out. We don't see major shifts in who's putting LCs in front of their mass specs. So I just -- I think that this is more of a timing issue. And additional to the U.S. dynamic, we're clearly seeing a major center of LC demand in India become very challenged by the issue on the ground in India. So I think those 2 issues are clearly what's happening in our instrument demand. India, I think, is likely to continue this year, whereas the other dynamic, I think, is likely to be more of a short-term issue.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So let me ask, I guess, 1, maybe 2 follow-ups. On the timing issue, talking about this as though it's a timing issue. I mean, a lot of your business was strong here. It's clearly how instruments came in at the end of the quarter. I think from talking to you guys over the years, it's probably fair to assume that you get something like ballpark of $80 million in instrument revenue in the last couple of weeks of the quarter. And given your miss was attributed primarily to instruments, it seems like that came in closer to something like $60 million to $65 million -- or $15 million to $20 million below target. You talked a lot about how great backlog is heading into Q2. Would you be willing to tell us how much of the Q2 miss you've recaptured in the early weeks of Q3? I think that is important for investors in assessing how much of this truly was a timing issue.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, Doug. I think your -- our orders are more weighted to the last 2 weeks of the quarter than you estimate. So I think it should be very clear that while we saw very strong comparisons right through the quarter, right into the last part of the quarter, we weren't anticipating that to continue with the rate that it was. So we had, what we thought, some cushion and it still fell off to a degree that brought us to where we are now. As it relates to going forward, there's no question that we've captured some of those orders that we anticipated to get in the second quarter, as we've gone through the third quarter. I caution you, though, that the same thing happened a bit in the first quarter, where we -- there was many millions of dollars awarded that we thought we were going to get late in the first quarter that we absolutely captured in the first part of the second quarter. So that makes me more reluctant to automatically say I know what's happening here. We're satisfied that our stocks in the third quarter has been positive. And I think we've rolled in what we've learned from the second quarter, applied the management judgment that says, "We don't want a repeat of what we saw in the second quarter." So I think the combination of all those factors suggests that we see nothing now that would lead us to believe we could have a repeat of the second quarter. But it's still a forecast, and we're still going to do our best to make sure we achieve it.
Douglas Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And last quick one. In Q1, I think your chemistry growth was just under 1%. We don't know what the number was for Q2, but it's probably at least 7% to 8%. Is the right way to think about this from here is just really think about the first half growth and project it forward? Or are you -- it does sound like you might think it may be a little bit better than that.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think the second quarter is more reflective of what we believe the underlying growth. The first quarter was very unusual and impacted by some things like large chemistry orders that were in the base in Asia that didn't repeat in the second quarter. I think the mid to somewhat higher growth rate for chemistry is much more our feeling going forward.
Operator: Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: If we look back, we have seen misses on the business before that were driven by late quarter spending dynamics. I think we all know that. However, if you do look back, you guys have missed -- revenue were put in line -- put up in line reports for something like 6 quarters in a row now. So I appreciate that the operating environment is challenging, but can you give us a little confidence as to why you have good visibility or line of sight on the back half assumptions you're making here and the fact that your guidance is conservative?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, Doug -- Isaac, excuse me, I think that our visibility hasn't changed very much. As you know, we, like most everybody in this business, don't operate with very significant backlogs. So most quarters, we have to generate, in that quarter, the business that we're going to ship and record as revenue. So we have all the tools that we've always had, which is discussions with our customers, historical run rates, projection of the strength of the economic environment, and we have a reasonably sophisticated process. But as we've seen, it's forecasts, and there are a lot of pieces of that, that move around in an individual quarter. We clearly thought and thought through most of this quarter that we had properly anticipated what was going to happen, and then, in very short order, it fell out of bed. We've looked at that, we've examined the underlying trends. Much like the first quarter, we saw this weakness in chemistry, and we didn't believe it. And in fact, that all turned around in the second quarter, and we're reasonably confident that, that's going to continue in the second half. We had a very strong first quarter in instruments, and then it dropped in the second quarter. We don't think that, that was anything we did. We don't think that, as I said, dramatic market share changes occurred. It's frustrating, I know it is for you, and it certainly is for us. But we continue to try to refine what we know, and we overlay what our product introductions are and what the customers are telling us, what the field is telling us. We try to apply a little degree of conservatism there. And -- but I can't tell you that our process has changed as a result of this. We just looked harder, looked harder at the backlog, looked harder at the customer forecast, and we continue to try to do our best. But we live in a world of uncertainty.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. No, I totally understand that part, for sure. One follow-up would be a little bit more on the items that you guys can control, one specifically on just use of cash. I mean, in the past, you've had years where you have purchased stock in excess of the free cash flow you generated. Just given the long-term growth drivers of the business and where you are right now, why not buy back more stock? And then just secondly, if you could touch a little bit on the plan here for mass spec. What do you guys have in the pipeline that you can talk to in terms of new project -- products? And maybe are those defensive products that are going to help the gross margin or the operating margin story?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, on the mass spec front, I think, as I alluded to, we have some, I think, exciting near-term plans that, unfortunately, I don't think I could talk to much more about. But you'll see that happening in the second half, really in the fourth quarter. That should have a significant impact next year, maybe a marginal impact in the fourth quarter. But I think the run rate in mass spec, the competitive positions, that's all encouraging. I think we're -- coming out of the last couple of years, we had to scramble a little bit more to secure our position in mass spec. Current indications are that, that's going well. The second part of that?
John A. Ornell: Share repurchases.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. We continue to believe that our stock's a good investment. John has shared what the authorization is. I can tell you that, at the board level, we continue to wonder whether we're aggressive enough. So that clearly is the way we lean, and I think that's the way we'll continue to lean about applying more of our cash flow to share buyback rather than less. I guess that's probably the most I want to say about that.
Operator: Our next question does come from Amit Bhalla of Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Doug, TA Instruments has been a consistent positive performer for quite some time. I'm wondering if you could just talk about what the weakness there tells you about the industrial and chemical end markets.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, Amit, it's very unusual -- you're absolutely right. TA has been a consistent performer through many years, and again, I think we've had somewhat of a perfect storm here that is not likely to continue. TA had a combination of slow results in the biocalorimetry piece of their business. It's the first time, I think, in many quarters that we've seen that. And as they have gone back and looked at that, we see no reason to believe that, that's a continuing dynamic. They also had a backlog build that affected their results, and that's been reflected in improvements that we see in the second half. I think they have a very strong market position, a very strong technological base. And I think you'll see TA return to more traditional growth rates as we get through the second half of this year.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You don't think that there's an underlying end market issue here taking place?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Not versus our level of expectations. I mean, I think we're expecting mid-single digit kind of performance. That's somewhat lower than we've seen traditionally, and yes, I do think that, that's kind of market related. But off that base, I don't expect dramatic changes.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And Doug, just a follow-up on the academic, government comments you made, can you talk to -- talk about those in the context of any incremental changes sequentially or just put into better context what's going on in that end market?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think the European markets were pretty strong in that segment of our business. And we also saw an uptick, although it wasn't all shippable in the Japanese marketplace as they kicked in with some stimulus spending. The place where we saw disappointing results and clearly, some impact from the sequester was in the U.S. And so some of that business, we expect to actually return in the second half, but we haven't been overly ebullient in what we're expecting out of government sources in the U.S. in the second half. I think it's going to continue to be a tough area until the whole government spending in the U.S. gets somewhat more straightened out.
Operator: Our next question does come from Daniel Brennan of Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to ask first a question on India. Certainly, I know into the quarter, there's optimism that you guys were to recovery. Just wanted to kind of flesh out a little bit the results that you saw, kind of the rupee versus some of the other operational issues that you've been seeing in India and kind of what's implied in your guidance for the back half of the year there.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, India has been frustrating because now it's almost about a year of continuing weakness in the rupee that continues to put pressure on almost all of these accounts of getting the capital to invest. And boy, if you looked at the discussions that we're having with those accounts and how much they want to buy, you'd say it's going to be strong double-digit growth as far as the eye can see. So the customer expectations and desires are certainly there, but they've been unable to fulfill that and get the capital to invest. Now in the second quarter, that's coupled with the fact that we had a reasonably strong second quarter in India last year and so that makes the comparison tougher. We have easier comparisons as we go through the second half, but that's kind of not a statement on the return to growth of the India market. We were anticipating it'll continue to be tough in the second half, and I see no signs that they've really had a fundamental ability to overcome the fact that the rupee has weakened by some 20-plus percent in the last year or so. So I think it's going to continue to be a struggle.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Maybe just shifting gears over to the kind of chromatography weakness in the quarter. Can you -- Doug, I think you were citing sometimes things are somewhat unexplainable with this weakness that you saw in discovery chromatography. But is there another quarter, possibly, you could point to in the past when you saw that type of weakness in chromatography and discovery work? Anything to get our -- help get our arms around this event and how we should evaluate this quarter's weakness and an expected pickup as we move forward.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, we have seen -- but it's not -- some of it is formfitting. You go through a quarter like this where you have weak demand in discovery, and you'd say what are the dynamics that we think affected it. In the past, we've seen mergers in big pharma that can dramatically affect the demand swings from a quarter to a quarter. So we've seen that, over the past 10 years, 2 or 3x, where demand sucked as they were absorbing mergers and acquisitions. I'd say, we -- it's unusual to see it in a period like this, where there's relative stability in the big pharma marketplace. So I can't point to a specific point in the past, where things have done like this. And it's a little surprising to see the strength in mass spec and to see weakness in the chromatography. But as I say, it's telling that we saw strength in the chromatography market, greater strength in the first quarter, and so you look at the average across that, you're looking at low-single digit first half growth. That's probably more telling and more indicative of what the market is doing than any one quarter standing on its own. So that's what we think, and that's what we're planning for.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then maybe I can sneak just one more in. Just back to an earlier question, Doug, it's just kind of on your attach rate. Could you discuss kind of how it's been trending, say, over the past kind of a year plus or so and kind of what you expect going forward? I think you commented that there's no issue with the attach rate. Just wondering if you could put a little bit more detail.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I would say -- I wouldn't say the attach rate in terms of our consumables business is getting higher. I'd say it continues to be very good. And ACQUITY is a big piece of that, where the use of our consumables with our ACQUITY instruments from the day of introduction was high and continues to be very high. I would say we see no falloff, but then we don't see a greater attach rate. But it's high and we continue to be satisfied with it.
Operator: Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Doug, just I think you mentioned this before. But in the first quarter, you also mentioned pharma kind of delays. And as you alluded to on this call, that's why you're not getting too far ahead of yourselves because you saw it again on the second quarter. So I'm just curious, is this just 1 or 2 customers that this happens to each quarter. Has it been broad-based, these delays? Do you think this is just kind of the new norm?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, it's certainly not universal, Jon. It's -- we see strength in some large pharma accounts and weakness in others. And some of it's quarter-to-quarter, where one that was weak in the first quarter is strong in the second quarter. Some of that's project related. We continue to believe that, long term, this is a good set of customers, that the demands on them and the demands in early stage continue to be high. And we continue to believe that we're introducing capabilities across our platforms in chemistry and in instruments and in data and information processing that will produce gains for us. It's certainly been frustrating that, that's been as choppy as it has been. And you see individual cases where you can understand that somebody -- some pharmaceutical in China gets challenged because of regulatory issues and you see orders flow there, but those are one-offs. There's not one layer of dynamic that's affecting everybody in this industry.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: So is it kind of fair to say, last quarter, it was a certain set of customers; this quarter, it's a different set of customers? And I'm just curious, for the second half outlook that you described, would you say that now you're kind of taking into account that, that's likely to happen at the end of each of the next couple of quarters as well.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, we think so. We -- as I say, we don't think that the first quarter instrument growth rate in the high-single digits was run-ratable. We don't think that the rate in the second quarter. We think the average of that is more likely what we're going to see in the second half, and that's what we've planned for.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: And just to hop on instruments, I think, it has MS. It actually sounded like demand for instruments was pretty stable, kind of what you're describing now. So for like the first half of the year, if you exclude revenue, but if you just talked about orders, can you maybe talk about mass spec versus LC for the first half of the year in terms of orders, kind of what that looks like?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I mean, as we said, the instrument order rate is mid-single digits.
John A. Ornell: Mass spec, a little faster.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: And mass spec is a little higher, and LC is a little lower.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then, if I can, to just finish my question, but then just -- John, can you maybe, just really quickly -- it sounds like, for the year, you're still talking about mid-single digit growth, which is, what, last quarter, what you guys talked about for the full year. I kind of go down through the P&L of some of the ships that you made. Can you maybe just highlight what are the key reasons for the lowered kind of EPS guidance, given the -- it looks like a similar mid-single digit top line?
John A. Ornell: For the second half, I think, basically, what we're saying, the guidance on the EPS is down largely as a result of the miss in the second quarter. And then, on the second half of the year, there's just a modest decline in earnings associated with a slightly worse yen than what we had before. Share count is up a little bit versus where we thought we might be as a result of the higher share price, and there's other little bits of movement between expenses and a slightly lower tax rate. But it's all kind of rounding, if you will, Jon. So it's -- the dropoff in EPS of $0.15 versus the midpoint guide to guide is largely a Q2 miss with the second half largely intact.
Operator: Our next question does come from Amanda Murphy of William Blair.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I actually had a follow-up to Doug's earlier question on the chromatography sales. So obviously, the sales are a bit weaker on the pharma side but -- or early stage side. I'm curious, can you help us think about -- or even qualitatively, think about the contribution from sales to the regulated markets? Just assuming that's a contributor to growth in some ways, I'm just trying to figure out how much that is and how to think about that over the rest of the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Amanda, when you talk about the regulated markets, are you talking about just pharma in general, pharma QC or...
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I guess I was thinking about pharma QA/QC, but maybe you can talk to it more broadly as well.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, pharma QA/QC was right on our expectations. So as I said, it was really the R&D and tending towards the discovery segment of pharma that was off our expectations. The regulated market, I think, continues to be pretty predictable. That's where the workhorse instruments go. It's where productivity -- it's much like a manufacturing process of writing those analyses. So I would say the demand there tends to be more predictable, more consistent. And historically, I think the other stages of pharmaceutical capital spending tends to be lumpier and less predictable.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So in terms of QA/QC adoption of the H-Class, for example, I mean, is that something that could accelerate or be a larger contribution -- or contributor on the back half? Or do you expect that to be sort of...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think, over time, we believe that H-Class will continue to penetrate more and more QC. Our penetration has been good, but it certainly is not universal. But I wouldn't suggest that you see significant dynamics in a quarter-to-quarter basis. This is a multiyear dynamic that I suggest you see not quarter-to-quarter.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it, okay. And then just a similar question on the mass spec side and maybe this is a moot question just given your comments on some of the potential launches you might have coming up here. But -- so you've obviously had some pretty good results there in the higher end side of it with SYNAPT and Xevo. I mean, how do you think about that in terms of how much more runway you have given some of the improvements in the product line that you've introduced recently? Is that something that can -- that growth rate can sustain for multi-quarters? Or is that something that you should see this year and then maybe tapers off next year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm pretty encouraged by the opportunities in the high end. And I think our introductions and our current interactions with customers in metabonomics and proteomics are -- I think are served markets that are showing very good results. The opportunities in the applied markets, particularly in food safety, continue to grow and provide, I think, a very secure long-term source of mass spec revenues. An encouraging current dynamic is in the clinical market. We've served the clinical market in places like the neonatal and any rejection growth analyses market and pain monitoring areas. Those are well-developed segments of the clinical marketplace. Some of you may have seen recent results, particularly coming out of Britain, on emerging areas that we're participating heavily in and have very good visibility. I think that's longer term. That's not going to affect the second half of this year. But there were very good signs of emerging applications for mass spec and high value-added mass spec that we're developing in the clinical marketplace. So I think that's very encouraging. And I think we're working on some of the areas of bringing mass spec to the underserved areas on the benchtop. So that we hope to have some more information on as we go through 2013.
Amanda Murphy - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just last quick one on Japan. Have you looked at the stimulus dollars and sort of figured out how much of that might be available to Waters specifically?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we looked at the particular tenders that have been let under that. Of course, not all tenders have been let under the expectation. And the stimulus approvals in Japan came later than originally anticipated. So we absolutely have booked several orders late in the quarter under the stimulus plan. And we're anticipating that the net result of that, with our ongoing business in Japan, we'll see an improvement in our growth rate in the second half of this year.
Operator: Tim Evans of Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Doug, how confident are you in being able to get back to a long-term top line organic growth rate of something like the 7% that you guys usually want to see?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It's still our target. We still believe that the markets we serve and that the technologies that we bring, combined with the geographical dynamics and the improvements in the developing markets -- I do understand that any time you have a period when it's been a challenge to meet those rates, raises questions about whether you have to reconsider what those long-term growth rates are. But I think we've been in a relatively unusual period, lots of challenges. Typically, coming out of these periods is where you see some of your best growth, and I still believe that we're capable of producing those growth rates. We're not so large to be challenged inordinately by kind of the lot of large numbers. And so yes, I still believe that the combination of our technologies can get us to that mid- to high-single digit growth rate.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I mean, I guess, when you think about the end markets, when you guys have kind of achieved those levels of growth in the past you've had government, academic funding that was growing pretty rapidly every year and you had pharmaceutical R&D spending that was growing pretty rapidly every year. And those 2 dynamics, for sure, have seemingly changed for the -- at least the intermediate term.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, certainly, big pharma has changed. But we're coming into -- coming off a period where startup biotech funding has been pretty robust, and we're coming off a period where biotech spending was pretty slow. So we see near-term opportunities in some of that smaller to intermediate-sized biotech spending to be very encouraging. So look, I think it's fair questions, but in my experience, it's -- people tend to look at -- if they're at the bottom of the well, they tend to forecast that they're always going to be there. And when times are rosy and robust, the tendency is to forecast that those conditions will continue. Generally, it's just the opposite. Generally, what happens is that when industry conditions are weak, they tend to get better. Obviously, that's in my best interest, but I think that traditionally has been what's happened. I think it would be wrong to think that, all of a sudden, the technologies that we provide are becoming less valued in the world.
Operator: Our next question does come from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So in the interest of time, I'll keep it short. So did -- in the pharma discovery, when you're talking about LC delays, was this delays of new LC systems for purchases or were these replacements? Do you have any clarity on that? And I guess Europe was strong in the quarter. Could you compare and contrast the European pharma versus the U.S. pharma? I think people are trying to figure out the dynamics that was going on in discovery areas there, if there's anything that's markedly going on that is different.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Derik, there's no difference between European pharma and U.S. pharma. I mean, in terms of the -- these are multinational companies. And really, it would be wrong to think that Glaxo and AstraZeneca are riding high and Pfizer and Lilly are riding low. That could be happening, but they're related to individual corporate dynamics, not related to geographical applications. And so while it's true that we score our business in a particular way that says this business was generated in Europe and it came out of a pharma company, but I think it's more to think about the pharma industry in global terms and the fact that global spending in our front end was weak. So I think it's that piece that suggests that in the tradeoff of separations versus detection in the mass spec, the air is on the side of the higher end mass spectrometry purchases this quarter. But I think, as I've said and I continue to say, there's a leveling off. Those tend to be 1 quarter dynamics that don't indicate a permanent change.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. One quick follow-up. You mentioned environmental last quarter being a little bit soft. Did environmental improve this quarter?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Environmental was okay. I'd say in the non-pharma markets, the food safety and food analysis is probably the strongest area of our non-pharma business.
Operator: Our next question does come from Dan Arias of UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe just one for me. Doug, going back to pharma. When you think about your view there and what you're seeing out of those accounts, does the growth outlook at this point include anything in the way of expectations for a budget flush in 4Q? I guess to the extent that you have a feel, what's the general thinking in terms of end-of-the-year spending there?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I would say we always -- in our run rates, we always see some end-of-the-year uptick or fourth quarter dynamic. It's become, I'd say, less and less. Certainly, in my time in the industry, if you went back 10, 15 years, there was a much bigger end-of-the-year dynamics than there is currently. So we don't expect an inordinate end-of-the-year dynamic in those terms. We expect a more normalized pattern of demand.
Operator: Our next question does come from Tycho Peterson of JPMC.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Question on the OpEx. If we look at the original guidance you provided for the year, it was 3% to 4% OpEx growth. Obviously, that was off the 5% expectations originally for the year on the top line. Now you're talking about 2%. Can you just talk about -- to the extent that you've got levers to pull here, are these project delays? Is it just less travel? Can you talk about where the OpEx leverage is coming from?
John A. Ornell: Yes, it's slightly more effect as a result of currency, but mostly it's associated with holding back on discretionary spend at the levels that we're likely to end at now. There'll be slightly less variable pay schemes being paid out. There'll be -- the project expense associated with getting new products out and making those investments is largely intact. But we are looking to, everywhere we can, hold back on spend to compensate for the yen and the somewhat softer order rate as we make our way through the second half.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: So it largely comes out of everything we've described as discretionary spend, Tycho. I mean, it's travel, it's meetings, it's -- you can't do it forever, but you can continue to limit that. And you put on extra controls, and you make life as miserable as possible to have somebody spend incremental money. And it's a tough time, and I think everybody appreciates that they have got to tighten their belts a little more. We're not embarking on any significant structural reductions. Again, it's important to recognize that $0.30 a share of our pain this year is coming out of the yen. And we do think that, that has a fixed lifetime, that we'll come out of this, and we don't want to do things that causes us long-term pain. But in the short term, if everybody takes their belts down a notch, we can help keep our expenses lower.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then a quick follow-up, can you just comment on general pricing trends in the market today? And then also, can you clarify what your expectations are on academic in the back of the year? I think I heard you say that you thought it could get a little bit better. I just want you to clarify that.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I'll take the general pricing trends, and John can talk about academics. But general -- in any period of time, a quarter or 6 months, we'll see 1 territory in the world kind of pop up with the sales force complaining that so and so has given away their products and it's much tougher to sell because, god, the discounts are ranging high. You almost always get some territory that's complaining about that. If you look at our average end market pricing across instruments, mass spec and chemistry, we have seen no significant change in that. Our margin, to the extent that you can see, a slight change in margin. It comes from mix and the fact that our mass spec margins are a little bit lower than our instrument margins, but it doesn't relate to a change period-to-period in the pricing. Pricing has been solidly constant.
John A. Ornell: And on the government, academic expectation, we started the year with a high-single digit growth in government and academic. We came into the second quarter, it flattened out there. So the expectation and the guide in the third and fourth quarter is that we'll see a couple percent growth worldwide for that market.
Operator: Our next question does come from Peter Lawson of Mizuho Security.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Just to dig down deeper, on the customers, what were they actually saying around those delayed orders?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm sorry, Peter, what -- I didn't catch all of that. What are the customers saying about the delayed orders?
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Yes, exactly.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, in terms of some specific orders, we've actually seen them close in the third quarter. So that gives us some confidence that our people on the ground were right, in that a number of those orders were in the works and for either capital spending reasons or just administrative delays, they flipped from the second quarter into the third quarter. When you look at the pharma dynamic in early stage, our customers -- again, you don't get them to talk specifically about a delayed order necessarily there. It's -- they're not saying anything different about their commitment to early-stage discovery. It's not like a big pharmaceutical company is now saying that they're out of the early-stage discovery business. So you probe around it as to what their capital budgets are, what their plans are, and that's the same story. We don't believe that there are significant changes, and that's another reason why we think that this is just kind of quarterly abnormality, that we're more likely to see a more average period of demand than we are -- either the spike in the first quarter or the downward turn in the second quarter.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then the disconnect you're seeing in LC versus mass spec for pharma discovery, could that be anything internal versus being an external issue?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Internal, by -- you mean, like a company specifically?
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Yes, sales organization issue or...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No, we don't think so. We don't think it's the fact that the sales force is happier with mass spectrometry. We have pretty good mechanisms to -- both in the compensation arena, as well as in the field force management. We don't think this is internally driven. We think that this is just the vagaries of demand across a big wide, worldwide marketplace.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And how much of it -- FX impact, how has that changed since 1Q? I guess I'm trying to work out how much of the...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Kind of little bit worse, probably $0.05 worth in the second half.
John A. Ornell: Yes, we ended up having the yen, as you might recall, lifting up meaningfully across the quarter, coming kind of back down to where we thought it would be. But the average was like a couple percent higher across the quarter. Other currencies were under a little bit of pressure versus original guy. But really, the yen, at the end of the day, is the biggest contributor, and you're looking at, as Doug said, about $0.05 across the year associated with incremental FX.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And that's versus 1Q and now?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That's versus -- right, the guide we gave in April for the 1Q results.
Operator: Our last question does come from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: My question is just a follow-up on one of your answers to Tycho's question regarding operating expenses. And I was just wondering, now that you've had to lower the EPS guidance again, as it relates to your variable compensation, how much of a reduction in variable comp is there? I think, if I remember correctly, maybe last year, there was a pretty large cost of variable comp last year that helped earnings a little bit. I was just wondering how much variable comp has come now -- come down now in your new guidance.
John A. Ornell: Yes, that -- there's still some base amount of variable comp that's in there for various geographies and various groups, so they are likely to still achieve some base level of hedge. There's other measures, EPS and others, that are now likely not to have a payout. So a significant portion of the decline is associated with expectations that plans won't be met and we'll see a reduction in the variable pay that leads to a meaningful piece of that reduction overall.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Just to flesh out, the meaningful -- our variable pay plan for the senior people, as I talked about the 25 senior people in the company, are all driven off earnings per share growth, and the payouts don't get meaningful until you get to double-digit earnings per share growth. So in a period like this where there is minimal, if any, earnings per share growth, there is no variable comp that is paid out. So we go into the year, of course, planning to have a successful year, and if it turns out like this year, then there will be no variable payout of any significant amount to the senior-most players in the company.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: I think that goes to the heart of my question. Just were you accruing for senior management incentive compensation and now because of the guidance reduction, you reversed that or you've stopped accruing for that?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: There is a piece of that. We -- coming out of the first quarter, we anticipated that there would be some payout, now we're not.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Is there any way to quantify that change?
John A. Ornell: It's a few million dollars.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, it's in the low millions of dollars.
John A. Ornell: Right. We were accruing, Steve, at the lowest payout levels in the first place. Otherwise, it would have been a more meaningful amount.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay. I appreciate everybody staying on well past our normal stop date -- stop time. Hopefully, that helped you in putting in, in perspective coming off a difficult quarter. I do want to emphasize that we have seen times like this in the past. We're disappointed that we had a soft quarter. We do think that we're well positioned for the future, and we do think that the second half is likely to be a better performance than we saw this quarter. So hopefully, you'll all be back to hear about that the next time we get together, and we hope to hear from you again. Thanks for taking the time, and we'll talk to you again.
Operator: Today's conference has ended. All participants may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-23 11:20:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John A. Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Vamil Divan - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, and John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will be making various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q2 and full year 2013. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, in Part One under the caption Business Risks Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 2013. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, 2013 has started off pretty much as we had anticipated. Our demand for new instrument system has improved nicely from the trends we saw throughout last year and has returned to organic growth rates with strong free cash generation that are more in line with our historical performance. Though our reported sales and earnings per share were lower than we had forecast, the shortfall was entirely due to currency translation dynamics, primarily the significant weakening we've seen in the Japanese yen. Looking at the first quarter, our constant-currency sales grew about 5%. Our adjusted earnings per share were up 7%, and we generated strong free cash flow. John will review for you our financial performance in more detail momentarily. For the Waters division, our pharmaceutical end markets grew organically at a mid-single digit rate with strong sales in India and China compensating for slower capital releases among large multinationals. Global government and academic demand accelerated to a high single-digit rate based largely on successful mass spectrometry technology driven line. Outside of life science markets, industrial chemical and applied markets grew more moderately in the quarter. Geographically, the highlights in the quarter include a return to strong growth in India and the continued robustness of our business in China. The strength in China was broad based across the applications we addressed and looks to be sustainable in upcoming quarters. They're also expecting the strength in India to continue, as the local currency has stabilized and as production volumes for generic drugs ramp up and as CRO spending increases. Waters division constant currency sales in Japan were modestly down in the quarter with nearly all customer categories exhibiting somewhat lackluster demand. This weak demand compounded the adverse effects of the weakened currency. We remain encouraged that sales growth will improve in Japan during the second half of 2013, as governmental stimulus programs kick in and as exporting manufacturing companies start investing due to potentially stronger profits as a result of the weaker yen. In the U.S. and staying on the Waters division performance, sales were up mid-single digits. We saw our strongest growth in pharmaceutical and chemical analysis segments, while our government and academic spending were somewhat softer. The strength in pharma spending was largely from specialty clinical diagnostics and CRO customers. Spending from some of our larger pharmaceutical accounts shifted into the second quarter due to delays in capital budgets. In general, our developing markets in Latin America performed pretty well in the first quarter in comparison to mixed results throughout 2012. Our European business in constant currency for the Waters division was about flat in the first quarter, essentially in line with our expectation. Looking at customer groupings. European government and academic spending was robust in the quarter, while pharmaceutical and chemical analysis both saw modest decline. The academic strength was in part due to significant mass spectrometry placements for proteomics and metabolimics applications. Our TA division started off 2013 with a solid mid-single-digit constant currency sales growth quarter. Growth was largely driven by new technology products with high-temperature instruments beginning to have a more meaningful impact in the division's overall sales performance. These high-temperature systems, instruments that are used to characterize metals and ceramics, are sourced from businesses that TA acquired during the past couple of years and will continue to expand TA's application rate for years to come. Geographically, growth for TA was largely balanced across major markets. I now will discuss some product line dynamics that we saw in the quarter. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, only grew modestly in the first quarter, as both our chemistry and service businesses were adversely affected by roughly 2 fewer selling days in the quarter and by, in the case of our service revenues, a tough comparison to a double-digit growth in the first quarter of 2012. Chemistry growth was a little weaker than we had anticipated even in light of the fewer selling days. However, ordering trends for columns and another chemical reagents have picked up early in the second quarter, and we anticipate that growth rates will normalize towards historical mid-single-digit levels as we move through this year. ACQUITY columns continue to account for an increasing proportion of our overall column business, and this trend is consistent with a steady uptick in UPLC adoption rates. Looking out at our Waters division instrument system sales. Sales growth was particularly strong for UPLC mass spec systems. All our major mass spec technology platforms, including QTof, tandem quadrupole and single quadrupole devices, grew at double-digit rates with strong uptake in pharmaceutical R&D application. This trend is very encouraging, as we can begin to see the couple -- the positive impact that our new UNIFI operating systems is having and driving advanced system offerings and enhancing our competitive position in the marketplace. On the chromatography front, we saw the strongest growth in orders for ACQUITY H-Class and UPC2 technology systems. H-class benefited from strong uptake when sold along with single and tandem quadrupole detection technology, while UPC2 adoption rates continued to steadily improve across a wide array of applications. In March at the Pittsburgh conference, customers were very excited to see a new advanced polymer characterization system called ACQUITY APC that we introduced at that venue. The ACQUITY APC system couples new size exclusion ACQUITY column chemistry with a tailored ACQUITY UPLC system that includes a new high-sensitivity refractive index detector. Developed in collaboration with researchers at Dow Chemical, this new system represents a long-awaited quantum step in analytical capability for researchers developing advanced polymer-based products. We expect to see sales growth impact from this system as volumes ramp up during the second half of the year. On the HPLC front, we saw consistent demand for our Alliance system. Alliance continues to be the workhorse system for generic drug quality control applications, and its consistent performance over many years has created a loyal customer base, a base fairly unwilling to change their purchase patterns. In that light, we have recently updated our Alliance system to ensure our ability to continue to manufacture and support this system for a number of years. The updated Alliance system offers performance that allows for seamless method transfer from earlier Alliance systems while providing updated electronics and improved industrial design. So what are the things in store for us going forward? Well, the simple answer is largely more of the same. In that, I mean stable top line growth, industry-leading profitability and cash flow, and a conservative capital allocation strategy. On the product front, expect us to continue to leverage the convergence of UPLC and mass spec technologies to create advanced UNIFI-based application tailored system. You will see examples of this that at ASMS later this quarter, as well as significant new MS innovations. On the M&A front, we'll continue to see smaller complementary technology opportunities that fit our profitability and growth characteristics. It is likely that we will see more activity on this front from our TA Instruments division over the next few quarters as more assets appear accessible. I'm confident that 2013 will be a successful year for Waters and that we will return to top line growth that's closer to our historical average rate, significantly better than what we saw last year during an industry-wide slowdown. Though we are not seeing economic conditions that suggest a robust recovery in the near term, we sense stability in the market. This market stability, in combination with the high degree of confidence that I have in our competitive position and in our technologically-focused business strategy, gives me confidence that we can perform well this year. Now here's John for a review of our financials and an update on our outlook.
John A. Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. First quarter sales grew by 5% before currency translation. Currency translation reduced sales growth by 3%, resulting in 2% overall sales growth. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were up 7% to $1.07 this quarter compared to earnings of $1 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.39 this quarter versus $0.98 last year, and the reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. Our GAAP results this quarter contain a onetime income tax benefit from an update of our reserves based on recent significant progress made towards closure in ongoing income tax examinations. As I just mentioned, before foreign currency translation, sales were up about 5%. Looking at this growth geographically and again, before foreign exchange affects, sales within the United States were up 6%. Europe was up 1%. Japan was down 2%, and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 5%. ROW sales growth in the quarter was strong. On the product front and in constant currency within the Waters division, instrument system sales increased by 8%, and recurring revenues increased by 3% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, total sales increased by 6% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q1 non-GAAP financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in about as expected at 59.4%, down modestly from Q1 last year. As described in our prior guidance, we expect a modest decline in gross margin percentage across the year versus prior year as a result of a weaker currency translation environment and from additional software amortization from the release of our UNIFI products. Additionally this quarter, growth accelerated for our QTof-based mass spectrometry products, resulting in a mix shift that slightly reduced gross margin percentage and added to organic sales growth. SG&A expenses were up 1% as a result of currency translation and continued tight spending controls. R&D expenses increased by 8% this quarter. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate for Q1 came in at 12.6%, which contributed about $0.055 to earnings benefit this -- to our results this quarter versus our prior expectation. Our tax rates to Q1 is lower than our anticipated full year tax rate because it includes the R&D tax credit for 2012 that was reinstated in early 2013. For the full year, we expect our tax rate to be between 15% and 15.5%. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6 million, and share count came in at 87.2 million shares, 3 million lower than Q1 last year as a result of our continued share repurchase programs. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1,590,000,000, and debt totaled $1,233,000,000, bringing us to a net cash position of about $357 million. As for Q1 share repurchases, we bought slightly over 1 million shares of our common stock for $95 million. This leaves $548 million remaining on our most recently authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any noncash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. For Q1, free cash flow came in at $113 million after funding $18 million of CapEx. Excluded from this CapEx amount is $12 million of spend associated with our new Manchester, U.K. mass spectrometry facility. We expect this facility to be ready for occupancy in 2014. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 80 days this quarter, up 3 days from Q1 last year. And in the quarter, as is typical early in the year, inventories increased by $7 million. Now thinking about the remainder of 2013. We had slightly stronger organic sales growth to start the year, and current business conditions look to support a continuation of this mid-single-digit growth trend. On the currency translation front, there has been a general weakening of major foreign currencies versus the dollar, with the Japanese yen leading the way with more than 10% depreciation since the start of the year. Updating our guidance for current translation rates now results in a 2% headwind from currency translation for the full year. Moving down the P&L. Gross margins are expected to be about 59.5%, a modest decline due largely to currency translation and software amortization dynamics I discussed earlier. Operating expenses are expected to be up around 3% from 2012. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $24 million, and we expect our full year operating tax rate to be between 15% and 15.5%. Our full year average diluted share count is likely to be around 85.5 million shares outstanding. Rolling all of this together, non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $5.15 to $5.25. This is $0.15 below our guidance from January and reflects the adverse impact of foreign currency translation at today's exchange rates. As we think about our expectations for the second quarter of 2013, we expect organic sales growth to continue to be in the mid single digits. Currency at today's rates would reduce sales by about 2%, resulting in reported sales growth of about 3% to 4%. This brings non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $1.18 to $1.23. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. I think, operator, at this point, we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Muken of ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So on -- it seemed like one of the stories for the quarter was sort of a recovery in instrument growth. And I know you had an easing comp there, but it seemed to be even better than most of us were looking for. And so if you sort of had to tease out, as obviously it seems like more broadly, CapEx demand is sort of soft, if you need to tease out sort of market growth, new instruments, maybe the benefit from India, sort of the different components of what sort of drove you better certainly than the market but even sort of better than forecasts, how would you sort of weigh that out amongst the different pieces?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, it's again, hard to totally characterize what's going in the market for one quarter, Ross, but I think the significant dynamics for us was a quite strong mass spec business were pretty much all over. So we saw good strong results across every mass spec platform: the tandems, the high-end SYNAPT, QTof line and the single quads. We also saw a return to growth in India. Now it's been a while coming, but we finally saw a return to significant growth in India, and we've seen a continuation of very strong business conditions in China, and our results there are probably stronger than most. The U.S. held up pretty well in the quarter, and Western Europe was soft but not softer than we had anticipated. So I think that all rolled up into a stronger capital position than certainly we've seen through most of 2012.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And on the margin line, it seems like all of the sort of issue you've had on pull-through is sort of currency related. I mean, I know it's hard to react to sort of short-term changes, but it seems like given the commentary, particularly on Japan, we're going to be in for a period of weak yen now for a while. I mean, is there anything you can do to sort of mitigate that? I know you don't have a lot of cost base in that region, and I'm not suggesting hedging. But on a medium-term basis, do you think about sort of shift [indiscernible] the region? Or is there anything you could do to basically offset some of that? Or we'll just have to live with the incrementals for the year as long as the yen is weak?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, our forecast anticipates that we live with it for the year. within Japan, it should be noted, our Japanese business is a very profitable business. So even at JPY 100, this business continues to operate very profitability for us, just not as profitable as it was, of course, at JPY 80. And we don't do any manufacturing in Japan, and we don't intend to. So all of our revenues in Japan, except for the locally-sourced service and administrative costs, are exposed to the yen. That's why the flow-through to our bottom line is so significant coming out of Japan. Whereas in Europe, we do a lot of manufacturing in Manchester and in Ireland. So we mitigate the -- we're more balanced in terms of our costs and revenues in Europe. So what we could see is if the stronger organic revenue continues for the year, it's conceivable that, that will be higher than our current forecast, and that might lead to a mitigation of the yen situation. But we have no intention of now locking in the yen at JPY 100. We're much better, over the long term, managing in this currency environment, and we'll modify our long-term budget and strategic plans. But within a year, it's very difficult to offset this kind of currency move.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Brennan of Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to start with some customer -- kind of deeper dive. Starting with large pharma, Doug and John, maybe can you comment on how much of a drag the slower release of budgets in the first quarter was on your business and kind of what did large pharma grow in the quarter and how you're thinking about kind of full year growth from that customer base?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. I -- just thinking qualitative terms, Dan, it's a combination of what we think of slow budgets and maybe a little calendar effect. It was an unfortunate timing of Good Friday, and we clearly saw some large orders from big pharma that we thought would be in the -- late in the quarter that we've subsequently seen flip into the second quarter of the year. So we have specific evidence of that, and we have what we think of as being a somewhat encouraging qualitative feedback from many of our large pharma customers concerning their plans. And in fact, early on, we've seen some of that materialize. So there's some evidence of it. We're not taking it all to the bank. But we think the combination of those dynamics probably means that the first quarter, maybe the rest of the year is a bit stronger in that environment than we saw in the first quarter. John, do you want to comment at all about large pharma?
John A. Ornell: Yes. I would just say that generally speaking, pharma all in grew mid single digits. It did well, and that's in spite of a drag that we're talking about with large pharma. So I think most of that, as Doug said, is really just a lag in the release. As we said, we had a very good start to the second quarter with that group of customers, so it doesn't appear to be a full year dynamic.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then maybe just kind of sticking with the customers. Could you kind of update us on how you're thinking about academic, government, industrial kind of growth throughout the year? I mean, certainly I get that academic and government you said grew high single this quarter and industrial sounds like it was -- kind of maybe grew modestly. How are you thinking about the remainder unit for those 2 customer bases?
John A. Ornell: Yes. I think on the government, academic side, the good news is, is that we have a pretty diverse worldwide clientele of customers. The U.S. wasn't certainly as robust as our customer base in Asia, for example. So all in, we had a really good year or a good start to the year with government, academic. A significant shipment of some high-end mass spectrometry products within Europe to some of those customers as well helped. So I would say, we're certainly above where we thought we'd be for one quarter. Maybe instead of a flat for this group customers, there's a modest amount of growth as we make our way through the year. But we're certainly off to a good start and better than we would have said as we entered the year. On the industrial side, I would say that we're not meaningfully off of our original expectation. That still grew at kind of at 3%, 4%, so it wasn't as low as you might think. We're pretty optimistic as we look at the product offerings that we have, the new APC, the TA Instruments offerings that will extract our share of business from the group of customers as well. So I wouldn't say we're concerned about even the industrial chemical side of the business at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Knight of CLSA.
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Doug, it's the most bullish you've been on having TA move on acquisitions. What's creating that level of, I guess, heightened interest on your part?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, Paul, a lot of it is that we keep looking hard there. I mean, we've got a confident, aggressive management team, and they kind of fit our mold of being in our sweet spot of revenues that range from $5 million to $20 million, businesses that can easily fit within the infrastructure of the TA division and probably a little more interest at this stage in the year on a number of these fronts than we've seen. So it may be making a little more progress. So I could be embarrassed, and by the end of the year, we might not have secured the fronts that I think we're working well on. Our forecast, of course, doesn't include any of this. But I feel better at this point in the year about making progress there than probably I have traditionally, Paul.
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Yes. And then lastly, I know NIH is a small part, but could you tell how that market was in the quarter and your projection of it?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think probably, like everybody, we think sequestration hurt a bit. The U.S. market in that -- in this area wasn't strong for us. But the timing of NIH type of procurement can also be a little hard to read. So it wasn't good, and we're anticipating that it's going to be on the soft side for the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel of Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: My first question is does your Q2 guidance assume that you captured the revenue you missed out on in Q1 due to the delay in the release of capital budgets? And has a portion of that or maybe even a significant portion of that amount already been recorded?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, Doug, I think it's fair to say that we're optimistic that the second quarter returned some of those revenues that we anticipated in the first quarter. It would also be fair to say that our guidance tempers, to some extent, and doesn't necessarily include the fact that, that will stick for the full quarter. We're -- we like to be a little conservative on this front because it's not impossible that we see an end of the quarter flip from the second quarter into the third quarter also. So we try to draw a midline between those expectations. I think it means that we're more secure in this forecast, but it doesn't mean that we have necessarily included a large batch of those orders. I think of it as more...
John A. Ornell: Insurance.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, insurance than it is largely reflected in our forecast.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And if they were already booked, it would be more than insurance. Is that a fair observation?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. But again, there's no guarantee that some of the things that we then anticipate at the end of the quarter couldn't flip into the next quarter. So we're feeling good, but we're not going to totally take it to the bank yet.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one area of clear investor focus recently has been on the pacing of the quarter, specifically what happened in March based on some commentary from other companies. Anything notable or surprising? It doesn't seem like that was the case, but just to be clear, would you guys talk about whether you saw anything abnormal as a result of the sequester in March, and more broadly, in some of your cyclical end markets?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Doug, I'd say the only thing that the end of the quarter saw was the timing of Good Friday in our more religious areas of the world. It fell on the last day of the quarter, and we have some reasonably good evidence that, that, probably combined with capital releases in large pharma, swung some timing of orders into the early part of the second quarter. I'd say the only other quarterly dynamic that we're seeing reverse is this whole issue on the consumables side. We've seen a curious dynamic on the consumables side being a slow start to the year. This isn't the first time, but this was a more unusual dynamic where we saw a very soft consumables business, largely, throughout the first quarter, and that seems to have turned very rapidly in the second quarter. And that may be uncertainty on the part of some of these large customers. It could be inventory management. We think that that's a onetime quarterly dynamic and have some pretty good evidence that it's already started to turn. So that's the only, I'd say, calendar type of dynamic, as well as 1 to 2 fewer selling days in the first quarter on the consumables front.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And last question, really, a good quarter from an operating standpoint, especially when you adjust for FX. That said, SG&A grew, I believe, less than 1% year-over-year on about 5% constant-currency revenue growth. And this was against a pretty favorable comp at the SG&A line and follows 3 quarters where SG&A spend declined about 3% to 4% relative to the previous year. How sustainable is this? I assume you get some natural hedge as a result of FX, but beyond that, can you maintain SG&A at these levels moving forward?
John A. Ornell: Yes. I think from a model perspective, Doug, we've got about a 3% growth all in for the remainder of the year, and there are certain areas of the world that are going to require some level of investment as sales growth is in the double digits in those regions. As we've always said, we hold back as we start the year in making those types of investments to be sure that we are comfortable with the trajectory that we see. So I think there'll be a modest lift in SG&A as we make our way through the next few quarters. They could be -- there's little flexibility in that, but I would say we've been somewhat stingy in releasing some amount of expense in some of these regions where it's needed, and you're going to see that creep up a little bit as we make our way through the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Vamil Divan of Credit Suisse.
Vamil Divan - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So one just maybe high-level one, you obviously were seeing some more consolidation taking place in the sector. You guys aren't small, but maybe smaller than some of your peers. And just any sort of updated views you might have there especially as you think about trying to expand into newer areas such as more than [indiscernible]...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm sorry, Vamil. Could you -- you faded at the end of that question. Could you repeat it, please?
Vamil Divan - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, sorry, just in terms of some of the consolidation that's taking place, if you have any updated views regarding the -- just your size relative to some of your peers, especially as you think about moving into some of the more clinical end markets. With some of your technologies, how do you see your position versus some of these bigger peers now?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Oh sure, it's probably a timely question. I think, clearly, you can look at maybe segregating business strategies in the life science tools area broadly into 2 categories. One group of companies who drive their strategy believing that they can get economies of scale and drive their business through acquiring like businesses and driving more business through their distribution organization versus companies kind of what I think clearly Waters is that focus on the needs of a smaller set of customers, with a smaller set of technologies and try to optimize that to benefit the customers and focus kind of exclusively in those areas of their expertise. Obviously, not a perfect cut between those, but I think you can characterize companies as falling in either one of those sets. I think the companies that are focused on the former, on the distribution side, are characterized by lower growth rates, lower growth in organic earnings and lower return on invested capitals than companies like us that have focused on the specific needs of the customers set, hone their business, manage their capital spending to a finer degree. Waters has competed, over the 30 years that I've been involved in the industry, most of the time, competing with larger companies that have multi-technology arms and arms that have competed with one another for capital. And we've come up pretty well on that score. So I don't think that there's a whole lot of evidence that suggests that there are unusual returns to scale in this industry. Granted, you have to be competing in a marketplace that's big enough to support your organization, but the chromatography in the mass spec markets are amongst the most sizable in our industry and offer continuing opportunities for us to provide our shareholders with above-average returns. So I guess that's how I'd answer it.
Vamil Divan - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful to hear. And then just one other one. I know it's a little bit early in terms of ASMS coming up in a few weeks now. Any kind of insights you can provide regarding what we should expect? Is there anything you're looking at as big sort of pivotal meeting? Or is it more sort of incremental advances [indiscernible]?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think, at this point, we're not prepared to announce the ASMS. But we'd encourage you to go, and I think it's -- it will be a rewarding show.
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Bhalla of Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Doug, on consumables, when you talked about the potential impacts that you saw in the quarter, you didn't discuss competition. Anything on the competitive front that could be impacting the consumables side?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We don't think so. It's a little bit of a head scratcher. And in that particular area, there's -- it's highly unlikely that a new product offering moves things very fast, and we certainly have not seen that. We think it's totally a combination of calendar dynamics and an unusual slowness in customer activity early on. In places like China, you could see unusual quarterly dynamics where they place their year-long chemistry orders in a lumpy pattern, and we certainly saw some of that during this quarter. So I don't think there's much of a competitive dynamic here, and I think the short amount of evidence that we've seen so far in the second quarter supports that assertion.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then on China, I mean, robust performance overall. Can you give a little bit more detail by the end markets in terms of performance?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the very encouraging thing about China is that it's broad based. It's across the traditional life science applications, as well as food quality, food safety and industrial applications. So boy, I'd say, if anything, we see the underlying dynamics in China strengthening a little bit rather than softening, and it's broad based.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And if I'd just sneak a quick one at the end, you mentioned in the prepared comments about Alliance and the stickiness there. As you continue to manufacture more Alliance system and demands there, what is the impact on pricing and gross margin for the business?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Nothing I said should lead you to believe that there's a significant pricing dynamic or gross margin dynamic. The new Alliance is largely an update of the old Alliance. It doesn't really significantly change the pricing of the margin dynamics.
Operator: Our next question is from Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: So Doug, if I look at -- just to make it clear, what are you assuming for your exchange rates now for the rest of the year? I think initially, you have the yen at JPY 86?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, we're assuming at current rates of JPY 99 now for the yen, and the others are just about where they were, the big difference being the fact that, obviously, the yen has depreciated meaningfully across the quarter.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Yes. So John, if I look at that, it looks like pretty much if I do that math given where you were and where it went to, it looks like pretty much all the EPS revision is driven by the new yen expectation, so you're basically not assuming better organic growth to offset any of that.
John A. Ornell: That's correct. I'd say right now, we're looking at a mid-single-digit growth expectation comparable with what we said in Q1. Yes, we did come in a little bit better to start the year. That's encouraging. We're talking about new products and opportunities that maybe makes that a little bit better, but I think it's just a little too early in the year to think about moving that number up at this point.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay, I just wanted to be clear. And then on the R&D line, was there -- that group quite a bit obviously, as a percent of sales year-over-year, is there a -- is that just an anticipation as you were mentioning ASMS? Or is there anything in particular going on there?
John A. Ornell: Yes. It's virtually timing. We have a fair number of project-related expenses on that line, so a fixed base of labor, they're sizable, but the project spend can move that number up and down a few points a quarter. And in this quarter, we had a few new mass spec products that required some [indiscernible] units. And so the project expense timing of that was a little bit skewed towards the first quarter versus what you'll see for the rest of the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That growth rate moderates over the year, John.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Right. So your comment of the 3% was a total OpEx number, right?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Correct.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then, Doug, this is for you. If you look over the last couple of your years, your net cash position has been building up quite a bit. Is there any reason that you can't be more aggressive there, do a larger buyback, get more to a net debt position? I know you mentioned some smaller acquisitions in TA, but I mean, maybe what's kind of the strategy there?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. Well, the net cash position, John, is largely driven by the offshore dynamics of our profitability, and so like a lot of technology companies, if we remit those earnings from offshore, then we're faced with a large U.S. tax burden. So our tendency is to keep those funds invested offshore. And to the extent that we don't generate enough local cash to support the buyback or our capital acquisitions, then the debt markets are more than adequate to support those needs. So it's a balance between those 2 that you see reflected in our balance sheet.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: But so is -- in U.S., are you kind of bouncing up against some of your covenants in terms of the U.S. cash flow that you're generating to -- in order to be able to borrow more or to do more of a buyback?
John A. Ornell: No, not at this point. We are careful to ensure that the pace of the buyback that we do year-by-year affords us enough headroom as the business grows to be able to continue that type of trajectory of share repurchase. So thinking that today, we might go out and do another $0.5 billion buyback one time and push up against the ceiling isn't something we want to do. The message we want to send is that we have a very consistent program that allows us the opportunity to spend $300 million, $350 million on a consistent basis each year and not bump up against those covenants. And you'll probably see us expand our revolver as the year goes on to ensure that we maintain headroom in that lending facility.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Evans of Wells Fargo Security.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess one of the themes in 2012 was some pressure at the high end of the mass spec market. I'm certainly not getting that sense today. So has that eased? And if so, why?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We've definitely seen an improvement in our business at the high end of the mass spec marketplace. I think -- and we've seen it significantly in proteomics and metabonomics applications. It is coincidental with some technological improvements that we made in a number of those product lines which we have anecdotal support from our customer base concerning the benefit of those changes. So I think it's a little bit better marketplace, a better product offering that we've seen. It also comes together with the fact that the entire mass spec product line is operating very strongly right now. So it is noticeable. I do think it is a point -- we saw beginning of this in the fourth quarter and a strong continuation as we go into 2013.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just one other quick -- real quick, the -- you talked about your expectation for stability and the continuation of the positive trends that you've seen in Q1 from the organic growth side. That seems a little bit different than some of the macro data points. We're getting some weaker PMI numbers in even this morning. When you talk about the stability, what are you looking at? Are you looking at orders in hand? Or are you looking at macro variables?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We're looking at a combination of all those, Tim. I mean, we're looking at the -- a rolling average of our run rates in areas that have been indicative of the future. We're looking at our major geographies and looking at kind of what we call the drop sheets of customers that have asked for quotes, asked for early order indications, indicated interest in our new technologies. And in our biggest geographies, with the U.S. operating a little bit on the positive side, China operating on the very positive side, India returning for -- off of a period of very low growth with the opportunity to see pent-up replacement demand, I think traditionally, the overall GDP numbers in our areas don't correlate terribly well with Waters' individual growth dynamics. Obviously, we're not immune from economic activities we saw in 2009. But if you'd cast out those outliers, our individual markets are a better indicator than the overall GDP numbers. And we continue to be reasonably optimistic about what we're seeing in our individual markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First off, on x U.S. markets, wondering if you could maybe elaborate on Japan and India. In Japan, just wondering how you're looking at the impact of potential stimulus opportunities there as we move into the second and third quarters. And then in India, can you maybe quantify the magnitude of improvement that you saw this quarter? How much of that was easy comps versus just an underlying improvement in the demand picture?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the India question, Isaac, is you can't ignore the fact that we didn't have a great year or quarter last year. So we did a little bit better than 2 years ago if you want to put it that way, but I wouldn't say that you're on a robust growth dynamic compared to 2 years ago. But it's still good off a baseline. We still think that there is some pent-up replacement demand in India, and we're encouraged about what those customers are saying, given the current state of the rupee and given the current state of regulatory hurdles in India. So we think that this kind of high teens kind of growth rate level for India looks sustainable. It in no way kind of is a quantum leap off 2 years ago, but it's good to see growth in that environment. The Japanese -- I -- we agree with you that we think stimulus spending can improve the situation in Japan as we go through the year. The stimulus amounts are very clearly aimed partly at customers in our segment. So we think our forecast accounts for a little of that, but we're not going to take it all to the bank until we start seeing those orders begin to roll in.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. That's very helpful. And then just on TA, one more question there regarding your comments on M&A opportunities. You said that there are more assets available. I'm just wondering why that's the case now. I would think that competition is higher just given the low cost of debt and the lack of growth that a lot of companies are seeing, so just wondering if you think it's an issue where you're more willing to deploy capital there given your cash generation in your balance sheet. Or is the situation where you're seeing more willing sellers for some company-specific reasons?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think it's probably more that just we've been so active in that area, and in our world, there are more opportunity -- more niche opportunities in that physical properties segment of the marketplace. Whereas in chromatography mass spec arena, there are much larger companies who are more established. And I think in some of these cases, you're looking at companies that are run by older management teams who are ready to perhaps move along. It's a -- it's not a homogenous set of companies that we're looking at. There are different dynamics driving a number of them. So it's hard to characterize them with a broad brush.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard of Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I was just hoping to get a better idea of how the weaker yen impacts profitability, and my question's a 2-part one. You mentioned that Japan is still very profitable at $100 yen (sic) [JPY 100] . I'm wondering if it's still above the corporate average of JPY 100? And if that's the case, when does it fall below? Is it JPY 105? Is it JPY 110? And then secondly, is it correct to assume that the lion's share of your year-over-year gross margin decline in the quarter, that the lion's share of that was yen as opposed to the software amortization?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: John, you want to start on that?
John A. Ornell: Sure. The Japanese business, even back at JPY 115, was a very profitable business and not a meaningful drag even at that level on the business. So it's the change year-over-year that gets our attention. But when you look at the absolute dollars of profit coming from that business at JPY 100 translation, it's still a very profitable business.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It probably has to get north of JPY 115 to start dropping at below corporate average.
John A. Ornell: Yes, exactly.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the second part of my question is that...
John A. Ornell: Exactly. And this will lead to a gross margin -- this -- it's probably a 50-50 split. I mean, it's a meaningful amount of amortization. We're ramping up sales particularly early in the year on those products. So you're having a bit more of an impact to start the year than finish the year. The yen will be more of an impact on margins as we make our way into the second quarter and through the fourth quarter as the yen started closer to JPY 90. It ended up closer to JPY 100 in the first quarter, so you didn't have a full quarter impact. So that mix will change a little bit as UNIFI sales ramp up as time goes on and as we feel the full impact of the yen on margins Qs 2 through 4.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Lawson of Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Doug, quickly, on the chemistry and reoccurring business, what gives you the confidence that it kind of gets back to a normalized growth level for the rest of the year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, partly, Peter, we've already seen the dynamic change early on in the second quarter. We've also looked at the order patterns region by region and have become more confident that some of the lumpy order patterns for large chemistry orders in places like China where you don't have the kind of traditional onesie-type of orders. You see much more bulk ordering in those territories. And we saw an unusual dropoff and then a quick pickup. So it's -- and we've looked at the competitive offerings. We've looked at the other dynamics that could change it, and we don't see -- we're not anticipating robust sales, but we're pretty confident of the return to the mid-single-digit chemistry dynamics that, in even a depressed year, we think we can return to.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And the software amortization, why is that an issue now? Why wasn't that anticipated at beginning of the year? Is it [indiscernible] ...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Oh, no, no.
John A. Ornell: It was.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It was anticipated. So the deltas I'm talking about weren't deltas from the guide. It was from last year. So we did anticipate that and talked about it coming into play right at the start of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. Just 2 real quick questions. So I know you don't have a ton of overlap in terms of your end market customers with Shimadzu and Hitachi, but have you seen any change in the competitive dynamic in -- with your Japanese competitors now that the yen has gotten a little bit more in their favor?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I don't think, in a broad way, we've seen the much difference, Derik. The Japanese haven't changed their spots from when the yen was JPY 120 to when it was JPY 90. They've always tended to be low-priced competitors, and we haven't seen -- I think they may be taking this opportunity to enhance their own P&Ls rather than think that a further low-priced strategy is going to do much for them.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I mean, that's consistent with what we've heard from some other companies. And just one other follow-up, I guess on the applied markets, you mentioned that growth there was a little bit more modest. Can you elaborate a little bit on this? Was this in food? Was this -- I'm just curious in terms of what you're seeing there because that's been such a big driver.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No. Food actually was reasonably good. It was environmental applications. In some of the industrial chemical applications, we're probably more on the soft side.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So you're including industrial chemical on that one. Okay, great.
Operator: Our next question is from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones here. As we think about kind of the back half of the year, are you able to just give us a sense as to some of the -- how we should think about some of the new products tracking, in particular the advanced polymer chromatography that you talked about at Pittcon earlier this year?
John A. Ornell: Yes. That product is likely, Tycho, to be a rather modest sales product across the second half of the year. It's a rather limited set of customers. There'll be meaningful interest from the Dows, the DuPonts, the 3Ms and the like, but it's not going to add a point of growth as we look at Q3 and Q4. As time goes on and the product ramps up, maybe we get a little more juice from that, but it just isn't a market that is likely to create a meaningful top line dynamic in the second half of this year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: What could be much more significant is the UPC2 that got a -- we got a little bit of momentum from late in last year but really is building momentum as we go through this year. So I think the UPC2 could be a much more significant dynamic than the APC.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And on UNIFI, can you talk about how we should -- you think about tracking the success of that business? Are you able to give us a rough sense of how many customers you have today? And I think in your comments you talked about kind of pulling through instruments sales with that as well, so...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. I think, you've see most of the dynamic, at this point, on UNIFI coming from tailored systems. UNIFI has not launched in terms of its overall chromatography network-based systems. But it clearly, with the launch of UNIFI into the high-end mass spec systems, this has been clearly partly what drove the enhanced position in the first quarter. We've see clear evidence of that. But I think that the beauty of UNIFI is that as you go through this year and into next year, more and more of the broad-based chromatography and mass spec applications come under the UNIFI umbrella and offer significant upgrade opportunities, as well as competitive advantages in many of these applications.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then last one, did you quantify the delayed pharma orders? I know you've talked about in a number of questions here, but did you actually quantify that?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No, we didn't. It's multi-million dollars but less than $10 million.
Operator: Our next question is from Sung Ji Nam of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: I was wondering if you could comment on the pricing trends, specifically for the mass spec business.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm sorry, I lost the last part of that. Could you repeat the question?
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Yes. Pricing trends for the mess spec business?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say they're nothing noticeable in terms of changes in pricing trends in our mass spec business. You can see it, our margins have been the same. Certainly, not major price increases, but no significant changes. Yes, stable prices I think is probably the way to characterize it.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. And then lastly, I was wondering if you could maybe talk about if there are any updates to your -- how you look at the diagnostic, clinical diagnostic opportunity in the medium term and if there are any updates there.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We're still very optimistic about the diagnostic opportunities. We continue to invest both R&D and early-stage marketing. And -- but I wouldn't say that we have anything to report on any major breaking news on the diagnostics front. But we continue to be encouraged about the long-term applications of LC/MS in the diagnostic marketplace.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Willoughby of Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Just regarding the improvement in mass spec you've seen, it sounds like it was with some European government customers. I guess, is that something that wrapped up in the first quarter? Or did that -- is that going to fall over to quarters over the remainder of the year? And I know when we talked a couple of months ago, you were expecting instrument growth this quarter be kind of closer to flatfish versus the 8% you did. So I was wondering what kind of changed or came in better versus what you guys were initially expecting a few months ago?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No, I don't know what you mean by flattish, Steve. We're anticipating that the strength in mass spec continues more or less on the trajectory that it's on. So we don't see any competitive dynamic or market dynamic that changes the current momentum in the mass spec world.
John A. Ornell: I think QTof certainly was stronger in the quarter than we anticipated. We thought that mass spec, in some total, was going to do well, largely driven more by the triple quadruples than the high ends. So the high end did do better, but as a group of products, we thought that mass spec would do well, and it actually did a little better than that to start the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Operator, I think that will probably be an appropriate point to end the conference call. We've now been over an hour. So I think we'll just thank you all for participating, and we look forward to updating you on our next call.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phones at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John A. Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to this Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters division; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, and John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the first quarter of 2013 and for the full year of 2013. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will be making various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q1 and full year 2013. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, in Part 1 under the caption Business Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2013. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled, Reconciliation of Net Income per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay. Thank you, John. Well, 2012 was certainly a challenging year for Waters, especially in comparison to the stronger growth rates we enjoyed in 2010 and 2011. After a slower-than-expected start to the year, we recalibrated our expectations and continued to track at a pretty consistent organic growth rate through the following quarters. However, and as we have seen in previous periods of sluggish demand, pricing held up across our product line and we were able to control our expense growth. These factors were important in delivering stable levels of profitability. If you look at 2012 growth rates across our major product lines, we continued to benefit from newer core offerings in chromatography, mass spectrometry and thermal technologies. Our recurring revenues, the combination of chromatography consumables and total instrument service sales, generated consistent growth in 2012 and contributed to our overall profitability. Pharmaceutical end markets were mostly stable across the year while many industrial chemical customers, given the weaker general economic conditions, held back on capital spending. Governmental and academic spending during the year, as might have been expected, was pretty soft. Geographically, we were pleased by the relative strength of our business in Europe. At the onset of the year, the concerns that instability in smaller European Union countries would spread across the continent appeared to have been somewhat overstated. And in fact, European pharmaceutical demand remains sufficiently strong to offset the somewhat slower sales to governmental and chemical consumers. Our business in developing regions was mixed during the year. Most importantly, growth in China remained robust off a strong 2011 performance. On the other hand, a convergence of issues hampered our performance in India. Our developing market businesses in Eastern Europe, South America and Eastern Asia delivered uneven results and cumulatively performed at levels weaker than we had hoped. There are some speculation that the potentially recessionary economic conditions in the larger consuming economies, principally Western Europe and the United States, limited scientific investment growth in the more fragile export-oriented countries. We are hopeful that an outlook for moderate but stable global economic growth in 2013 will result in a recovery of spending for analytical tools in many of these developing countries. On the competitive front, we feel the landscape remain relatively unchanged in 2012. At this point, nearly all companies offering liquid chromatography systems have acknowledged the momentum toward UPLC-type separations, and we feel confident that our leadership position will allow us to continue to direct future market developments and maintain a premier market share position. Our ACQUITY H-Class instrument system continued to bridge UPLC capability to classical HPLC applications. Also on the separations technology front, we launched our UPC2 system in 2012. An industry first of its kind, UPC2 has begun to establish a new performance category in analytical instrumentation that meaningfully improves workflows across many applications. In mass spectrometry, I believe we have established a performance leading position in tandem quadrupole technology, and sales growth for our Xevo TQ-S in 2012 suggests a strengthening market position. In applications ranging from clinical drug development to food safety testing, Xevo TQ-S offers a new level of sensitivity combined with high reliability and usability. In 2012, sales of our top base instruments declined in comparison to somewhat stronger 2011 results. However, recent business activity for instruments, such as our SYNAPT HDMS and Xevo QTof systems, has improved, and we are anticipating a return to growth in 2013. Our TA Instruments division performed well in 2012. For the full year, TA's constant currency revenues were up about 8%. Following a double-digit growth performance in 2011 and in light of global economic weakness, these results are pretty impressive. High points for TA in 2012 include the continued successful integration of purchased businesses into the TA portfolio and the buildout of a discovery line of thermal analyzers and rheometers. In 2012, TA also successfully acquired new product lines and technologies to expand their business into high temperature material characterization markets. Looking at the fourth quarter, our constant currency sales grew about 1.5%, and our adjusted earnings at a moderately higher level. These results were in line with our expectations and include both the adverse impact to margins from a recently significantly weaker Japanese yen and the positive effect of a lower-than-anticipated tax rate. For the Waters division, we saw growth in our pharmaceutical end markets, significantly driven by strong demand in Europe and China, a continuation of a dynamic that we saw in the third quarter. The global combination of government and university shipments declined at a mid-single digit rate in the quarter, with weakness in academic demand most pronounced in Europe, Japan and in a few smaller countries. U.S. government and academic sales held up well with recent ordering trends suggesting stronger, high-end mass spec demand. Looking at our applied markets and focusing on food and environmental applications, we have a history of healthy but lumpy growth performance. In the fourth quarter, our global food and environmental growth was down in comparison to last year. However, the decline came as a result of strong growth in the U.S. market, offset by a more significant decline in Europe. We are encouraged to see more food testing uptake in the U.S. as we feel that this market represents a large future growth opportunity. In fact, within the last month, the U.S. Congress passed legislation sending a clear message detailing the importance of scientific training on advanced methods of analysis. This is certainly encouraging for Waters as we have actively assisted in developing such methods and training protocols in cooperation with global regulatory agencies. Our TA division finished 2012 with a strong fourth quarter performance, completing a year of profitable growth. In the quarter, constant currency sales were up 7%. TA's organic growth was primarily driven by continued global adoption of discovery thermal and rheology systems and generally strong international sales. High-temperature instrument sales also contributed nicely to the division's overall performance in the quarter, a trend that's promising for 2013. Looking at the Waters division fourth quarter sales geographically, constant currency sales growth in Europe was in line with the company's overall growth rate. European strength in biopharmaceutical markets was offset by weak academic and chemical analysis sales, including a decline in applied market instrument system sales against the tough prior year comparison. European pharmaceutical results included healthy spending from large global firms in the region. In China, our sales growth was strong and broad based in the quarter, with most major product and market segments growing at double-digit rates. The fourth quarter results in China complete a year of strong growth in a very important market for Waters. Our competitive position in China is strong, and our access to the most attractive analytical market segments within China is reflected in the sales growth and profitability we have delivered in the fourth quarter and for the full year. On the other hand, our sales in India were lighter than we had hoped as local currency weakness, recent drug manufacturing and CRO issues, combined with government inertia, have contributed to slower business momentum. We continue to believe that underlying demand for new instruments, primarily for generic drug manufacturers in India, remains strong, and we anticipate seeing improved ordering trends in upcoming quarters. We remain confident in being able to maintain a leading share position and know that in the long run, India is an important and attractive market for us. Waters division constant currency sales in Japan were moderately down in the fourth quarter as weaker industrial chemical results offset strong growth in our pharmaceutical business. We're cautiously optimistic that a recent weaker yen may stimulate more business in 2013 from our industrial chemical export-oriented customers in Japan. In the U.S., and staying on the Waters division performance, we saw the strongest growth in instrumentation for our applied markets, including food and environmental testing. A modest decline in shipments to pharmaceutical segments is largely accounted for by weaker sales to large accounts, interestingly, the same set of customers that grew nicely in Europe. Combination of government and academic business grew at a solid mid-single rate in the quarter, with increased business activity in the high-end mass spectrometry system. Now, I'll discuss some product line dynamics that we saw in the quarter. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew at a high single-digit rate in the quarter. The growth in chromatography consumables was strongest in China and more moderate in most other regions. Sales growth of ACQUITY UPLC columns suggests a continuation of high attachment rates and of a gradual increase in UPLC technology and regulated methods. Our service business growth was more geographically balanced and close to a double-digit rate in most regions. Looking at our Waters division instrument system sales, performance was comparable for LC/MS instruments and LC instruments in the quarter, with moderate declines in sales in comparison to last year's results. For LC/MS, our strongest performing instrument systems embodied Xevo TQ-S mass spec technology combined with ACQUITY UPLC. This configuration is a workhorse tool for quantitative bioanalysis applications and drug development. And as I mentioned earlier, there are signs based on our recent ordering trends in the fourth quarter of 2012 and as we start 2013 that we are seeing improvements in our high-end top base demand. On the chromatography front, ACQUITY UPLC continued to edge into more QC applications. We believe that opportunity to see higher utilization of UPLC technology and QC application lies ahead of us. Up to this point, expansion into this segment has been limited by a combination of the 10-year length of the drug development cycle and by the somewhat restricted spending environment at most large pharmaceutical accounts. When drugs that are currently under development in labs that are using UPLC technology eventually make their way at volume production, we are confident that the preferred QC methodologies will transition to UPLC technology. Continuing on the chromatography front, 2012 marked the start of Waters' entry into a new separations technology that leverages the high resolving power of supercritical carbon dioxide in a high performance analytical format. We introduced our ACQUITY UPC2 platform at Pittcon 2012, and after receiving the Editors' Gold Award recognizing this system as the most innovative showcase at the conference, shipment volumes have nicely ramped through the remainder of the year. In 2013, we expect to see a positive impact of this system on our overall results, especially as UPC2 has the potential to improve analytical workflows at our customer labs while driving sales growth at Waters for not only new instruments but also associated growth in specialized ACQUITY columns and customer service plans. Well, so where do we go from here? In 2013, look for us to continue to introduce new application-tailored systems that offer more complete workflow benefits to customers. As you've seen for the past couple of years, you should expect that these systems will combine advanced mass spectrometry, ACQUITY UPLC and UPC2, our new unified operating system platform, application-specific separation chemistries and software applications. In addition, I expect that 2013 will be an exciting year for new instrument platform introductions. We have maintained a rich R&D product pipeline, and we look forward to significant launches at conferences this spring, which will showcase innovations in LC/MS and thermal analysis. In 2012, our sales and earnings growth rates were well below historical averages and our long-standing internal benchmarks. Though we are confident that generally weaker market conditions were responsible for our 2012 performance, we feel that these market conditions are temporary, and accordingly, we will maintain the same long-term internal growth targets for sales and earnings growth and manage our business to best achieve these long-term goals. We continue to believe that our technologically-focused business strategy and conservative asset allocation plan will continue to benefit our customers, employees and shareholders. Before turning it over to John, let me say that I am cautiously optimistic that 2013 will be a better year for Waters than 2012. Looking at the macro environment, the global economy appears more stable, and our outlook for business growth in nearly all geographic locations is positive. I'm also confident that our competitive position remains strong and that planned new product introductions will further enhance our competitive leadership position. Now I'd like to turn it over to John for a review of our financials and an update on the future outlook.
John A. Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. Fourth quarter sales were about the same as last year's, and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 2% at $1.59 this quarter compared to earnings of $1.56 last year. However, on a GAAP basis, our earnings were $2 this quarter versus $1.51 last year, and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. Our GAAP results this quarter contain a large tax benefit associated with recent tax planning activities that will allow us to access previously trapped net operating losses and apply them to future taxable income streams within our legal entity structure. This will result in reduced cash payments for taxes over the next several years than would otherwise have been the case. This benefit is calculated to be about $36 million and results in $0.41 of EPS benefit in our GAAP results. These benefits do not affect our non-GAAP earnings. Reviewing Q4 sales results in comparison with Q4 last year before foreign currency translation, sales were up about 1.5% and currency translation reduced sales by just over 1%. Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were down 3%, Europe sales were up 2%, Japan was up 1% and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 12%. On the product front and in constant currency, within the Waters division, instrument system sales decreased by 5% and recurring revenues grew by 8% this quarter. Within the TA Instruments division, total sales increased by 7% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q4 non-GAAP financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in at 60.1%, down modestly from Q4 last year. This decline was largely the result of currency translation as the combination of a stronger British pound and a much weaker yen increased our manufacturing cost and reduced our sales volume, respectively. SG&A expenses were down 1% as a result of net favorable currency translation, continued tight spending controls and lower variable compensation expenses. R&D expenses increased by 5% this quarter. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate came in favorable to our earlier estimates at 15.2% for the full year. This reduction was due to a favorable shift in income among our legal entities. And for 4Q, the cumulative full year catch-up benefit of this change lowered our effective Q4 tax rate to 13.8%. In the quarter, net interest expense was $6.4 million and share count came in at 87.9 million shares, 2.7 million shares lower than Q4 last year as a result of our continued share repurchase programs. Looking at our earnings per share for Q4, our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share contain a couple of unexpected items that largely offset each other. First, we had about $0.04 of foreign currency translation cost, about 1/2 of which is the result of rapid currency movements late in the quarter. And second, we had $0.04 of tax favorability resulting from the more favorable mix of legal entity profits discussed earlier. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1,539,000,000 and debt totaled $1,178,000,000, bringing us to a net cash position of about $361 million. As for Q4 share repurchases, we bought 720,000 shares of our common stock for $61 million. This leaves $643 million remaining on our most recently authorized share repurchase program. We defined free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any non-cash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual non-recurring items. For Q4, free cash flow came in at $120 million after funding $18 million of CapEx. Excluded from the CapEx cited is $13 million of capital associated with our new U.K. mass spectrometry facility. We expect this facility to be ready for occupancy by the end of 2013. Accounts receivable, day sales outstanding stood at 71 days this quarter, up 6 days from Q4 last year. DSO was impacted by geographic distribution of our Q4 sales and does not indicate a change in the overall quality of our receivables. In the quarter, and as is typical for year end, inventories decreased by $17 million. So for the full year 2012, sales pre-currency effects grew by 2%, while currency translation reduced sales by 2%. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share were up 2% to $4.93 versus $4.81 in 2011. Now looking ahead to full year 2013, we expect economic conditions to modestly improve as the year progresses. We believe our strong product lineup, coupled with a favorable base of comparison, should allow us to grow our constant currency sales for the full year around 5%. We generally use foreign currency spot rates when we calculate guidance, but given the extraordinary recent drop in the Japanese yen, we used the prior 30-day average exchange rate of JPY 86 to $1 in creating our guidance for Q2 through Q4. For Q1, we are using a spot rate of JPY 89 to $1. All other currencies were translated using current rates. Using these assumptions, full year currency translation is expected to be neutral to sales growth while depressing earnings per share by $0.10 in 2013 versus 2012. Moving down the P&L. Gross margins are expected to be about 59.5%, a modest decline due largely to the currency effects I just described. Operating expenses are expected to be up between 3% and 4% from 2012. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $26 million. We currently expect our full year operating tax rate to be about 15.5%. The expected tax rate will vary by quarter as we account for the R&D tax credit recently reinstated by Congress in Q1. Our tax rate in Q1 is expected to be approximately 14%, and for Qs 2 through 4, are expected to be about 16%. Our full year average diluted share count is likely to be around 85.5 million shares outstanding. Rolling all of this together, non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $5.30 to $5.40. As we think about our expectations for the first quarter of 2013, we expect organic sales growth of about 4% in the first quarter. Currency translation at today's rates will reduce sales by almost 1%, resulting in reported sales growth of about 3%. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $1.07 to $1.12. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Operator, I think at this point, we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question does come from Daniel Brennan of Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Doug and John, you've discussed throughout the call an increasing kind of tone of business possibly as, I guess, we exited the quarter. I think Doug, you talked about an ordering trend in high-end mass spec. Maybe if you could just flesh out a little bit kind of the pacing throughout the quarter that you saw and maybe some of this kind of forward visibility on improving demand trends.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, Dan. I think most of it's qualitative. And I caution everybody to say that it doesn't necessarily reflect longer term trends. We definitely saw an improvement in the fourth quarter in both the drop rate of high-end mass spec and more qualitative things, like demo requests and quotes. So that we see as positive. We see that continuing in the early part of 2013. We're also hearing what I call murmurings of improvement coming from our customer base. What makes it remarkable or notable is that it's different from what we were seeing at this time last year, which was much more cautious. So it's pretty much across the board that we're seeing those qualitative comments as being -- as leading to more optimism than pessimism. Does that cover your question, Dan?
Operator: We can go to the next question. Amit Bhalla of Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. I guess, number one, Doug, can you just talk a little bit about the outlook by regions and end markets for 2013? What's the underlying assumptions within the guidance you laid out? And then I have a follow-up question on India.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, I'll ask John to lay it out. He's got the data right here.
John A. Ornell: Yes, I think as we think about the full year and look at the geographies around the world, the expectation is that developing economies, largely Asia outside of Japan, portions of Eastern Europe, South America, Central America areas that we typically bring in to about the 30% that we talked about as being our emerging market exposure, we're looking for that to continue at kind of a high single-digit rate. We've seen that be better generally than that in actual results, but we tend to target something that's in the high single digits for those regions of the world. And then in areas such as U.S. and Europe, given the base of comparison that we have, we're looking for low single-digit growth this year in those parts of the world, maybe starting off closer to 2% and then closer to 3.5% perhaps. And then Japan, we're looking for a bit more of a difficult slog there, maybe 1% or 2% growth in that region. So that's kind of the outlook by geography.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And the end markets? And then I guess, I'll just throw in my India question. You had some pretty easy fourth quarter comps in the prior year. You're talking about some CRO issues. Can you flesh India out a little bit more in terms of the details of what's really happening there?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think what we've talked continuously about in India is that these customers are facing weaker rupee issues, wherein they're challenged by both the capital requests, as well as financing issues, that most of their debt's denominated in stronger currencies, and that challenges their ability to aggressively spend new capital. They've also had regulatory issues that have made them cautious in certain areas. We can pretty much look at almost every item that comes into India in terms of the market share dynamics, and we're convinced that there's no significant market share erosion going on in our business in India. So I know this is getting to be a little bit of a broken record; we're pretty confident that it's going to change. We're not happy that it's taken longer than we expected, but we think we'll see a change in 2013 and we'll see positive results in India.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And the question on the end markets?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm sorry, what was that question?
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The original question was your underlying assumptions on geographies and end markets. I didn't hear anything on end markets.
John A. Ornell: We're looking at pharma to grow kind of in the mid single-digit range. It could be, maybe 6% -- so closer to 6% than 5%. Government and academic, kind of flat, maybe a modest amount of growth as we exit the year but starting off slow. And then the applied markets, including food, environmental, industrial, somewhere in kind of the 3% to 4% range.
Operator: Our next question does come from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The first one was just on UPLC. I'm wondering if you could maybe give us an update on where we are, and we're a few years into that product cycle, and wondering how you're measuring the penetration of that technology from an installed base perspective. And then maybe if you could offer some comments on what you're seeing on consumable attach rates.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think we're very happy with the penetration of UPLC in almost all the early stage R&D segments of our market. I will say that it's taken longer to penetrate, although we are beginning to see penetration in downstream applications, particularly in pharma, particularly in mainstream QC. We certainly continue to hear our customers talk aggressively about taking UPLC into those applications. But frankly, up until this time, it's probably been a little more talk than action. We think that has a lot to do with the fact that capital is tough to come by and that it's just tougher to get capital in those large pharma applications. It is true that we're seeing a lot of success in penetration of UPLC in the generic drug manufacturers, and we think that that's a continuing dynamic that will continue to benefit us. In terms of attachment rates, we're happy with the continued strong attachment rates of consumables even at this phase, many years down the track, that we continue to see very high attachment rates of the UPLC consumables. It is true that since we sell braces of these columns with a new instrument placement, that because of the decline in instrument placements that we saw during this year, that that certainly affected to some extent the initial flow of our UPLC columns. But they still held up very nicely in each application.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So if I can just clarify what you said, it sounded like you were saying we're still maybe not quite halfway through the upgrade cycle on the equipment. Just -- I didn't want to put words in your mouth, but just making sure that's kind of the way you're framing it. And then last one for me was on longer-term tax planning. John, I think you guys have said in the past you have a tax shield I think in Singapore that expires in the near term. Anyway, just plans on what you plan to do there to offset it?
John A. Ornell: Yes, we're going to begin to look at options on that front that runs out 3 years or so down the road. So we'll start this year to think about what incremental product transfers maybe could be done to extend our benefit in Singapore. This -- we can think about what we might do in Ireland as well, incrementally from where we are today. The new product lines that we're developing on convergence chromatography might find a home over in those regions of the world. That might be a bargaining chip that we could use to move another piece of technology and gain something incremental on that front. So you'll hear more about that as we begin to work through that this year in anticipation of that benefit running out at the end of '15.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We think that we have any number of irons in this fire that will enable us to not see extraordinary increases on our effective tax rate even 4 or 5 years down the road, but those are actions that will play out in the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question does come from Tim Evans of Wells Fargo Securities.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: John, you talked a little bit about the long-term guidance being in effect, and are you referring to the kind of 8% long-term top line and 15% bottom line internal targets that you set for yourself? And if so, what do you see changing about the current environment that would kind of allow you to get back to that level?
John A. Ornell: Well, I think we look at this year certainly as a transition year from a very low-growth environment that is really a point off the line, certainly, from a history perspective, looking at where we've been and where we think we're going. We look at the opportunity that we have with some of the new products that we currently have in our portfolio, others that are coming into play that we think longer-term will add to the growth rate. And we don't believe that the economic environment that we live in today is the one that we're going to live in for the future, 2 , 3, 4 years out. So we do think that we're going to come back to some level of moderating demand in various markets that affords us the opportunity to grow somewhere closer to that 7%, 8% top line as we exit this year and move into next year. So we believe that there's incremental application opportunities for these products, maybe in clinical. We look at the biologically synthesized drugs in the drug pipeline, and think that there's opportunities to, perhaps, overtime introduce mass spectrometry into the QA/QC applications, new food safety opportunities in the States. So there's a myriad of both potential market opportunities that we think longer term allows us to get back to those 7%, 8% top line-type growth numbers that typically have leverage to about 15% growth in earnings.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. We think pretty clearly that we're coming off a period of -- at least a year, maybe longer than that -- of some of the toughest macroeconomic conditions and some things that disproportionately hurt areas in our sweet spot. We just talked a lot about India, and India alone has cost us several points of growth in the last 1.5 years. So it's easy to kind of look at the well you're down at any particular point, and think the future's always going to kind of mimic that position. We think that for the most part, we're going to be coming out of these tougher market conditions and going into a more normal position, particularly more normal in some of our sweet customer spots.
Operator: Our next question does come from Dan Leonard of Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Question on the gross margin guidance. Is there anything happening in the gross margin line besides foreign currency? I just would have thought that there would have been some more leverage off of a 5% organic growth expectation on the gross margin line.
John A. Ornell: Yes, that's a good question. And there is one other item that we've highlighted, and that is, is that this year, we're beginning to ship the -- some of the fuller capabilities of our UNIFI software platform, and that is triggering the beginnings of meaningful amortization of capitalized software. So this year, we have about a $10 million to $11 million increment in costs associated with that amortization that's impacting the gross margins as well. Because, otherwise, we would have seen a little bit less of an impact overall in the margin. So between that $11 million and a very unfavorable yen, they combined to provide what's there on -- what I've described.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That is a non-cash charge, but it still is reflected in our non-GAAP earnings.
John A. Ornell: Right, non-GAAP results. Right.
Operator: Our next question does come from Doug Schenkel of Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering what levers are available for you to pull at the operating line if things get off to a slower-than-expected start this year? I mean, I guess, I'm just thinking about SG&A as a percentage of sales being down about 180 basis points versus where you were into 2009. The rate of growth in R&D spend really moderated in 2012. You just talked about your longer-term expectations of 7% to 8% top line growth in response to Tim's questions. I guess I'm just wondering how much more you'd be willing to cut in 2013 if you get off to a slower-than-expected start out of the gates. And then conversely, are there areas you've identified where you'd really like to pick up the pace of investment if the year gets off to a better-than-expected start?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think -- let me say, Doug, that we have some ability to moderate our spending plans in the face of somewhat weaker conditions. I wouldn't have you believe that we can cut expenses dramatically in the face of a very significant shortfall on revenues. That's why we have looked very hard at our plan for revenue growth, and believe that we can get there because, of course, our spending plans have triggered off that revenue estimate. But we have some flexibility. We have some minor headcount plans, and we have compensation plans that can be tweaked to make up for some reduction. It would take a longer term -- if we see that the longer-term is more unfavorable than we currently believe, that would take us really considering changing the structure of our business. It's doable, but it would take a belief that we don't have right now about the longer-term health of our end markets and we think -- well, it's conceivable that it starts a little bit slower, we don't think that that's what we have in mind for the full year 2013. So -- and is there -- was there another part to...
John A. Ornell: Yes, areas that we might invest in. Was that the other piece, Doug?
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: That's right, John.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, we've never -- let me restate it. We think that we're investing at the proper pace, given the projects and the opportunities that we have and we don't -- we haven't cut out major projects in R&D in order to protect the bottom line. So within the normal give and take of projects and criticisms of plans and plans that are ahead of schedule and a few that are behind, we're reasonably happy with the mix of programs that we have. I wouldn't say really that if we had an extra $5 million to spend, there's something that crawls up onto the A list. I think we're pretty happy with what we've got going and yes, I suppose you could always use an extra $0.5 million or so. We're in pretty good shape.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick one and then I'll get back in the queue. A quick one for John. Did you provide guidance specifically on your expectation for instrument versus recurring revenue growth this year? And if you did, I apologize for missing it. If not, would you provide that?
John A. Ornell: Yes, I'd say you've seen relatively consistent growth in service and chemistry revenues across this year, being a very difficult year. So we see that pace continuing. So something in the kind of the 7%-ish range, all in, for those couple of businesses seems reasonable. And then the instrument piece maybe starts off just slightly slower at the start of the year, but for the full year is somewhere around kind of 3%, I would say.
Operator: Our next question does come from Paul Knight of CLSA.
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: On the food safety testing market that you mentioned was stronger, do you think that's due to the 2 rules out for review on the Food Safety Act? Or is it kind of business growth as usual and we might see acceleration later?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I don't think we've seen anything really coming out of the act yet, Paul. The -- it's still in its infancy, really, and it might be that in the end, it directs more towards imports and it has an effect outside of the U.S. as much as inside. So I think the full effect of that's going to come in the future. I don't think we've seen much impact of it so far.
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Were you able to quantify how much food safety is of sales?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm sorry, how much food safety is...
John A. Ornell: What percent?
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Do you think food safety's 5%, 10% or what percent of sales?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It's about 6% or 7% of sales.
Operator: Our next question does come from Ross Muken of ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So I have 2 quick things. So one on the instrument line. The 3% number that you threw out there, John, basically sort of offset the weakness from this year and so, ultimately, the business would not be growing very much since '11. And so, I guess, you look back historically, most times over the course of the cycle, where you've kind of had a pull back in CapEx, we've sort of seen a reasonable recovery on that line in the following year. So I guess, what, other than sort of the macro, would make that not be true this time around, particularly given some of the comps you have on the generics business, which I'm assuming accounted for a decent amount of the weakness?
John A. Ornell: That is a good question, Ross, and I'll say there is potentially some level of optimism that could suggest that that turns out to be the case. I think, though, that as we start the year and think about a -- hopefully something, leaning towards conservative view of the world, coming up with a growth rate that really just brings us back to flat is probably a realistic point of view that maybe has a little more upside than down as the year goes on. But I think just from creating guidance and trying to provide a little more pleasure than pain when doing that, we just felt uncomfortable, suggesting that we were just going to bounce back all in the course of 1 year to do exactly what you're describing. I agree, if you look back historically at times when it's been tougher, almost always, the next year bounce back -- bounces back pretty meaningfully. But we're going to leave that potential as upside, and hopefully paint a view here that feels very realistic to begin the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: And Ross, I think it's also true that as you go down our organization, right down to the field level, you'll see much more of that attitude reflected in their expectations, and what they're driving to, that there's really a point of view that says this year could be significantly better. But when you roll it up through the levels of review and you look at the issues from macroeconomic disappointment, I agree with John. It's more prudent to enter the year on a more cautious plan than have to really gear it down later on.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, what was contemplated in the guidance for kind of the macro acceleration? The market as a whole seems a lot more optimistic, and you can argue we've gone through these the last few years. But I think there's some reasons to believe as long as you're up, sort of stabilized and China accelerates, we will see a better CapEx environment. So I guess, what did you actually factor into that forecast? Is it sort of 1Q trends and then a modest amount of improvement? I'm just trying to get the sense for how much...
John A. Ornell: I mean, we're basically saying that Q1 looks kind of like the last 4 quarters that we've seen, really not a lot of improvement coming right out of the gate. But I think it's fair to say that we think on the CapEx side, when you look at instruments, people will begin to feel better about spending capital as demand maybe improves a bit within their business, and maybe we see GDP in various regions of the world pick up a point or 1.5 points as the year goes on and we begin to see people feel better about spending CapEx. As we look at the operating side of what people do, we've seen relatively decent growth in our recurring revenues. We think that continues. It's the willingness of people to -- our customers to spend capital and we think that that gets incrementally better as we make our way through the quarters, but we're not factoring in getting back to normal, I guess, on that front.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It's definitely true that one of the areas that we're most challenged on in 2012 was the industrial segment of the marketplace, particularly, industrial chemical firms, and that was true worldwide. Certainly, there's a case to be made for that segment of the marketplace to be stronger, and we also think we've got some dynamite systems coming onstream this year that addresses those customer needs. So if you compound that good feeling, you can get more enthusiastic than what we're willing to commit to now. But we're coming off a disappointing period, and it's still, I think, right to be more cautious at this point in the game.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Fine. One last thing. Just, John, remind me, the comp in India in Q1 versus what we just saw in Q4, how much easier is that?
John A. Ornell: Yes, it was down meaningfully in Q1 last year. I don't have that specific number right in front of me, Ross, but the comp is definitely easier in Q1 than it was in Q4, and we're somewhat optimistic that we're starting off a bit better as we look at India coming out of the gate.
Operator: Our next question does come from Derik De Bruin of Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So could you just talk a little bit about the differences you saw in U.S. versus European pharma in the quarter? Also, just U.S. and European academic. And what, if anything, did you get from a budget flush this quarter?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: John, you want to...
John A. Ornell: Yes. Large pharma -- as we saw in Q3, the large pharma actually did better in Europe than they did in the states. We continue to see a little bit of bias at some of these accounts to spend money in Europe. So it was a little bit of a continuation of that trend. But I'd say between the two, we're not dramatically off from original expectation, and I wouldn't draw the long-term conclusion from what we've seen there. But overall, large pharma did about what we thought, but was, again, bias to Europe. I'd say government and academic really probably continues to do just a little better than we think, than we originally had thought. We really don't see these markets reacting dramatically to the fear of major budget cuts. I mean, when and if they come, and I'm sure we'll see them and life will be different. Fortunately, as you know, our exposure there isn't as great as it is in the space. But we really haven't seen any major reaction in government academic accounts at this stage that would suggest that they're acting ahead of time to cuts that may be coming their way.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just one quick question, on the UNIFI system that you're launching. Can you just give us a recap on where you sort of are on the broad of that? And the -- obviously, you're capitalizing a lot of the software this year. But could you just give us a recap on that program, and what do you -- I mean, how do you think you see it driving growth?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I mean, as most everybody knows, UNIFI is really the culmination of a multi-year effort on our part that really brings all of the disparate software systems that we had in place under one operating system that we, of course, called UNIFI. This was a huge program, and we chose to introduce elements of it earlier. The first elements went in earlier last year with specific systems, particularly bioanalytical software. As we go through this year and into next year, we're really bringing the full chromatography and mass spectrometry elements of this system to the marketplace. So because only very small portions of it were introduced last year, you didn't see the full elements of the financial amortization. This year, as it comes into play, you're going to see that come through the P&L. I will say this is another area where I think we're being conservative in terms of the effect on our overall business because this is a major change in the facility of this software into our customers' applications, and we think, over time, this is going to have a dramatic impact and improvement. We're being cautious, once again, I think, about the early uptake and how it affects our business. But that's why you're seeing this come in a more significant amortization mode as we enter 2013.
Operator: Our next question does come from Peter Lawson of Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Doug, just on India, what are the signs you're seeing for a better India, you think, for 2013?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we're seeing earlier orders activity come to fruition, Peter. We continue to see -- to talk to these customers and to hear their plans, and they continue to be aggressive plans. So we see nothing that says -- if anything, here is one specific area where we think there's pent-up replacement [indiscernible] restrained activity in the past that should manifest itself in higher activities going forward. So in both the generic and in the food area, we're seeing much interest, much quote activity, and we've always believed that this market really is committed to the long-term servicing of the generic drug business, and see nothing that's going to move them on. As they come through this period, they'll resolve the currency issues. They're resolving the regulatory issues, and I think they're ready to move ahead.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And you don't think there could be any share losses during this period for you?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm always unwilling to speak definitively about short-term market share dynamics, but India's one market where all of the equipment really comes in from outside the country, and that data is all public. So we monitor that kind of data, and see no fundamental changes in market share going on in our chromatography world.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And just one last question for John around the uptick in R&D in the quarter. I may have missed this. Is that just associated with the U.K. mass spectrometry coming online, and does that carry through for 2013?
John A. Ornell: Yes, we have a lot of projects spent, and the project activities can move the needle in R&D a few points one way or the other. We've got the new UltraPerformance systems that are taking a little bit more effort in R&D. But I would say that, generally, it's project spent that can be lumpy quarter-by-quarter. Convergence chromatography is the product that we've traditionally spent some R&D dollars on. And we have a host of new products that we'll talk about as the year goes on that we're readying right now for Pittcon and in ASMS that are in a stage now that requires a bit more project spend as well. So it tends to be a little bit lumpy. I wouldn't draw that -- take that 5% and suggest that that's what it has to be into the next 4 quarters, but I'm comfortable thinking the expenses there is in that 3% to 4% growth range that I described earlier.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: But that's a little bit higher in 1Q. I guess that flows over into 1Q.
John A. Ornell: A little bit. The other thing to think about there is the British pound. There is some amount of translation that occurs there so you got to keep an eye on that. I don't know that it was a major impact in Q4, but we do have probably 1/4 to 1/3 of our spend that is in Manchester U.K. that does impact that line too.
Operator: Dan Arias of UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just on China, it sounds like things are continuing to be pretty strong there. Can you just touch on demand with respect to life sciences versus more industrially-focused work? How do things look there when you parse those 2 applications out?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, sure. China, interestingly enough, is a pretty balanced market for us. Whereas India is heavily weighted towards generics, China is more balanced between pharma, bio pharm, food and industrial. And our results in China have been strong in all of those, in both the overall pharmaceutical market and the applied segments. So we continue to see just very good growth across those segments.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just a question on chemistry. Doug, you talked about the potential for some new LC introductions later this year. So I guess, how important is new column development to grow for you guys? And to the extent that maybe you do bring some new chemistries to market, should we think about there being any margin benefit to those aimed at more protein-based work? Or is that not really something that impacts profitability?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, chemistry is a very profitable segment of our business so it's always something that's worth noting. I do think that there's no significant platform introduction of a new chemistry this year. There are subsegments of our chemistry line, certainly, in our new UPC2 technology, and we have some new offerings in the life science arena, particularly dealing with peptides. There are probably things you'd consider niche offerings. Our whole chemistry line to some extent is made up of a bunch of profitable niches, so it's wrapped up in the numbers that John talked about. I don't think that I'd point you towards anything that's likely to move that needle tremendously in the chemistry area. It's the kind of thing where you wake up 2 or 3 years down the road and you've got a new $10 million or $15 million platform, but it takes a while to build.
Operator: Our next question does come from Tycho Peterson of JPMC.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. I wanted to go back to the comments you made earlier on the academic markets. You talked about them being fairly stable here. I know in the past, you've recently talked about potentially some share gains at the high end of the market, in particular, within this triple quad business. So in your assumptions here, are you factoring in some share shift? Or is it just more of general stability in the end markets?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Tycho, in the triple quad area, that's not typically the academic market. I mean, we're talking about the pharmaceutical and the applied markets that's the biggest segment for the tandem quadrupoles. The government and the university market tends to be more of the high-end top business that we're doing there, so...
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. Are you factoring share gains there though?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think 2012 in that high-end mass spec area was a tough time for us. We see that moderating a little bit in the fourth quarter and we think that that's a better place in 2013. Again, share gains are something that it's awfully fluid, but I think we're more confident about our business position and positive results in 2013 than we saw in 2012.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then on Japan, you talked about expecting a rebound there, I think, in part driven by currency. Can you just talk to the budget dynamics there? Obviously, in the March fiscal year, do you expect some budget flush this quarter? And do you expect any change in the academic funding environment there, post-March?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I would say we see -- we anticipate consistent dynamics against what happened in the prior year happening this year, but that's not for a robust growth in Japan. We do think that, consistent with the better economic expectations for the industrial markets, Japan has a significant industrial segment of the market. So as that becomes more competitive, we think that we'll do better. John, did you want to add anything to that?
John A. Ornell: Yes, from the review that we had on Japan, I would say that the likely scenario is that we see a little bit better government budget in Qs 2 through 4 as they enter the next plan year, but nothing that moves us more than 1% in growth. So I mean we're looking at a business that might go from kind of flattish to up 1% or 2%. A lot of that's really just based on comparison.
Operator: Next question does come from Jon Groberg of Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Just a quick question for me, either John or Doug, on this -- I want to make sure [indiscernible]. On the tax kind of restructuring that you announced, does that have any impact in your ability to repatriate cash and be more aggressive on your buyback?
John A. Ornell: No, unfortunately, this was a Europe restructuring. And while it creates some efficiency there and allows us to prevent tax payments from going up over the next 10 years, it doesn't have any bearing on the repatriation.
Operator: Our next question does come from Sung Ji Nam of Cantor.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: I just have a one quick one. Could you -- John, you talked about incremental growth opportunities in clinical diagnostics. Could you maybe talk about kind of what you're strategies are near-term and what your competitive advantages might be compared to others in this market?
John A. Ornell: Well, I would say -- we were talking earlier about the tandem quadrupole. That is an instrument that does fit nicely into this space. So I think we do currently have a very high performance offering out there. We've got a decent footprint that exists in that space. We have a crew here that are looking at potential incremental opportunities on that front. So I would say it is a sector we pay attention to. I think over the long run, there will be some interesting niche opportunities for mass spectrometry to do things that, today -- what chemistry tests are either inefficient or you have to wait too long for the answer. And we'll find some interesting applications over a longer period of time, and we continue to invest in that and think that we have a great offering and continue to -- we'll continue to deploy it this year and beyond.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we're very optimistic about it. We had a good end of the year in our clinical business, and that might be one area where we see some unlooked for upside in 2013. We've got a lot of interest going using these new technologies in a clinical testing area, and we think that has a robust future. All right, operator, I think at this point, it's appropriate to bring it to a close.
Operator: Thank you. Today's conference has ended. All participants may disconnect at this time.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, all, and I look forward to talking to you again next quarter.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John A. Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration Arthur G. Caputo - Executive Vice President and President of the Waters Division
Analysts: Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, and good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call, as is usual, is John Ornell, the Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, Vice President of Investor Relations. And as is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's results. John will follow with details of our financials and provide you with our outlook for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q4 2012. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions, and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 in Part I under the caption Business Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release conference call and webcast is currently planned for January 2013. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to our company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those listed in our schedule, entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share, included in this morning's press release.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, our third quarter in total was much like we saw in the first half of 2012. Constant currency sales were up about 2% in the quarter, and within the range that we had discussed 3 months ago. Looking at our results by customer category, we also saw a general continuation of first half trends with pharmaceutical end markets delivering more stable growth in an otherwise challenging demand environment. In the third quarter, there was a more pronounced spread in our geographically defined segments, with Asia delivering relatively strong revenue growth with more constrained demand in the U.S. than we had earlier anticipated. Throughout the quarter, we focused our field organizations towards promoting the superior value of Waters' offering in order to maintain a disciplined pricing strategy, and at the same time, we've closely monitored our expenses. These steps, in combination with the continuation of our share repurchase program, allowed us to grow our adjusted earnings per share despite the demand and currency headwinds we encountered in the quarter. As in prior periods of economic pressure, our recurring revenue, the combination of our service and chemical consumables product lines, stabilized our overall business performance, and in the third quarter solid growth for these recurring lines largely offset a modest decline in instrument system sales. In general, order flow through the quarter did not suggest an overall weakening or strengthening of demand as we approach the fourth quarter. Looking at the quarter's performance for the Waters division geographically, China was the engine of our Asian growth in the quarter, and we saw nice increases in all segments of our business there. General concerns that we have recently heard regarding a slowing of economic growth in China are not apparent in our third quarter results or in the outlook that we have in the fourth quarter. Our business in Japan declined modestly in constant currency terms, with strength in life science segments offsetting most of the weaknesses in the chemicals sector. India continued to be problematic for us in the quarter, and performed similarly as it had earlier in the year with a weak local currency and cautious customer base delaying instrument purchases in spite of what we see as increasing drug production requirements. We are hopeful that growth in India will show some improvement as we close out this calendar year. North American demand was weaker than we had hoped for and the slowness that we saw spanned across just about all customer groups. The deceleration from our second quarter's results indicates to us a more cautious and constrained capital spending environment, resulting in more sporadic ordering patterns. At this point, we feel that demand will moderately improve in the fourth quarter to a more positive result, and believe that there are capital budgets that will be deployed in the closing months of the year. Our European business held up reasonably well in the quarter, especially in light of the macro concerns that dominate the news these days. Pharma was strong in the quarter, and even the more economically sensitive industrial segments performed pretty well. Government and academic spending was under pressure, but do not account for a large proportion of our European sales. Positive global pharmaceutical demand in the quarter was weighted towards instruments for late development and quality control applications, and we saw a generally solid demand for services in chemistry. Demand for products supporting small molecule therapies seemed to hold up better than for biopharmaceuticals, all suggesting more conservative capital spending plans. We are encouraged to see that our ACQUITY H-Class system continued to move into quality control applications, as this continues to represent a large upgrade opportunity for us. Our business with ethical and generic firms was more robust in the quarter than for biotechnology-focused companies and CROs. It's interesting to note that the overall growth in the generic business is, in spite of the declines previously noted in India, a business dominated by generic manufacturing demand. As we saw last quarter, the combination of government and university shipments grew moderately for the Waters division. The growth was geographically variable, with Japan and Asia posting double-digit increases, while North America and Europe were under pressure. In general, governmental spending was stronger than academic, and in particular, we saw a heavy demand for food safety applications from governmental agencies in China. Looking outside our life science end markets and for the Waters division, demand from industrial chemical customers, those working in companies involved with the development and manufacture of fine chemicals or energy production, was weak in the quarter, with product shipments declining modestly in comparison to last year, but sequentially fairly stable with volume in the second quarter. There is little indication that demand is likely to dramatically change in the fourth quarter. This is somewhat encouraging news for those of us who witnessed much sharper declines for these segments in the late 2008 and 2009 time frame. For applied markets, food and environmental testing, and aside from the already mentioned strong performance in food safety in China, demand in the quarter was tepid, resulting in flattish sales. We continue to believe that food applications represent a considerable growth opportunity for us in the future. Looking at TA Instruments, revenue growth moderated to a low-single-digit rate, a deceleration from growth we saw earlier in the year but, I feel, somewhat explainable, given the historic sensitivity of this business to broader economic conditions and the formidable comparison to last year's very strong results. Geographically, business growth was relatively balanced in light of last year's quarterly comparisons. And from a product perspective, weaker thermal shipments were offset by nicely growing biocalorimetry and high temperature systems. I'm cautiously optimistic that sales growth may pick up in the fourth quarter, as newly introduced thermal system demand is promising and as we continue to broaden our application footprint. Turning back to the Waters division and looking at product line trends. H-Class ACQUITY UPLC and Xevo tandem quadrupole-based, especially our ultrasensitive Xevo TQ-S, continue to represent strong system offerings. For our systems that include mass spectrometry capability, our quadrupole-based instruments, both high performance tandem and single quad devices, saw growth in the quarter. On the other hand, our more research-focused Tof-based technology systems were under pressure, primarily from what we view as a more constrained research spending environment in drug companies, as well as in government and university settings. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew organically at a 7% rate in the quarter, a rate that's fairly consistent with longer-term trends, and likely to continue as we close out 2012. Within our columns business, ACQUITY UPLC columns continue to represent a high-growth opportunity, and attachment to our UPLC instrument platforms appears to be holding at an impressive rate that's more than double our typical HPLC attachment rate. We expect that our ACQUITY column growth opportunity will become an increasingly important business advantage as more UPLC-based QC methodologies are deployed. Now before turning you over to John, I want to say a few words about our planning process as we approach 2013 and beyond. First, we remain focused on a product strategy that's based on driving a differentiated performance advantage. In doing so, we believe that we are uniquely capable of supporting new instruments that are performance-leading and easily used by a diverse and increasingly regulation-driven market. We view advanced software that best addresses scientific workflow as key to our competitive advantage. Accordingly, you can expect to see from us in 2013 and beyond an increasing proportion of our systems designed upon our new unified operating system, a system that will facilitate the migration of UPLC/MS technology, employing advanced separations chemistries into regulated methods. We have a rich history of new product innovation that we have effectively translated into industry-leading financial performance. To that end, an ability to modulate spending to accommodate variations in demand due to macroeconomic factors is an important consideration in our planning process. So looking at 2013, I want you to know that our intent will be to execute a business strategy that balances both the long and short-term financial performance of the company. 2012 has turned out to be a more challenging year than we originally envisioned. However, the outlook for the full year that John will be sharing with you will highlight our ability to accommodate uncertainties, and continue to leverage both our P&L and balance sheet. Now here's John with further details. John?
John A. Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Third quarter sales decreased by 1% and non-GAAP earnings per share were up 4% at $1.18 this quarter compared to earnings of $1.14 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.12 this quarter versus $1.10 last year, and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. Reviewing Q3 sales results in comparison to Q3 last year. Before foreign currency translation, sales were up a bit over 2% from prior year's third quarter. Translation reduced sales by about 3%. Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were down 4%, Europe's sales were up 4%, Japan was down 1%, and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 9%. On the product front and in constant currency within the Waters division, instrument system sales decreased by 2% and recurring revenues grew by 7% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, sales increased by 1% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q3 non-GAAP financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in at 59.4%, down somewhat from Q3 last year, principally due to foreign currency translation and sales mix. SG&A expenses were down 4% as a result of favorable foreign currency translation, tighter spending controls and lower variable compensation. R&D expenses increased by just 1% this quarter. On the tax front, a minor shift in operating profits among our legal entities raised our effective operating tax rate to about 16.5% going forward. Offsetting this in Q3 was a slight true-up of our tax accruals from final 2001 returns filed this quarter, keeping our tax rate at about 16% this period. Net interest expense was $5.9 million, and share count came in at 88.5 million shares, 3.6 million shares lower than Q3 last year as a result of our continued share repurchase programs. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1,448,000,000, and debt totaled $1,148,000,000, bringing us to a net cash position of about $300 million. As for share repurchases, we bought 800,000 shares of our common stock for $64 million. This leaves about $706 million remaining on the current authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures, plus any noncash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual non-recurring items. For Q3, free cash flow came in at $82 million after funding $26 million of CapEx. Excluded from CapEx is $9 million of capital spend associated with our new Manchester facility. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 73 days this quarter, up 2 days from Q3 last year, and inventories increased by $11 million this quarter. Overall, Q3 materialized largely as expected, with customers' continued reluctance to spend capital freely in these less certain times. At this time, we expect these more difficult conditions to remain in effect throughout the remainder of the year. A continuation of these conditions means we expect sales growth pre-currency effects to stay around 2%, and currency at today's levels will reduce sales by about 2%, bringing sales growth to around flat for the fourth quarter. Moving down the P&L for Q4. We expect gross margins to be about 60.5%. Operating expenses are expected to be down slightly from Q4 2011. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $6 million, and we expect our operating tax rate to be about 16.5%. Our fully diluted share count for Q4 is likely to be around 87.5 million shares outstanding. Rolling all of these together, we currently expect our Q4 non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $1.57 to $1.62 per share. For the full year, this would result in sales growth of about 2% pre-currency. Currency translation will reduce sales by 2%, resulting in flat sales in 2012 versus 2011. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in a range of $4.90 to $4.95. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. I think, at this point, operator, we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Muken with IS Group (sic) [ISI Group].
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So let's talk about the revenue line. Obviously, the trends you saw in the quarter were fairly consistent with what we've seen sort of in the broader market. I guess, as we think about what we saw toward the end of the quarter and through the jump off point to 4Q, I mean, what are sort of the puts and takes or sort of the opportunities and risks on either, whether it would be by segment or geography, that you sort of see? Because what I'm trying to get at is when you look at the 4Q guide, it's basically almost an acceleration, I guess, on the CapEx side of the business because you have a bit of a tougher comp, and so I'm just trying to see where you see sort of the key inflection points that kind of get us to that 2% midpoint.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Ross, I don't think we're intending to say that we're seeing a real step function in what's coming at the fourth quarter. The pattern of activity over the third quarter wasn't highly variable. It was a pretty consistent quarter. We didn't see a significant drop in demand late in the quarter, as some have talked about. Pretty consistent. Now the fourth quarter is always a big quarter. It's the biggest quarter of the year and it was, of course, last year, but we don't really see much of a change in the momentum that we're expecting in the fourth quarter. And I'd say early on, it's early on in the fourth quarter, but that's reflected in how we're seeing early on in the fourth quarter of this year.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess my point, so if you look at like the U.S., which deteriorated q-on-q, I mean, there's really no reason for that to get better. If anything, with sort of the uncertainty from the fiscal cliff, I mean, most CapEx companies are citing an assumption that, that actually gets worse. I know you have a bit of a different mix than the traditional industrial guy, but I guess, what are you sort of baking into the forecast for kind of that 4Q trend, particularly in the U.S. business?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Ross, just to embroider a little bit, when you look at our geographic segments, sometimes you have to look at specific order details that happen in the base and -- versus what we anticipate happening in this fourth quarter. In the case of the United States, for instance, the third quarter of last year had some very large orders that were unique to the third quarter and didn't repeat in the fourth quarter. We are very strongly anticipating almost a swing in that. So we'll see some large orders come in, in the U.S. in the fourth quarter this year that weren't in the fourth quarter base. So when you annualize or adjust for that, we're still seeing that the underlying trends to be essentially what we've seen in the last couple of quarters. U.S. demand, we don't expect to make a step function, but we do expect that this quarterly adjustment of these large orders will swing in the favor of the U.S. in the fourth quarter, where they swung unfavorably in the third quarter. Does that help?
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I think so. And so, I guess, I mean, if we do see a pause in the U.S. in the fourth quarter, I mean, how comfortable do you feel on the cost front? I mean, you managed costs exceptionally well in the last few quarters. How much more room do you feel like is there?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we think that our -- as you know, we don't try to empty the bucket in our forecast. We don't -- we try to strike a reasonable course, hopefully erring a little bit on the conservative side as we posture ourselves. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves on the spending line and then have to carve back dramatically. So we think as we plan for our revenue line, we hope that there are opportunities to exceed that, and so we've planned our spending accordingly. I think that probably says it as well as I could say it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Just one quick clarification and then a question for you, Doug, and I'll just ask them at the same time. So, John, on the gross margin, can you just -- it looked like mix -- since instruments were down and some of the consumables chemistry were up, I would have thought maybe mix would have been a little bit better, but you highlighted mix as one of the reasons gross margins were down. So can you maybe just talk a little bit about gross margin? And then, Doug, just wanted to clarify on the '13, maybe give a little bit color on what you mean. Is it more balanced approach? Is it you focus maybe on spending a little bit more in '13 to ensure better revenue growth in kind of the out years? Maybe just give a little bit more color as to what you meant by a more balanced approach.
John A. Ornell: Okay. Jon, on the gross margin front, starting first, looking at currency, we had a much more favorable currency environment from a gross margin perspective in the 2011 period. We had a strongly appreciating yen and a relatively weaker pound, and that is always a recipe for higher margins for this business. So against that strong base of comparison, currency translation hurt gross margins by somewhere around 50 bps. Of the remainder, somewhere around 40 bps of the difference year-over-year within the quarter is more of a product story within TA. We saw what we think is a temporary shift away from shipments of some of its higher-end products that actually created a little backlog there that we think comes back in the fourth quarter, but affected margins at TA and for the overall business in this quarter, and a higher service mix within the quarter was favorable to operating margins, but not as favorable to gross margins. So I think as we think about all of that and look at Q4, thinking about margins kind of coming back to being somewhere around 60.5% is where we are currently comfortable.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, John, as it relates to 2013, first, as I'm sure you remember, we don't provide detailed guidance until we finish the fourth quarter and have our conference call in January. So we're going to stick with that. But in terms of, perhaps, what I'm hinting at, is the most difficult time that companies like Waters and many others has in looking and planning and executing the next year is when you have a dramatic change in momentum as you exit the year. As you'll recall, in 2008, as economic conditions rapidly deteriorated, it was a year that was looking very good and most plans were anticipating pretty strong growth, and then all of a sudden, you had to dramatically react to a change in demand dynamics. We don't anticipate that for 2013, and in that sense, I think it's going to be easier to balance and to plan for the coming year. A lot of open issues, of course, for 2013, political issues, economic issues, government spending, but I think, if anything, the planning is going to be more or less on the conservative side, and potentially more opportunity for an improvement as life goes on in 2013. But for us, that means that we can focus on the things that we're good at, where we're able to produce reasonable results in that tough economic climate when we can see it -- particularly when we can see it coming at us at that rate of speed. So I think that's kind of what I mean when I say, 2013, right now, you wouldn't say that there are a tremendous amount of upside opportunities, but it's not going to be a dramatic change, and therefore, I think it's going to be easier to balance your execution next year. Does that help?
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Yes. So I recognize you weren't going to give specific guidance, but that's helpful. So it's not -- I get a few e-mails. They're just kind of comments around, is there a significant change that you're kind of posturing towards for 2013? It doesn't sound like that's the case. I think that's helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Evans with Wells Fargo.
Timothy C. Evans - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was hoping maybe you can make some comments on pricing across your various product lines.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I would say, with very few exceptions, our pricing has held up across the board. There's nothing in these results that you should interpret as significant price pressures entering into the competitive equation. We have nothing in our gross margin analysis that reflects any significant price concessions, and we don't believe that we stand to gain a whole lot by adjusting our pricing mechanisms, and in particular, places where we have seen weaknesses this quarter, we can't find any lost business because of price. We frankly don't see a whole lot of business being lost to competition that we didn't have in previous quarters. So we don't see a lot of market share changes. It's largely -- our results are largely due to economic factors, not individual competitive factors, I would say.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to revisit the gross margin commentary. I appreciate that the year-over-year comparison was heavily influenced by foreign currency, but I wouldn't think the sequential Q2 to Q3 comparison would have been influenced by foreign currency very much at all and yet, there was a big sequential drop in margins. So I'm curious if you can offer more color into that, John. And then also, what gives you comfort that gross margins will increase sequentially at about 100 bps in the fourth quarter?
John A. Ornell: Yes, there were small differences in currency, Q2 to Q3. Sometimes, there's differences in the accounting for the value of inventory quarter-to-quarter, so it's really tough to get it down to a difference of 10 or 20 bps on the margin line. Certainly, within the quarter, what was different, though, was the product mix piece versus the year-over-year. We did not see, for example, the TA shift away from the shipments of high-end products in the quarter in Q2, so we had a very strong margin, actually, at TA there. So I would say the bigger difference, Q2 to Q3, is more of a product story than it is the currency difference. And for the fourth quarter, typically, what we see is a meaningful pick up year-over-year, really associated with volume leverage of the manufacturing organizations. So we have a relatively fixed base of manufacturing cost. We're producing more. We're getting favorable manufacturing variances on that. So if you go back in time, you'll see that Q4 traditionally has a much higher gross margin year-over-year. We're still expecting about a 40 bps decline versus history, and that's really all currency in the fourth quarter versus the prior year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: First, just a clarifying question on gross margins. John, is the 60.5% gross margin guidance for the year or for the quarter?
John A. Ornell: That's for the quarter. That would bring the year to somewhere around maybe 60.25%.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you guys have been managing spend very aggressively. Specifically, R&D spend looks to be tracking to grow at the lowest rate since 2009 this year, and SG&A, factoring in FX, is expected to decline year-over-year in 2012 for the first time since 2009. In your prepared remarks, Doug, you talked about the fact that investors should recognize that you intend to balance near and long-term interests next year. Could you specifically talk about whether or not you can maintain investment at these levels or whether you do need to catch up next year, keeping in mind that you are going to be investing for both the near term and the long term?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, sure, Doug. I think in the R&D area this year, you're probably seeing a little bit of a dynamic of some of the major spend in the software area that we've had beginning to modulate a bit as our unified platform gets completed. So you're seeing some of that gross spend dynamic in software modulated from what it was a couple of years ago. In general, I'd have you believe that our R&D spend is going to be pretty close to the sales growth. So R&D spending over a relevant period of 3 to 5 years is going to grow at about our level of sales. Now we, of course, are able to leverage our R&D spending more than some because of the high consumables rate in our business that doesn't require a high level of R&D spend to support that sales volume. So in a year where our instrument business is suffering the economic conditions that it is, it's the consumables business that's supplying the lion's share of our growth, and that's what you're seeing in that R&D versus top line growth. But long-term, I'd have you modeling R&D growth not substantially different than revenue growth.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And on the SG&A side?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm sorry, the SG&A growth long-term?
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We think that we can continue to, in a long-term sense, a 3- to 5-year period, spend SG&A at a lower rate than sales growth. We're clearly doing that this year, and that's not easy when your sales growth is under as much pressure, but -- and it's -- as I said earlier, it's easier to do when you see this coming at you, and it's not a dramatic change at the end of a quarter going into the next year. So we still feel pretty good at being able to leverage our operating income with lower SG&A spending versus sales growth. It was a challenge this year, probably a bigger challenge than it is in most years, but we achieved that, and I'll have you believe that we're going to strive to achieve that next year also.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So no change to what you guys have said over the last couple of quarters. As long as organic is or constant currency growth is in that 3% range or so next year, you can get a little bit of operating leverage without compromising the long term.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That is exactly my point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to get some color on the trends in the quarter from your large pharmaceutical customers. I know you've kind of highlighted how generics was strong, offsetting some weakness elsewhere, but could you just give us some color after -- certainly, the slow start to the year, I know last quarter, you saw a strong growth, but yet it was mostly, I think, related to the backlog that was up from Q1 to Q2. So any color on just kind of what trends you're seeing from your large pharmaceutical customers would be helpful.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. I'd say we're seeing in large pharma remarkably consistent conditions right through the year, mid-single-digit growth in that pharma category. I'd say, maybe a little bit of flavor is that we see it strongest in the small molecule Q&A area as opposed to the front end of R&D. I think that shows, to some extent, the conservatism of this customer base, focused on what they have to spend on and perhaps delaying some of the more futures. I don't know that, that's a good sign forever and ever, but I think it is something that we're seeing in our sales base, and it's been remarkably consistent, as I've said. It's -- it hasn't wavered too much, right, from the first quarter of this year, up at mid-single-digit demand pace.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just one other quick one. Just in terms of applied market trends, I know you highlighted food, which you still see as a positive long-term growth opportunity, but can you as well just kind of tease out some color there? I know last quarter, you had pointed to sustained weakness in some of the more cyclical areas, but kind of what are you seeing today? And has industrial chemical -- have those worsened? Are those performing as expected? And on the flip side, kind of environmental and food, any kind of update there will be helpful.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the industrial applications are challenged. I mean, I think across the board, the industrial customers are clearly most challenged in their performance currently. We are hearing the most concern about their near-term expectations. Certainly, we saw in TA, which is -- tends to be a harbinger of the industrial markets, that their growth modulated in the third quarter. Even though their orders rate was a little bit stronger than their flow-through rate, it was still softer in the third quarter than in the second quarter. So I think that broad-based, industrial segment is clearly not terribly robust. You saw it today. DuPont results were not great, and I think that's consistent across that large industrial category. I think in the applied markets, it's really a geography-by-geography story. China's food safety business continues to be strong. Environmental applications in China continued to look pretty good. Food applications, on the other hand, in the United States, I think still await a more rigorous regulatory climate. They passed, of course, some of the laws, but the regulations have still not really stepped up to mean that, that spending in the U.S. has gotten terribly robust. So it's largely a case-by-case. But clearly, in an environment where our instrument businesses are running flat to a little down, in the hardware sense, pharma is the biggest piece of that, it's in mid-single digits, and everything else is not terribly robust.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Doug, if we stick with industrial for a minute, in Q2, you made reference to the UPC2 raising eyebrows, I think, for industrial customers. So the question really is, despite new product introductions, does anyone really care? Or are they just so afraid of their future CapEx? And then second, could you comment on -- I guess, in Q3, there was the rollout of the G2S, and what you're seeing there?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I'll handle the UPC2, and maybe Art can just talk a little bit about the G2S. The UPC2, Tony, we are extraordinarily enthusiastic about. It's been a good product launch. But to be fair, perhaps not quite as strong on the uptake this year as we thought it might, and I do think that, that reflects to the fact that it's a new product this year. It's not in people's capital base. They didn't plan and budget for it, and I fully suspect that we're going to see a ramp function next year as those conditions change, and we've run the samples. We've got it in our demo labs. The customer reaction to this, I think, is a huge sleeper for us next year. It is something that we continued to be very optimistic on. But to be fair, it's been a little bit tougher slog this year than I thought it would because the results on the actual samples have been so good. But I think we'll continue to report on this. I'd say this is a major opportunity for us in 2013. Art, do you want to talk about G2S?
Arthur G. Caputo: Yes. Yes, the G2S has done quite well for us. It's a -- in that particular segment of high-end mass spectrometry, the key there is to continually evolve your performance. That market space is keyed into that, and the nature of that segment is that they will make investments and upgrade if they believe that the performance of the system is enabling them to produce more information, better results. We have seen that play out with this product. What plays against us somewhat is the suppressed capital expenditures we see in that segment. So we're not getting the kind of velocity that we believe that product would get where capital's more readily available, but we've had some very outstanding results with this product, particularly in metabolite ID and a lot of the important applications that we think represent the future growth opportunity for that product.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Does that cover it, Tony?
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just wanted to just continue on that mass spec line for a second, and tie in your earlier comments on price and share. Given that you said you're not seeing much in price competition and share doesn't seem like it's moved much, it's a little bit in contrast of what you said in the past about the mass spec market. So can you just talk about the competitive landscape in mass spec and tell us where you're at?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think, clearly, the mass spec market, particularly the high-end, is the most challenged in this climate. So I think we're clearly seeing the most demand pressure come in that segment. It's also heavily influenced in that high-end in the bio segment of the marketplace, and that seems to be one of the more problematic areas in those pharma applications today. So I have no question it would, say, in our hardware area, the high-end mass spec arena is the most challenging right now, but it's -- we don't see a whole lot of share movement in there. There may be a little bit of share movement. It's tough to tell on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but I think it's more macroeconomics that's affecting our business there than anything else. In the triple quad area and in the single quad area, our results have been quite nice, quite good, and no sign of dramatic price competition. We are holding our own and there's no real competitive news in that segment of the marketplace, I mean.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And, Doug, just a follow-up on Europe. Given that it grew 4% and you called out strength in pharma in 3Q, can you go into a little bit more detail regionally about the pharma strength in Europe?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I just think -- pretty much what I've said about pharma was typical in Europe, that the big pharma business was reasonably strong. It was concentrated in kind of those traditional pharma strongholds of small molecule, traditional drugs, weighted towards QA/QC applications rather than in major investments in the front end of R&D. So the normal suspects in terms of the big pharma entities in Europe were pretty good. Now 4%, I don't want anybody to think is the most robust conditions we've ever faced, but in a world of tough conditions, it was pretty consistent across the quarter.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Any regional weakness though in southern Europe that you can point to or not?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I wouldn't say of note in pharma. So if -- some of these large European and U.S. pharmaceutical companies have operations in Italy or have it in Spain. We don't notice that they're treating Southern Europe tremendously different for these large pharmaceutical companies. Certainly, local businesses and local government and university spending is affected in Southern Europe, particularly in Spain, I'd say. I wouldn't say in Italy we're seeing terribly deficient conditions, but Spain's a challenge, but not particularly in the large pharma segment. It's more in the everything else segment, I'd say.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Wood with Jeffries.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Doug, so it looks like your share repurchase pacing slowed a little bit in the third quarter from the first half. Can you give us kind of an update for the year there on the share repurchase front, and then any commentary you can offer on the change in the M&A landscape at the margin would be helpful.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. John, maybe you can just touch base on share repurchase.
John A. Ornell: Sure. On the share repurchase front, John, we had a target for the year of around 300 million. We had a kind of a front-end loading to that. So I'd say we're probably, from a full year perspective, just about on target to get to that 300 million. So it's a little bit stronger in the first half than the second, but it gives us a little bit of an advantage on the weighted share count to do it that way.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: And, John, on the M&A front, I'd say there's not much news from our perspective. We continue to look at several things in the TA portfolio that offer opportunities to fill it out. Those are not meant to be huge opportunities. And then our more mainstream or in something orthogonal to what we do, we don't see anything that should pique your interest on the horizon.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: All right, great. One follow-up. Doug, in a prior comment, you talked about some software-related spending moderating, but I think, if I'm not mistaken, you've got a pretty material step-up in amortization on the internal software side next year. Is that a true net event in the P&L? Or is there an offset somewhere in terms of lower spending to implement that?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think, true, as we launch new unified products, you're absolutely right that some of the spending for the development of software gets deferred and then amortized as cost of sales when you sell that software, and we'll be selling more of that software as unified started to get launched this year, and gets launched faster next year. But the revenue goes up as those products come on and the revenue is incremental.
John A. Ornell: Right.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: So we don't see the gross margin as being substantially challenged by that.
John A. Ornell: The dollars of gross margin -- we could have a little bit of a...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Right.
John A. Ornell: Depressant on gross margin percentage early on while we're ramping it, but certainly, the dollars should be covered in incremental sales.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: So we don't think it's going to be a material -- something that you will notice in a material sense.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Doug, I was hoping that you or John could maybe just sort of put a little more color around your assumptions on the U.S. improving in the fourth quarter, and the reason I asked is, obviously, all the checks we've done, you would suggest that there's a heightened level of uncertainty around budgeting, and so one of the first things that often goes is capital equipment. So if you kind of compare this year's outlook for fourth quarter, at least in some of these academic and pharmaceutical end markets to this year, if you can you put some more colors on why you're so confident. Beyond just a couple of large orders, why North America should improve sequentially.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, John, you want to handle some details? And if you need more color, I'll...
John A. Ornell: Sure. Yes, I think as we think about the fourth quarter and look at the various markets, as Doug had said, there was a little bit of a blip in the base quarter in the U.S. in Q3 last year that maybe gave a little different impression on the underlying run rate for the U.S. than what we see in the order rate. But that being said, I would tell you that as we think about Q4 and we look at a 2% expected organic growth rate, we're looking at relatively a flattish performance from many of the developed economies in the world. So U.S., Europe, Japan are all expected to be somewhat flattish in that performance, and the expectation for ROW, Asia, maybe some of Eastern Europe economies are likely to continue to grow at a high-single-digit rate. And so we're not -- we're really not expecting a dramatic change when you think about the developed world in sum total. So I think the U.S. versus Europe dynamic, we're not expecting Europe to continue at 4, but we're not expecting the U.S. to continue at minus 4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMC.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to go back to some of the comments you made earlier on pricing and market dynamics. And it sounds like you're not losing a lot of share here, but I'm wondering, in light of the numbers we've seen within the industry, if you can talk about what you think the underlying growth in the mass spec market is today. And do you see that potentially changing, in other words, accelerating as we move more to diagnostics and some additional applied markets?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I think, overall, the mass spec piece of the market is the most challenged right now, and if you're thinking about -- you look across all of us, you're talking low-single-digit growth and probably, the hardware piece is even softer than that across the industry. Of that kind of flattish revenue growth dynamic, Tycho, mass spec, I think, is weaker than HPLC. So I think the marketplace is, this year, down a little bit in the -- just the mass spec piece. Now it's -- you got LC/MS, and you've got overlaps between what the dynamic is in just the MS piece of the market. But clearly, to the extent that you can isolate those factors, they are higher dollar purchases. Capital spending is more restrained in those higher dollar items. They're not used as much in QC, which are much more resistant to growth. They're more in the discovery segment that people can control a little bit more. So all of those factors say mass spec is more challenged than the LC piece. The LC piece certainly has more service and consumables elements to it, and I think we're seeing that. On the other hand, I think the most challenged is the high-end research-grade instruments. I think that piece of the segment is most challenged. The triple quad into drug metabolism studies, the single quads are less challenged, and that's where we're seeing the best performance.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe a quick follow-up for John on margins. As we think about gross margins over the next couple of years, are there obvious levers that you can pull? I mean, we're modeling about 20 bps of margin improvement going out the next couple of years per year. Can you just talk us through where you are in the manufacturing transitions? And are there other obvious levers on the gross margin side that we could be thinking about?
John A. Ornell: Sure. I think as we look at major product transfers and movement of production into Singapore and into Ireland, for the most part, the large amount -- the large transfers of those newer products is principally done. Over time, sure, there'll be -- incremental products will make their way into some of these lower-cost areas, but I would say that it's going to be a bit more of a challenge in a low-growth environment to think about leveraging manufacturing costs and providing meaningful gross margin improvement, and we -- the expectation will be to, at least, hold those gross margins. And to the extent that instruments can grow a few percent or better, then I think we're beginning to talk about a continuation of the volume leverage trends that will provide another 10 or 20 bps per year in what we believe will be a stable pricing environment, but there isn't a step function of gross margin improvement that we're looking at based on product transfers at this stage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: John, just on the U.S. business, where do you focus for growth for Q4 and 2013?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: 2000 and what, Peter?
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: For Q4 and 2013, where do you think the growth will be in that U.S. business?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We are not providing 2013 guidance, Peter. You're talking about this year, 2012?
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: I'm just -- I guess, when you look at the end markets, if you wanted to rank them, where would you be focusing more resources for various end markets within the U.S.?
John A. Ornell: I think, Peter, as we look at opportunities for the business, we still believe that the area of clinical diagnostics here in the States represents a meaningful opportunity. We think that the legislation that's been passed, but not enacted, in food safety is something that is likely to come to the forefront, perhaps once we get through the election cycle. So to the extent that there's legislation enacted and in place that looks like what's in the EU, I think there's a meaningful opportunity for improvement in sales into the food safety side of the business, so those are at least a couple of areas that we look at and focus on. And I would say, just the new chromatography system, UPC2, is something that is going to impact all markets, including the U.S. So I think from a new product perspective, coupled with the clinical diagnostics and the food safety, those are probably the bigger areas in the States that we look forward to growth in 2013 generally.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: But that comment, I'd suggest, Peter, is really on the margin. Our field resources and our marketing resources, well over 60% of our business is life science oriented. We're still going to focus most of those resources on pharma, CROs, biotech customers who are the main stream of our business. So yes, we have opportunities that arise differentially quarter-to-quarter, but the mass of our resources stays focused on a pretty predictable subset of customers.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And that balanced approach comment, that doesn't infer any changes in the way you're attacking various different markets.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No, I mean not -- again, we introduce a new product like UPC2. We overweight demonstration activities, and we have to move some people around our laboratories to run more demos that maybe last quarter, they were doing in a different area, but it's really kind of on the margin. That's one of the reasons why we can introduce a new technology like this, and not have to layer on huge amounts of new resource. We can just move them, and then the next quarter, they'll kind of move off that a little bit and move into another area. So it's largely -- still most of their activity is focused in very traditional areas, calling on customers that we don't think are going away. They may have reduced their capital spending somewhat this year, but we've seen this dynamic year over 30 years, and they're not going away. And in all likelihood, they'll be back spending at a more regular pace as we go through future quarters, and we need to pay the same amount of attention to them quarter-after-quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sung Ji Nam with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Just was wondering if you could give an update on the I-Class since H-Class doing well, and it sounds like there's good demand potentially for UPC2 going forward. But just curious as to -- is all the UPLC that's being placed, going forward, going to be I-Class? Or just kind of curious just if you could provide more color there.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, sure. Art's right here. I'm sure he'd be delighted to talk about the I-Class.
Arthur G. Caputo: Yes, the I-Class, as we've spoken in the past, is largely focused into the use with high-end mass spectrometry. It provides the optimum separating power and performance that gives it the leverage in those research-type applications. The I-Class represents the top of the food chain amongst our entire ACQUITY line. So this product, which was rolled out roughly 1 year or more ago, has actually done quite well. It has basically enabled us to cover a broad range of UPLC utilization across the market space. We find the I-Class centers in as a very high-performance UPLC system for general applications and research, as I mentioned, largely on the front end of mass spectrometry. And as you move downstream into the development and routine areas, it speeds the method development and the process that enables you to now utilize the H-Class, which we find now going more and more into the development and quality control applications. So it's a great compliment. It fills a very important part of the cycle as we move the market space more and more into the UPLC capability region, and in all is doing quite well, and we've yet to see any competitive product that approaches its capability in that -- in the region of UPLC.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of quick ones. John, when we look at the 16.5% tax rate, is that something we should think about carrying forward?
John A. Ornell: Yes, I'd say at this stage, as we look at the production of products around the world, which really drives this rate, we're pretty comfortable that what we see for a mix right now was likely to be consistent with the mix that we're beginning to look at for next year. So I, right now, would anticipate that, that rate would hold as we think about 2012.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and just -- if we assume that your currencies is where they are today, sort of like stabilized, and we don't get any real changes for next -- going into next year, is FX a help or a hurt to the gross -- to the overall margin of the company?
John A. Ornell: I'd say, right now, I mean, that rate has certainly gone up and down. I think it's getting to be something relatively neutral at levels where it exists today. I'd have to do some analysis to completely prove that, but I wouldn't think that FX from a sales perspective or even from a contribution perspective is going to be a meaningful piece of the overall earnings picture next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You guys mentioned better demand for small molecule focuses this quarter, so I guess, can you comment on budgets in biotech, maybe particularly with respect to smaller companies, where cash is obviously a bit more of a concern?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think our performance this quarter was less robust in that biotech segment of the marketplace, as well as in the biomolecules segment of the traditional pharma business. We don't think that, that's a long-term market dynamic. Almost all of big pharma is kind of torqueing their businesses around to focus more on biopharmaceuticals rather than the more traditional small molecule drug marketplace. What we do think we see in this kind of period when there are clearly capital controls on, the thing that you can cut back on is the new stuff and the new stuff is bio. So -- and you can't cut back on worn-out instruments that are controlling production of the old drugs. So in macro terms, we think that's really what you're seeing kind of in the near-term. Over the long term, and I think that you'll see this in 2013, the bio segment, including the smaller bio markets, are likely to come back into the picture and be a more traditional piece of the pharma marketplace.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And can I just ask quickly for you to remind us how much of your business is food safety at this point?
John A. Ornell: Somewhere around 6%, 7%, something like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - Cleveland Research Company: Just given lots of talk on the mass spec market, I was wondering if you could provide some commentary on how you guys see the liquid chromatography market these days. And then secondly, any expectations you guys have for a budget flush in the fourth quarter?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I think, as -- everything in the hardware area and the life science market, I think the hardware business for chromatography is pretty flat right now. It's a little bit stronger than the mass spec piece of the marketplace, but I'd say that's a characterization of the global marketplace, strongest in China, strongest in traditional pharma applications, as I've said. I don't think that there's any indication of significant market share moves in this climate. We don't see it. We don't see major lost business or gained business. Times like this, it's awfully difficult, I think, to see any kind of significant market share move. In times of low demand, people tend to stick with what they've done. As things change or get a little bit more robust, I think you can look for a little bit more swings to new products and new dynamics, but I'd say there's not much change in the liquid chromatography market. Boy, maybe on the fringe there's some, but we can't see it.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Elliott with Robert W. Baird.
Jeffrey T. Elliott - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: You talked about strength in the generic customer base despite some challenges in India. I'm just kind of curious, what's going on there? What's driving the strength among the generics manufacturers?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think what's going on in generics is what you'd almost expect in India. That's one reason why we think it's inevitable for India to come back, because the generic marketplace is growing pretty robustly as ethical pharmaceuticals come off patent, and you're still seeing the business grow for something like LIPITOR that just recently came off patent and has now substantially gone generic. So the long-term flow of products into the generic market, I think, is unquestioned. What you're seeing is a specific dynamic in India with the rupee being very weak, with government policies in India not being terribly clear. So generic companies and regulatory snafus in Italy [ph] among some of the generic companies causing individual problems. So we think that's limited to India, but almost everywhere else, the generic business is pretty robust. So I think you're going to see India return. Whether it's 1 quarter out or 2 quarters out remains to be seen, but other than that, I think the conditions are still very good for the whole class of generic drug manufacturers.
Operator: Okay, we have no one left in the queue at this point.
Unknown Executive: Good.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Very good. Well, thank you, all, for being with us. We look forward to updating you on our next conference call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John A. Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, the Waters Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters division; and Gene Cassis, Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's results, and John will follow with details of our financials and provide you with our outlook for the third quarter of 2012 and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q3 and full year 2012. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, in part one under the caption Business Risks, factors and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement result except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 2012. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to our company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer you to pro forma results, which is excluding impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income for Diluted Share, included in this morning's press release. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, overall the second quarter's organic results were close to our original estimates, but they do suggest that we have a need for a moderately higher level of caution, as we look into the second half of 2012. The second quarter started up positively for us, as most orders that we had identified as delayed in the first quarter were booked in April and as business momentum initially improved in India with the issuance of new capital budgets. In May, we had a strong presence at ASMS, where our new products were well received and where we felt encouraged that demand for research-focused instrumentation might hold up better than expected, this despite heavily publicized concerns that academic and government budgets were under pressure. On the other hand, as the quarter unfolded, we began to see general economic conditions weaken in Europe and in some Asian countries. The value of the euro and the rupee fell from levels that we saw in April. And it seems as if the approval processes for instrument purchases in nearly all of our larger accounts were dragging on a little longer than anticipated. In general, a greater level of conservatism was marginally impacting demand across almost all of our end markets. Consequently, our orders and shipments in the second quarter came in a little lighter than we had hoped, and our current outlook for sales growth in the remainder of the year is accordingly tempered to account for market uncertainties. Fortunately, we ended the quarter with a conservative spending plan and throughout the quarter, tightly controlled our spending while maintaining disciplined pricing policies. Flexibility of our business model allowed us to deliver operating leverage despite a foreign exchange headwind and lower-than-anticipated shipment volume. All in, we managed to deliver adjusted 8% EPS growth on sales that grew organically at about 4.5% and at 1% after foreign currency translation. For the Waters division and geographically, Asian markets outside of China and Japan were weaker than we had expected, as industrial, chemical and applied market segments declined in the quarter. Shipments in India were slightly down year-over-year, as ordering delays seem to materialize with the weakening of the local currency. Our business in China held up well with sales up in the double-digit rate in the quarter and with all major customer segments delivering consistent growth. Developing markets in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Latin America also were under pressure during the quarter and adversely impacted the division's overall sales growth. In these regions, nonlife science applications were most negatively affected. Our business in the U.S. held up well in the quarter, as strong pharmaceutical, governmental and academic sales offset weakening demand from chemical segment. Pharmaceutical instrument sales benefited from continued strong uptake of ACQUITY H-Class, while the nonprofit end market growth can be attributed to research mass spec shipments. Pharmaceutical segment sales in Western Europe were also fairly strong, although government and academic spending was under pressure. All in and despite all the negative news coming out of Europe, the outlook there may not be so grim for the second half of the year given Waters' exposure to the more stable pharmaceutical base. Waters division constant currency sales in Japan were about flat in the quarter, with strong pharmaceutical sales offset by weak chemical analysis results, a recurring theme as we look at our business geographically. Looking more closely at pharmaceutical sales, outside of India, most regions experienced robust growth in the quarter with sales in the U.S., Japan, Europe and China all contributing at levels above the company's overall growth rate. As we've seen in recent quarters, the lion's share of increased sales was from specialty, generic and CROs and not from our larger accounts. For our largest pharmaceutical customers, we did see sequential as well as year-over-year sales growth. However, just about all of this growth can be attributed to business that moved from the first into the second quarter's results. And speaking with these customers, we know that some planned spending has been pushed to the second half but also feel recent announcements concerning the relocation of major research facilities accompanied by continuing project streamlining programs may further hamper growth at certain large accounts. Combination of government and university shipments grew moderately for this division. The growth was geographically variable, with the U.S. and Asia posting double-digit increases, Japan flattish and most of the rest of the world, significant declines. As I had mentioned earlier, high-end mass spec sales significantly account for the positive results in the U.S., where both government and academic labs delivered strong performance. While we remain cautious on the sustainability of growth from nonprofit customers, we remain encouraged by researchers' responses to new instrument offerings that we introduced at ASMS. Looking outside our life science end markets and for the Waters division, I think it's interesting to note that following the deep recession we all experienced in late 2008 and through 2009, sales growth from our industrial, chemical and applied markets generally have been accretive to our quarterly and full year results. However, this trend changed in the second quarter of this year, and with the exception of our business in China, most regions saw declines. The applied markets, namely the combination of food and environmental customer sets, have always been somewhat lumpy and have enjoyed surges in growth when new regulations were passed or when an unfortunate contamination issue surfaced. We saw that during the baby formula issue in China a couple of years ago. In the second quarter, these applied markets were weaker, and at this point, we feel that it's a temporary pause in growth, as we continue to be very optimistic about both the market potential and in our competitive position in these areas. We are a little more concerned about the negative growth that the Waters division saw for industrial chemical customers, as we feel that this trend is indicative of lower spending in anticipation of deepening global economic instability and may continue to dilute Waters revenue growth until a clearer pathway toward a sustainable economic recovery becomes more apparent. The stronger second quarter performance that we saw for this segment from our TA Instruments group is somewhat encouraging. However, they, too, may experience more pressure during the second half of the year. Looking a little more closely at TA Instruments, the division continued to deliver superb results, delivering double-digit constant currency growth in the quarter. High temperature applications based on the division's more recent acquisitions contributed nicely in the quarter as did the division's biocalorimetry offerings. Geographically, TA saw a relatively balanced growth. Turning back to the Waters division and looking at product line trends. H-Class ACQUITY UPLC and Xevo tandem quadrupole based systems, especially our ultrasensitive Xevo TQ-S, continue to drive instrument systems growth. During the quarter, UPLC MS/MS system sales for food safety and environmental applications declined against top prior year comparisons. In addition, a combination of competitive pressure as well as the ASMS introduction of our new high-performance Xevo QTof G2-S, a system that will begin shipping in volume in the third quarter, resulted in the quarterly decline for high-end MS system sales. We are encouraged by the ASMS customer reception and subsequent positive responses to recent demonstrations of our newly introduced Xevo QTof G2-S and our UNIFI-based UPLC MS/MS solutions and feel that delivery of these new systems in the second half of this year will help accelerate our growth. In addition, our newly introduced and award winning UPC 2 System began shipping in the second quarter, and business momentum is building for this high performance and exclusively Waters instrument technology. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew organically at a 5% rate in the quarter. A slight sequential decline in recurring revenue growth in the quarter can largely be attributed to slower chemistry sales in developing markets, a trend that we expect may correct in the second half of this year. Before turning you over to John, I want to view our first half's performance in a slightly broader context. Sequentially, we saw a rather typical increase in our second quarter sales volume. As in prior times of economic uncertainty, we benefited from the more consistent performance of our recurring revenue lines and from our ability to modulate our expenses in response to challenging end market conditions. Our current customer base is, by most measures, more diverse than it has ever been and provides us with a better buffer against select geographic, competitive or customer-specific challenges than we have historically enjoyed. Better than hedged [ph] , we remain very confident with our product portfolio and with our competitive position. In fact, we remain comfortable in our ability to weather a severe downturn and believe we are well positioned to benefit from any acceleration in customer demand. Going to show you that we'll be conservative as we manage expenses, but we also plan to continuously invest in product development and customer support programs to drive our technologically focused strategy. I think it's a strategy that differentiates Waters from other companies and one that has a demonstrated record of success. Now I'd like to turn you over to John with further details on our financials and our future outlook.
John A. Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. Second quarter sales increased by 1%, and Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 8% at $1.17 this quarter compared to earnings of $1.08 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.09 this quarter versus $1.07 last year, and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. Reviewing Q2 sales results in comparison to Q2 last year. Before currency translation, sales were up about 4.5% from prior year's second quarter. Translation reduced sales by about 3%. Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were up 7%. Europe sales were flat. Japan was down 1%, and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 7%. On the product front and in constant currency within the Waters division, instrument system sales increased by 2%, and recurring revenues grew by 5% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, sales increased by 11% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q2 non-GAAP financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in as expected at 60.7%, comparable to Q2 last year. SG&A expenses were lower than anticipated this quarter and were down 3% overall. Operationally, we restrained spending in light of the more difficult economic conditions we saw earlier this year, and foreign currency translation reduced SG&A by 3% this quarter. For the second half of the year, we expect SG&A to be about flat with prior year. R&D expenses increased by 4% this quarter, as we continued to invest in product advancements to support future sales growth. Our effective operating income tax rate came in as anticipated at about 16%. Net interest expense was $5.8 million, and share count came in at 89.4 million shares, 3.9 million shares lower than Q2 last year as a result of our continued share repurchase programs. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1,392,000,000, and debt totaled $1,101,000,000, bringing us to a net cash position of about $291 million. As for share repurchases, we bought 1,260,000 shares of our common stock for $103 million. This leaves $770 million remaining on current authorized share repurchase programs. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any noncash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. For Q2, free cash flow came in at $90 million after funding $18 million of CapEx. Excluded from this calculation is $30 million of capital spending related to the consolidation of our mass spectrometry facilities in the U.K. and $3 million of litigation payment. Accounts receivable day sales outstanding stood at 72 days this quarter, down 2 days from Q2 last year. And inventories increased by just $4 million this quarter. So overall, 2012 got off to a slow start in the first quarter and improved modestly in the second quarter, but business momentum remains below the level we had anticipated. As we now think about the remainder of 2012, we expect to see this somewhat more difficult economic environment continuing to affect our customers' willingness to deploy capital. We are therefore taking a more cautious view of the remainder of the year and now expect sales growth before foreign currency effects of 2% to 4% in the second half of 2012. Currency at today's levels would reduce sales by about 4% in Q3 and 3% in Q4, resulting in relatively flat sales in the second half of 2012. For full year 2012 then, sales growth before foreign currency translation would be between 2% and 3%. Negative foreign currency translation of about 3% is expected to push sales down to just under flat with 2011. Moving down the P&L. Gross margins are expected to be about flat with 2011 at about 60.5%. Operating expenses are expected to be about flat with 2011 as a result of tight operational controls on spending across the year and the beneficial effects of foreign currency translation. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $23 million, and we expect our operating tax rate to be about 16%. Our fully diluted share count for 2012 is likely to be around 89 million shares outstanding. Rolling all of this together, we currently expect 2012 non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $4.90 to $5 per share. As we think about our expectations for the third quarter of 2012, we expect organic sales growth of about 2% to 4%. Currency translation at today's rates would reduce sales by about 4%, resulting in reported sales flat to down 2% in Q3. Our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in a range of $1.16 to $1.21 in the third quarter. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. And operator, at this point, I think we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Daniel Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: As we think about your second half guidance, could you just maybe put a little more details around how you're thinking about growth from your different end markets and/or geographies given the lower top line? Just want to think about like where you see the biggest contraction versus what you were thinking before.
John A. Ornell: Sure, sure. I'll go through that. From a geographical perspective, Dan, we're thinking about that U.S. being kind of a mid-single-digit growth driver for the business as we move through the back half of the year. Europe and Japan are kind of flat, as we think about continued pressures in Europe remaining and no sign of anything getting much better there as we think about Q3 and Q4. Asia on the other hand, I'd say, we continue to look at the kind of high-single-digit type of an expectation for that part of the world and a little bit more conservative view of ROW of places like Latin America and other areas that had been growing closer to double digits, we're now thinking might be closer to mid-single digits. So all of that pulls the growth down to something that gets somewhere between 2% and 4%.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And when you think about after the first quarter guidance reduction given was timing related with pharma, and you guys thought you had caught, obviously, enough vote [ph] , lower numbers enough to reflect the issues that you had seen and built an even a cushion, now we're coming down again. What's your level of confidence -- just kind of how -- can you give us any more kind of feeling for the level of conservatism that you feel this new guidance incorporates?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we try to put us and you kind of in the middle of a range of possible outcomes. I'd say, we've been challenged to achieve the middle of the range, even though we set out each quarter thinking that's where we are. This past quarter was very challenging, and as we look forward, even though our field continues to be optimistic, the data we're getting back at ground level concerning the field interactions with their customers suggest that they really have demands, I think, as that gets translated up the hierarchy though, clearly, management controls and our customer set in terms of available spending has tempered what we think is a reasonably robust level of demand at the ground level. So as we look out into second half and have taken our expectations down a notch, we don't think that the second half gets materially worse, but we don't see a lot of signs that there's a particular factor that's going to create an uptick. So we think we're a little bit on the conservative side as we look at the second half, but I'd freely admit that it's a challenging environment, and we're still keeping a very tight handle on the spending lever.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If I can just sneak one more in, just on the OpEx control, the SG&A flat in the second half of the year. What would -- what is that level of spending outlook necessitate? Is that within the normal course of business? Or is there a onetime kind of a headcount reductions that are occurring and how much more control do you have to bring that down further if things turn out to be weaker than expected?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: There's nothing extraordinary or restructuring in that, Dan. It's tight control on unnecessary travel. It's some natural in terms of commission and variable pay won't be as originally anticipated given the lower sales levels. It certainly -- headcount additions are unlikely in this environment. So all of the things that -- in every year, we keep a number of plans -- planned incremental spending in reserve until we see some of our planned growth come together, and as it hasn't, we're putting those increased plans in abeyance. So I'd say it's certainly an uptick in the level of control of spending and the deferral of things that aren't directly necessary to create sales, but it's not anything extraordinary in terms of restructuring. If we see a significant change in our expectations, we would, of course, look at what we needed to do to keep our P&L structure in balance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken with ISI Group.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So look, I'm interested on sort of the pacing in quarter in terms of the demand flow-through. What we've seen in sort of our survey data and anecdotally heard, at least in the industrial exposed and applied exposed customer basis was the trend into June significantly sort of deteriorated and that sort of continued into July. And we've also seen that in sort of the macro PMI data. I guess, what's your assumption for sort of the trajectory? It seems like at least on the industrial side, you're looking for the deterioration to sort of moderate. I guess, is that being confirmed by sort of the order rates you're seeing or the anecdotal things you're hearing from customers? And then I want to turn to sort of the pharma side.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, Ross, I would say we didn't really see quite that inflection point in the quarter. I'd say maybe some weakening as we went through, but the industrial segment of our business was...
John A. Ornell: Lackluster.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, lackluster throughout. And I'd say in our outlook for the second half, we certainly don't anticipate it getting much better, but we don't see it dropping off a cliff. Now part of that specific to us, we're getting a very good reception to our UPC 2 System introduction, and that's having particularly raising eyebrows in certain industrial markets because of its applications there. So we might have a specific circumstance that helps us in those markets that haven't been there in the past. Was there a second question?
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And turning maybe to the pharma aside. I mean, it seems like most of the growth is coming from sort of specialty, generics, CRO customers. Given sort of the weakness we've seen in emerging markets, I mean how -- versus sort of the last time we saw a deterioration in those markets, say, I guess that was probably '08, how would you expect just the pacing of moderation of growth there to occur or are you not assuming it will? And then on the in -- traditional pharma aside in terms of the larger folks, what do you think is sort of the crux of sort of the slowdown there? I mean I would have thought, given the commentary we've heard in the pharma so for this year, demand would be actually a bit better, and maybe that's encouraging, but I'm just trying to get a sense for kind of what you think the key driver there is on the large pharma side?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: On the large pharma front, I think it's very lumpy and largely specific to individual accounts. We saw a pretty good results in large pharma in Europe and decent results in the United States. We saw growth in those large accounts, but it certainly wasn't anything that we'd call robust. The greater part of our growth story in the broad pharmaceutical market is in specialty pharma biotech, CROs and generics. But generics was certainly tempered by India, and India, there's no question that the weakness in the rupee is causing consternation amongst those account. I continue to believe that, that will get better. I don't think that there's a way for those businesses to delay spending forever, and we saw a little bit of a pickup. As we ended the second quarter there, we saw a particularly good pickup in underlying demand, but some of those accounts really faced issues in clearing letters of credit and getting their banks to release credit. So I think they're all working on that, and I anticipate that India is going to get better over the next 2 or 3 quarters. And that's basically hurt our growth rate in that area in the first half of this year. So our outlook just at big pharma stays pretty much in the route that it's in. We have some accounts spending robustly, but that's not true across the board. We think CRO spending is likely to pick up from somewhat restrained levels in the first half, and the net-net of that is maybe a little bit better in the future than we've seen in the immediate past.
Ross Muken - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: One last quick one. John, anything in the forecast for sort of the fiscal cliff/sequester in terms of any assumption of different purchasing in the U.S.?
John A. Ornell: No. I'd say that this point in time at least, we're not getting feedback from our customers that would suggest that, that event is something that's going to strike us between now and the end of the year. And I suppose that could change, but certainly to date, we haven't been giving any indication that, that's going to be a meaningful event.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nandita Koshal with Barclays Capital.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Doug, I wanted to begin with a question around consumables and sort of attach rate on the H-Class installed base that you've built out on the QA/QC side. How does that look? And how much of a driver of growth has it been thus far? And what can we look for in the future?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The attach rate on the UPLC overall, Nandita, has been very good. The -- it is fair to say that with the H-Class, there's still a lot of applications being run there that are HPLC and not UPLC. That's one of the big attractions of H-Class. So the attach rate of UPLC columns on the H-Class isn't as high as it is on classical UPLC and things like the X-class -- excuse me, the I-Class. So overall, it is our fastest-growing consumables category. And I'd say we're seeing no real diminishment of the attach rates where we expect to. Over the longer haul, we're expecting H-Class to garner a greater share of UPLC consumables, and that's generally been happening since we've introduced the H-Class.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But fair to assume that customers now put off sort of the HPLC to UPLC switch for a longer period of time at least while the macro is weaker and the uncertainty persists?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say it's a mixed bag. In certain cases, it's -- interestingly in generic cases, we're seeing customers go to UPLC performance quickly. In other cases, they just like the flexibility that the H-Class gives them in terms of converting methods or running both UPLC and HPLC columns. So maybe it's a little bit slower given economic conditions, but I don't think it really changes the overall model.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And I also wanted to ask about some of the service infrastructure that you'd put into place last year. Are those costs being fully absorbed today? Or can you look for some kind of margin sort of upside from that?
John A. Ornell: Yes. I'd say on the service front, we traditionally need to add service headcount at about the same rate as service sales grow. We went through a period certainly during the recession. We didn't do that. We caught up a little bit on that expense as of late, and I think right now, we're probably right in line with where we need to be. We have been adding a few heads in some of the developing parts of the world where we've needed to. But I would say, don't expect any meaningful change in gross margin on the service side. Because I'd say we're pretty well fully utilizing the headcount that's there and have very small plans for additions to keep up with the sales volume in emerging markets that will, net, keep that margin where it is.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just real quick. Could you comment on pricing as well?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Our pricing, I'd say there's no news on the pricing front. In this climate, you might expect that pricing competition would heat up, you could say, maybe in a few situations. But we have always maintained our position as selling based on most everything else other than low price. So service and support and technological differentiation, we believe continue to be the drivers of our business. And as you can see from our margin performance, we're not wavering from that theory and see no signs that we're losing material amounts of business because of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I was hoping that you could give us some flavor of what the bookings and the book to bill look like as we exited the quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The very little difference between order rates and sales rate, Dan. So I'd say it's no news there.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: And also, could you give us a little more color on what's behind your expectation that India is going to get better over the next couple of quarters?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think -- first of all, our forecast -- the numbers that John shared with you don't count on a tremendous uptick in that business. But on the ground level and really -- with orders in India, we typically wait to book the orders until those customers have cleared their letters of credit. That process -- that end process in typical years is not a big delay process from when the customers place their purchase order to when they clear their bank credit. That process has slowed significantly with the weakness of the rupee and a lot of these companies having to change their credit lines. So what we're looking at is a pretty big -- I don't want to call it backlog because those orders don't become into our backlog as until they clear credit. But a good sign that the underlying demand on the ground in India is much higher than our current run rate. Now they still have to ultimately get the money, but I -- traditionally, in periods of a weakening rupee, they have done that. I think there's a little additional flavor of government turbulence in India and change in leadership, so that might add a degree of uncertainty. But long term, those generic accounts have to build capacity to take on the generic marketplace. So -- and we have, by far, the leading share in our product lines in those accounts. So if that breaks through at all, we should see meaningful uptick in our expectations.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: And then my final question is just housekeeping. John, when you mentioned the new guidance incorporates current exchange rates, does current mean end of the quarter or -- and so like $1.27 euro? Or does it mean today we're at $1.21 euro?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I actually use the $1.22, is what I used in the numbers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie Capital.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: I wonder, Doug, if you -- I was very interested in kind of what you talked about the quarter. You said April was good, orders came in. May was okay. And then you said kind of throughout June, you saw kind of the -- you saw the approval process for capital expenditures starting to become elongated. Can you maybe talk about, either geographically more where your -- where that comment was coming from or via end market? And in particular, I'm wondering -- I mean it sounds like you expected the U.S. to still remain fairly strong, kind of mid-single-digit growth here, but it's -- Danaher, on their call said -- in their kind of -- in their sort of life science markets in the U.S., they actually started to see weakness in some of the areas you were talking about. So just kind of wanted to get a little bit more detail there.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think that you may be -- what I said was that some of the orders that were delayed in the first quarter, we really saw them booked in the early part of April. So that did encourage us that some of those delays were behind us. Unfortunately, we saw a new delay kind of creep into the process, Jon, so that didn't signal a real uptick in run rate. I think this issue of when things occur in the quarter -- as you know, we always have a big bolus of orders that comes in late in the quarter. I think everybody in this industry still runs on that kind of model. Our experience in June was pretty good. Orders were -- saw [ph] the fields talking about run rates picking up. We see one area up, one area experiencing slowness. You're continuing to monitor that. So it's a bit of a struggle to, say, overall, anything changed in June. Some areas picked up in June, and some areas that were expecting orders to come in, didn't. So I'd say the life science business was actually reasonably good right through June. It was the industrial piece that probably -- we saw -- we certainly didn't see the run rate of business late in the quarter that we expected. It wasn't strong early, but it was probably weaker as we ended the quarter. So I mean that's part of the reality of saying, what's the next month, the next quarter, the next half year going to be like. And we roll in all of this. We listen to others in the industry, the competitors and what they're saying and roll in our specific factors. I think we've got some individual circumstances that give us some reason to be optimistic that the second half could be better than the first half. But overall, we think that the economic climate's going to be pretty much like it is now, I mean, maybe a little bit worse in some areas, but I think we have no reason to believe that it's falling off a cliff.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay. Just maybe a follow-up and are you -- internally, are you kind of elongating or changing your own approval process for capital expenditures? And then if I -- as a quick follow-up too on the industrial, what is it that's keeping -- typically, we thought TA would be much more kind of that exposed to the industrial, but you're still getting double-digit growth there. So maybe, why do you think you're seeing that in TA given the comment [indiscernible] ...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. I'll let John talk a little bit about TA. But in terms of our own capital, yes, we are tighter on our capital release. Now one of our more significant capital programs is the site in Manchester for our mass spec operations, and that's kind of all systems go. But we are tighter. However, you know we're not a capital-expensive business, so -- But I think we share everybody else's -- when we tighten the belt, we don't just tighten the belt on expenses and go wild on the capital side because the depreciation and interest hit you later. I mean, we apply the same general constraints across the board and look much more hard on the immediate payback to those capital programs. And John, you want to talk about TA?
John A. Ornell: Yes. I would say as it relates to TA, TA Instruments, as you know, has a very competitive offering up and down its line right now. So I'd say, competitively, it's in a very good shape. We've said earlier that microcalorimetry had a good quarter, had the good half. The outlook there is very optimistic and continuing to be able to place those instruments into pharmaceutical settings. So the pharma piece of what they do is very strong at this point in time. And the new high-temp products that are just now being integrated into the line and passed out to the sales force is very encouraging. We think that the technologies that we have, they'll be able to compete with the market leader in that space, and we think that, that will continue to allow TA to drive growth at least mid-single digits as we think about the second half of the year in spite of perhaps a more difficult industrial chemical customer base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I want to just understand this outlook in the second half for Europe, Japan. I think, Doug or John, you said that Europe, Japan combined would be flat in the second half. But your Europe comps get a lot harder. Your Japanese comps get a lot easier on constant currency basis. So can you split those 2 country -- or those 2 geographies out and give us some more specifics on how you're viewing Europe and Japan for the second half guidance?
John A. Ornell: I would say that the run rate of what we're expecting is going to be about the same moving into Q3 and Q4. Japan has been a difficult environment for us for many years and for others. So we've never had much more than kind of a low-single-digit expectation for that part of the world anyway, so thinking about that being relatively flat is not really too far off from historical expectations. Europe, we saw a rather, I guess, traditional split of growth in Europe, kind of soft in the southern side where you would expect. Germany was okay. France was okay. U.K. was a little bit soft in Q2. We don't think that, that continues as soft as it was in the second half of year. Certainly, we don't have any expectations for Southern Europe to get better. But we have also had a somewhat softer Eastern Europe than we might have thought, and we think that there, it's possible that we'll see a little bit more growth in the second half than we did in the first. So I mean, maybe Europe ends up being, from base of comparison, a little different than what we saw in the second quarter, but I don't think it's dramatically different, and you end up splitting hairs at that level.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then on pricing, Doug, you said there's a few situations where pricing is actually heating up. Can you elaborate on that? Are you talking about mass spec? What exactly do you mean by [indiscernible] pricing in India [ph] ?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No, you misunderstood me. I say every quarter you see some particular order where somebody's dramatically discounting and the field wants to it match it, something that -- I would say we're not seeing a materially different environment today than we've seen for the last 1.5 years. I mean, every quarter, some competitor decides that price competition is the way they're going to make their quarter, and we deal with that all the time, and we don't respond to it. So that's why our margins hold up, and I don't want anybody to come away with the fact that we're seeing a dramatically different climate. We're seeing the same amount that we always see.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So then specific to mass spec, can you just comment on the competitive environment there? And were you able to launch your new single quad and what kind of traction that got?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, John.
John A. Ornell: Yes. The new single quad actually grew relatively nicely in the quarter on a pretty poor base of comparison. So I'd say we're optimistic that the single quadrupole space for us will look better than it has historically as we look at the back half of the year. That being said, I'd say we're probably comfortable with our tandem quadrupole position and continue to look at that as being a very competitive space but one where we have a competitive product and don't feel uncomfortable there looking into the second half. It's probably the high-end part of the market where we see the most competitive pressure, and there are good and valid options for customers on that front. And that is the market space for us that today is the most competitive.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: And it's the place that a big piece of that market is into nonprofit government and academic labs. We're worried about that segment of the market more than others. We are beginning to ship our new high-end G2-S products, so we're hopeful that, that can stimulate things. But overall, we're not holding out for a return to aggressive growth rates in that segment of the MS market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Who is that?
John A. Ornell: Doug Schenkel.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Let me -- can I just start with a housekeeping question. What was the M&A contribution for the quarter? And what's built into expectations for either the second half or the full year?
John A. Ornell: Yes, there was this -- a very small amount in TA. I think about 3% of their 11 were 0.3 bps in the total business was associated with the high-temp acquisition. And that's not likely to be dramatically different as we look at the second half.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then actually maybe another housekeeping, QTof -- I apologize if I just missed this. But I know QTof was one of a few weak spots in Q1. Did that hold up any better in Q2?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It was still down in the quarter. It wasn't down as much as it was, I believe, in the first quarter if I recall the sales numbers correctly. But it was still detracted certainly from the growth, and I think it's the G2-S that we're holding out some hope for in being able to prop that up as we move forward.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So just turning back to some questions about -- I guess a question following up on some of the spending questions from earlier. Your management of SG&A in the quarter was really encouraging, but maybe at the same time, I guess, arguably surprising, given how positive you guys seemed to be over the first couple months of the quarter, and I think your annual compensation increase actually occurred in April as planned, so I guess what I'm curious about is when in the quarter exactly did you start to really pull back on spend. And I guess somewhat related to that, how low can constant currency revenue growth drop to for you guys where you can still get operating leverage? I think that number, at least recently, used to be around 5%. It sounds like it's a little bit lower than that now.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I'd say right out of the gate and certainly the start of the year, we had many of the incremental spend programs targeted to begin in the second quarter. And having had a relatively slow start to the year, shall we say, we pushed many of those programs out to the beginning of the third quarter. So right out of the gate, even though we might have been thinking that the quarter was going to materialize to be something a bit higher organically that it turns out to be, we did not do anything on the spend front to turn up the gas, if you will, at the start of the second quarter. All of the controls that were in place through the first quarter remained in the second quarter. So from that perspective, we really had kind of a head start, if you will, and have held back in many areas: travel, advertising, project expense. There was a number of different areas where we've been able to hold the line, and that's in spite of, as you point out, the fact that we went through a relatively normal merit process around the world. But that was up against the base of a merit program that was comparable. So the comparable number increased, too. So I would say, the holding of the line in SG&A going forward to organically be a very low-single-digit type of an increase that will be completely offset by FX and nets out to something that might be flattish to maybe down slightly is really just holding the line on the expenses that we currently are. I would say that there's not a lot of room to go much lower organically than where we are without having to take different measures. But this is certainly a couple of points organic growth less spend. What we would -- what we have historically said, it's kind of the floor from which you can get margin leverage. And actually at these levels, we're really just holding operating income about flat with prior year. We're not providing incremental leverage. A lot of the EPS growth that you're getting at a flat top line with currency is coming from the share repurchase program.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So the new 5% is something like 3% in terms of where you can get leverage at the operating line?
John A. Ornell: Yes, right. And that's how many years that can be sustained. I mean, we'd have to really look at that in a bit more detail. But certainly, this year is intact at that level.
John A. Ornell: Yes, over the short term, I think that's there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A lot of mine have been answered, but maybe just to go back, Doug, to your comments on the competitive dynamics in mass spec, understanding that the market still remains challenging, do you see an opportunity here to pick up share given your current product lineup? And conversely, are you convinced that all the kind of delays you saw last quarter and I think you talked about a few this quarter, are actually delays versus swap-outs?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I wouldn't argue long and hard that in the first 6 months, we haven't lost some high-end orders, Tycho. The SYNAPT G2-S is an important piece that's coming into the market, and we'll have to see how that responds. But this whole area, I think, is one of the most challenged for instrument manufacturers. These are high-end instruments. The academic and government market is a much bigger piece of this market than it is of the traditional chromatography market. And I think that's the market that's going to be most challenged. So it's a tough area for all of us. That doesn't mean there's no spending there, but it's not the area that I'd look for the most rigorous uptick in the second half.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And how are you thinking about the clinical opportunity for mass spec? I mean, a handful of us were at ACC last week, and there seems to be a bit more emphasis from the tool providers you were earlier on and kind of moving mass spec into the clinical side of things. Can you just talk about the competitive dynamics there? And are there milestones we should be thinking about as you continue to kind of build out the clinical business over the next couple of years?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think we're very optimistic about the clinical business. It's still less than -- well, it's a single-digit piece of our overall business. It has major opportunities, but it's an area where the regulatory issues still kind of have to be worked out in many of these applications. There are some applications that are robust, tried and true. Drugs of abuse and pain testing and things like that are very active areas today. And I do think some of them have flipped over to mass spec technology almost exclusively. So that's good news. I think to the extent that a number of these customers are still being challenged on their own, that is the clinical testing markets, still a little bit cautious about looking for extraordinary growth there, but I think it's likely to be better than average as we go over the next 6 to 12 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you just -- in the context of the 2% Waters instrument systems growth, I'd love to hear if you roll up mass spec and you roll up LC, what did those 2 businesses do? And also what are you looking for, for the year for mass spec instruments and LC instruments?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. 2 points, and I decide [ph] LC did better than mass spec. And certainly, as you look at tougher CapEx environments, mass spec comes under pressure a lot more quickly, as you know, than the LC side. So there was more stability as you'd expect in the LC instrument side, and there's more variability with the mass spec instrument.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, John, can you update us on cash flow guidance and buyback guidance for the year, please?
John A. Ornell: On the cash flow side, with the new guidance that we've put out there, I'd say that we’re looking to approach maybe $475 million free cash flow for the full year before the Manchester facility. That will probably bring it down to closer to $450 million for the full year. And on the share repurchase side, we just did 103, we did about 60-something in the first quarter, so around 170-ish, I think, through the midyear. You're probably looking at that to grow to somewhere around 300, 325, anyway, as we make our -- $300 million to $325 million as we make our way through the second half of the year. And we'll see depending on share price, we may do a little more, a less but something in that range probably makes sense.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Doug, if I can ask a question on China, just some of your peers have been talking about the release of government funds for the 5-year plan kind of picking up in the back half. The trajectory of that acceleration has been somewhat under debate, but generally, one that we're also looking for. So could you maybe comment on what your view is there in terms of visibility on government funds? And then secondarily, I thought you said that attach rates for UPLC are lower than HPLC. Can you confirm that's what you said because I actually thought you guys have been saying the reverse in previous quarters because...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sorry, you said -- what do you think I said?
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Attach rates for UPLC. I think in the past, you guys have said that the attach rates are higher because there's less competition. And I thought you said they were lower on the call earlier [indiscernible] ...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: H Yes. What I was referring to is that the attach rates on H-Class are lower than the attach rates on classical UPLC because with H-Class, you're still seeing our customers run traditional HPLC methods as they -- a way to switch over to UPLC. So that's still a good source of UPLC columns. It's just not as high an attach rate as the I-Class or the traditional HPLC.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then China? Yes.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, China. We are more -- we more look at the individual input that we're getting from individual ministries and our people on the ground. As other people have been concerned about China, our organization has held pretty firm. One of the benefits we have in China is that our business is very diverse. I mean it's -- unlike some of the other areas that are heavily aimed at pharmaceutical and pharmaceutical-like applications, China is into food safety, food quality. It's a good mix between western companies who are in the China market as well as more traditional Chinese customers. The mix of all of that has held up well, and we're reasonably confident of it holding up in the second half. Frankly, we haven't factored in an uptick because of long-term planning on the part of the Chinese. We think it's kind of more run rate like that we're likely to see in the second half.
Operator: Next question comes from Sung Ji Nam with Cantor.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Just have one quick question. Doug, you talked about applied markets being a little softer, and you kind of mentioned about the temporary pause. What gives you confidence that's more temporary and it's not maybe, perhaps, the market becoming more saturated?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we see no sign of saturation in terms of the underlying dynamics, the request for demonstrations, the request for quotes on the part of these application. And we've seen these kinds of swings historically where you've got a big amount in the base, you've got a lump of business and then that lump tails off. But out of each cycle comes a higher level of spending. The regulations in these markets aren't getting easier. If anything, the opportunity for the regulations to get more stringent in the United States as we really await the implementations of the food safety regs in the United States, we think have the opportunity to add momentum in these markets. So we're not terribly concerned. The one exception to the non-pharmaceutical there is the industrial chemical market. It's more related to macroeconomic demand. A lot of it's derivative to the world auto industry as that places demands on polymers and chemicals. And we're cautious about the dynamics in that segment of the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: John, I just want to talk a little bit about FX and gross margins. I mean, in 2007 and '08, you had significantly big improvements in the gross margin. Some of that -- and certainly in 2009, that helped offset some of the weakness in the market. And I mean, I know you -- obviously, there's other things in terms of product mix, the manufacturing that kind of goes with this. But as we kind of look for 2013 and we think about where currency rates are right now, and how much can you kind of offset? And what could you predict would be the impact of FX that we're kind of looking through really. Would you still have the same type of ability to offset some of the headwinds?
John A. Ornell: Yes. I'd say, certainly, as we've looked at FX across this year, kind of including the second quarter where rates currently sit, I mean we didn't, in the second quarter, experience the full impact of the rates where they've landed at the end of the quarter. As you know, it's average of those rates across the quarter, but there was very little impact on gross margin percentages based on the fact that the relationship of the currencies versus the dollar kind of moved consistently. We have a -- we had a euro that for us, we can pretty much hedge the same way that organically, we see flow-through from our business. We see about the same flow-through on the euro impact, so it doesn't have a big gross margin impact. We didn't see a big change in the yen or the pound. Those are items that are, generally speaking, are strong. Yen is good for margins. A weak pound is good for margins. And we didn't see dramatic movements in those currencies, so we had some stability in the gross margin performance on the FX side. So I'd say the FX flow-through was pretty much what we expected, more of it because of the -- overall, there was a bigger impact. But given where rates are right now, I wouldn't have you believe that there's going to be a big gross margin percent impact like we had seen historically.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay. Well, thank you all for sticking with us. We ran a little bit later than we traditionally do, but hopefully, that got most of your questions answered, and as always, we'll be prepared to answer any follow-up questions that you have as the next few days unroll. So thanks a lot, and we'll hopefully be back with you next quarter. We can sign off now.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John A. Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce you to your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call, as usual, is John Ornell, the Waters Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations.  As our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's results, and John will follow with details of our financials and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell: On this call, we may make forward-looking statements regarding future events, including statements regarding customer acceptance of our new products, international expansion of our business, spending by certain end markets that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. For this purpose, any statements that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed forward-looking statements.  The company's actual future results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements on this call for a variety of reasons, including and without limitation the impact of demand among the company's various market sectors from economic, sovereign and political uncertainties; increased regulatory burdens from the company's business as the company's business evolves, especially with respect to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency, among others; shifts in taxable income in jurisdictions with different tax rates; the outcome of tax examinations or changes in respective country legislations affecting the company's effective tax rate; the ability to access capital and maintain liquidity in volatile financial market conditions; the timing of fluctuations in capital expenditures by the company's customers spanning multiple quarters or years, in particular pharmaceutical companies, governments and universities; the ability to sustain and enhance service and consumable demand by the company's installed base of instruments; introduction of competing products by other companies and loss of market share; pressures on prices from competitors and customers; regulatory, economic and competitive obstacles from product introductions; and other changes in demand from the effect of mergers and acquisitions by the company's customers; environmental and logistical obstacles affecting the distribution of products; risks associated with lawsuits and other legal options, particularly involving claims for infringement of patents and intellectual property; foreign exchange fluctuations potentially affecting translation of the company's future non-U.S. operating results. Such factors and others are discussed more fully in the section entitled Risk Factors on the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which Risk Factors discussion is incorporated by reference on this call. The forward-looking statements included in this call represent the company's estimates or views as of the date of this release and should not be relied upon as representing the company's estimates or views as of any date subsequent to the date of this call.  Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well obviously, our sales in the first quarter fell short of our expectations as we encountered weaknesses in some developing markets and delays in capital releases from many of our larger pharmaceutical customers. However, as we look at the various pushes and pulls that resulted in the quarter's sales performance, I believe that the underlying demand for our product and services remains intact and that we will see improvements as we go through the rest of the year.  When you look at the first quarter, our sales were flat organically and our adjusted earnings per share declined 4%. For the Waters division, a geographical situation of the business is useful in understanding the quarter's sales trend. In the quarter, sales growth from the approximately 1/3 of the business that we derived from the developing regions, including non-Japan Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe, did not provide the growth that we've seen in recent quarters.  Our instrument sales in India declined rather sharply due to the residual budgetary effects of a weaker rupee and deferments in capital spending at both generic drug makers and CROs. At the start of a new fiscal year, as we enter the second quarter and more favorable quarterly comparisons, we're anticipating a return to growth in India and are encouraged by an improving trend that we've begun to see earlier in the second quarter. In China, sales in the first quarter were up double digits based on strong industrial and governmental spending. Sales growth rates in the Middle East and Eastern Europe were weak in this quarter, and this weakness can be attributed to a tough base of comparison as well as the great amount of political instability in the region. For Western Europe and North America, delays in the release of capital budgets by larger multinational drug firms resulted in slower sales growth rate. The effect of these delays was most meaningful to our business in the U.S. Spending by smaller specialty and biopharma firms in the U.S. was more in line with our expectations and helped to at least partially offset the weakness in large pharma.  The combination of government and university shipments declined at a mid-single-digit rate in the quarter, with moderate academic growth offset by significant reductions in global governmental spending. Direct governmental spending was particularly weak in Europe and Japan. Our expectations for government and university spending were not very high for the first quarter, and we remain conservative on our outlook for the full year. When you look at a few positive trends in the quarter, our applied markets including food, environment and clinical diagnostics, all grew nicely and in line with our expectations. This growth was based considerably on strong shipments of UPLC, MS/MS tailored systems and was fairly balanced geographically and indicative of a continuation of an established growth trend in these applications. Sales growth to the more economically sensitive industrial chemicals segment held up well in the quarter for both our Waters and TA instruments division. Looking more closely at TA instruments, the division started the year off on a positive note with about 10% sales growth. TA has continued to benefit from sales of its new Discovery DSC, TGA and hybrid rheometer instruments and in addition, began to generate new business in high-temperature applications. Geographically, TA saw stronger sales growth in the U.S., Japan and China, all growing at strong double-digit rates. For instrument sales in the Waters division, highlights in the quarter included continued double-digit sales growth for H-Class ACQUITY UPLC and for our Xevo family of tandem quadrupole based systems, especially our ultrasensitive Xevo TQ-S. As I mentioned earlier today, the strength in tandem quadrupole MS based systems was primarily for applied market opportunities. Looking at LC instrument systems, the H-Class continues to drive lab upgrade business and a broad array of pharmaceutical opportunities, especially in drug development and quality control. It's notable that H-Class and Xevo TQ-S performed so well given the earlier cited general weakness in large-cap pharmaceutical spending. The decline in instrument sales we saw for the Waters division included the adverse impact of lower Alliance HPLC sales primarily related to the generic drug weakness in India. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew organically at a 7% rate in the quarter. Looking at new systems offerings in 2012, we are pleased with the positive reception we received from customers at this year's Pittsburgh Conference and more recently in Analytica in Germany. In fact, Waters was recognized with the Editors' Gold Award at Pittcon for our new UPC2 analytical technology platform. UPC2 affords us the opportunity to define a new chromatography business that effectively bridges applications that today are less effectively performed with either gas chromatography or liquid chromatography. We have demonstrated how, for certain analyses, UPC2 can work better, faster and in an environmentally friendlier manner. At Pittcon and at Analytica, we also showcased the family of ACQUITY columns to expand the application range of our UPC2 system. Other notable introductions at Pittcon included a new version of our NuGenesis informatics platform and a new line of chromatography reagents and standards. These new launches are in response to clearly expressed customer needs to streamline data workflow management and to simplify LC and LC/MS system calibration and validation. Before turning you over to John, I want to view our first quarter's performance on a broader context. We currently see factors that will result in better top line growth in the upcoming quarters and feel that the issues that resulted in slower growth at the start of the year are largely temporary. We expect our business momentum in China to continue, while other developing markets exhibit improved growth. Already, we have begun to see capital budget releases at some of our large accounts and our key product positions remain strong, with new product launch plans in place for later this year. In the meantime, we'll continue to carefully manage our expenses and deploy our strong free cash flow in a conservative manner that you've come to expect from us, share repurchases and smaller acquisitions.  In all, I'd like to reiterate my belief in our proven business strategy, and we're confident in our ability to accelerate our top and bottom line growth as we move through 2012. Now here's John with some further details on our financials.
John A. Ornell: Okay. Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. First quarter sales decreased by 2%, and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were down 4% at $1 this quarter compared to earnings of $1.04 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $0.98 this quarter versus $1.01 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release issued this morning. Reviewing Q1 sales results in comparison to Q1 last year, before foreign currency translation, sales were flat with prior year's first quarter. Translation reduced sales by 2%. Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were up 2%, Europe sales were flat, Japan was down 3% and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 5%. On the product front and in constant currency within the Waters division, instrument system sales decreased by 9%, and recurring revenues grew by 7% this quarter. Within our TA instruments division, sales increased by 10% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q1 non-GAAP financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in as expected at 60.2% comparable to Q1 last year. SG&A expenses were flat this quarter, and R&D expenses increased by 5%. Our effective operating income tax rate came in as anticipated at about 16%. Net interest expense was $5.7 million, and share count came in at 90.3 million shares, 3 million shares lower than Q1 last year as a result of our continued share repurchase programs. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1,353,000,000, and debt totaled $1,024,000,000, bringing us to a net cash position of $329 million. As for share repurchases, we bought 695,000 shares of our common stock or $62 million this quarter. This leaves $124 million remaining on the current authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less the capital expenditures plus any non-cash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting, excluding unusual non-recurring items. For Q1, free cash flow came in at $100 million after funding $16 million of CapEx and adding back $6 million of non-cash tax benefit from stock-based compensation.  Accounts receivable day sales outstanding stood at 76 days this quarter, up 2 days from Q1 last year. And inventories increased by $20 million this quarter, as is typical for the first quarter of the year. Overall, we had a slow start for 2012, but we do not see Q1 as being indicative of our full year performance. As we now think about the remainder of 2012, we expect to see improvements in the majority of our markets around the world and better momentum in large pharma accounts as capital budgets continue to be released. Just to the prior guidance, we do expect to see continued pockets of weakness in our government and academic segment as the year plays out given the budgetary pressures many countries are facing, particularly in Western Europe.  For the remaining quarters of the year then, we continue to believe that the improvements that I just mentioned, coupled with a more favorable quarterly base and comparison, will provide for 5% to 7% quarterly growth before currency effects for these next 3 quarters. For the full year, this could result in sales growth, pre-currency, of 4% to 6%. Currency at today's levels is expected to reduce full year sales growth by 2%. Full year reported sales growth would then be between 2% and 4%. Moving down the P&L. Gross margins are expected to be flat with 2011 at about 60.5%. Operating expenses are expected to grow at a rate less than sales growth as we continue to manage our operating expenses judiciously. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $24 million, and we expect our operating tax rate to be about 16%. Our fully diluted average share count is likely to be around 89.5 million shares outstanding. And when rolling all of this together, we currently expect 2012 non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in a range of $5.05 to $5.15 per share. As we think about our expectations for the second quarter of 2012, we expect organic sales growth of about 5% to 7%. Currency translation at today's rates will reduce sales by 2%, resulting in reported sales growth of about 3% to 5%. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $1.15 to $1.20.  Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. I think at this point, we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nandita Koshal with Barclays Capital.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Doug, I guess I'll start with a question around the pharma spending, because that seems to be the biggest surprise this quarter. I think India was somewhat expected. But what was the reason behind the pullback by these large pharma customers? And did it come as a surprise to you pretty much late in the quarter? Or were there leading indicators that you sort of looked at that pointed to some kind of weakness in the quarter? And then what are you looking at on a forward-looking basis?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think it's fair to say it was somewhat surprising to us in the same way maybe that the fourth quarter was a little stronger than we originally expected. The out of the chute momentum that we thought would improve as we went through the quarter didn't materialize in the first quarter. Now we've clearly, at this point, autopsied a lot of the particular regions, a lot of the large accounts. We believe we've got good reason to believe that this is a delay and not a permanent delay, and we've got some pretty good evidence of orders moving through the pipeline earlier on in the second quarter. So we've -- it's fair to say that in prior years, at times we've seen delays in capital at big pharma. This was a more significant delay than we've typically seen in the year. But I should say that it's probably split kind of evenly from the big pharma dynamic and the developing market. It's true that we didn't expect India to go gangbusters out of the chute as we weighted the beginning of the fiscal year, but it was a much steeper slowdown in India than we expected.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just a quick follow-up on the reasons behind the pharma weakness. Could there be a competitive dynamic going on there? I just wanted to clarify that.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think it's always dangerous to look at significant share dynamics on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Clearly we've done that. You could have said, "Well, gee, they gained share in the fourth quarter, and something happened in the first quarter." We don't think that's happening. You always have some competitive losses and some competitive wins. We think that this is a market dynamic and not a competitive dynamic. We'll continue to monitor that, but we haven't seen any product introductions or customer losses that work against us. So it's fair to keep our eyes open on that, Nandita, but I can't say that we're seen much evidence of it at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie Capital.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Just 2 quick ones for me, Doug. I guess first, I know you typically don't talk in terms of orders, but one of your peers, actually just the other day, mentioned very similar dynamics to what you talked about in terms of end markets on the mass spec side. And then just -- but they mentioned that throughout the quarter, orders kind of continually improved. So can you maybe just talk about your order growth rates, in particular in maybe countries like India and some of the weaker areas? And the second is kind of a follow-up maybe for John. If you think about your guidance, can you maybe split your consumable outlook versus your instrument outlook? It seems like consumables were fairly strong this quarter. It was obviously offset by pretty weak instruments.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, Jon. I think there's a good reason for being careful about orders rate dynamics, because orders don't have the same dynamic that sales do and orders can be canceled, and order patterns can differ dramatically from sales pattern. I do think it is a qualitative measure that can be useful, and I think it is fair to share that our order rate growth was better than our sales dynamic this quarter. So I mean that's a fact that I think is a fair one to share. And the first quarter of last year, you'll recall we had some large mass spec shipments that came out of backlog, so that had an impact on us. But it's also fair to say that our orders came in softer than we expected, and I think the dynamic of the slow release in big pharma is a fair one to keep in mind. We think that'll begin to catch up, and we'll continue to monitor that closely. The second part of your...
John A. Ornell: The second was just a question on splitting out the guidance between recurring revenues and instrumentation. And on that one, Jon, we're pretty confident that our recurring revenues will retain about that 7% rate you saw in the first quarter. And then instruments are likely to be the variable that, for the next 3 quarters, would bring us down to the lower end of the range, which is 5%. So instruments by themselves could be 4% to 6%, something in that range, with recurring getting closer to 7% for the next 3 quarters is what's incorporated in our guidance.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: So John, do you think -- the reason I was asking, do you think the extra day had much of an impact on the consumable or the recurring revenues in the first quarter?
John A. Ornell: No, I don't. I think that, de minimis, it wouldn't even have been 1%. So I think the 7% growth is -- there was a little bit of a base comparison on the chemistry side. Service was very strong. We're pretty confident we're going to see above that rate as we go across the next 3 quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: A quick question on your emerging market commentary, your developing market commentary. How sensitive do you think your business would be in China due to the lower-than-expected GDP growth over there?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Dan, it's a fair question. I think most of the attention is on bigger projects, infrastructure projects. I think as we continue to probe this matter and look at laboratory spending and life science spending, it's not likely to be the first target or a major target of budgetary slowdowns in China. Now of course, if a major reduction happens, it probably drops all boats a little bit, but we're not seeing it at this point.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up, can you give us an update on the attached rate on your UPLC instruments?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. You want to -- in terms of the chemistry?
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: ACQUITY chemistry that goes along with...
John A. Ornell: Yes. It appears to be in about the 80% range at this time. It was higher in the beginning as we introduced the H-Class. That particular technology, unlike the original introduction, enables the customer to utilize conventional LC columns which, in fact, can be a broader base of manufacturers' columns. But in terms of UPLC utilization, the column attach rate for UPLC columns specifically remains very high because of their performance.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Brennan with Morgan Stanley.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just on the large pharma customers, just, Doug and John, what are you hearing from these customers that -- why they discussed the slow release this year? Is it the uncertain economy? Is there anything new on just kind of R&D? Is there -- just kind of wondering for maybe some color, if you can provide it, about what gives you confidence that the slow release is going to open up.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Boy, it's a fairly broad-based dynamic. So I mean it's one of the things that makes us believe that it's not really a competitive dynamic. It's both Western Europe and the United States. They're pretty much across the board. Particularly, as we've gone back more deeply into these accounts as we've started into the second quarter, it's telling how emphatic most of these accounts are about their intention to buy during the rest of the year. I mean, that's why as we've probed, did we lose big orders? Did somebody else penetrate into these accounts? We can't find that dynamic. We can find a lot of complaining about delays in laboratories being able to get their request through their systems and their continuing desire to buy our products. So that part is confident, but the part that's sometimes difficult to call is when will it release. That's why we think we have seen some kind of a leakage coming in that release process, but it's way too early to declare victory that this just was a one-quarter dynamic. We'll continue to monitor this pretty closely.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then maybe just as a quick follow-up, sort of related to that. So it sounds like the customers themselves aren't indicating that kind of budgets are going to come in below original expectations. They're kind of maintaining their overall budget outlook, but expecting it to tick up. And then maybe related to that, what are you -- what were you basing your pharma end market? Or what were you assuming for the pharma end market to grow at this year for Waters prior to today? And what do you think it grows at now for 2012?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Mid-single digits.
Daniel Brennan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And in terms of the budgets, have they indicated that actually budgets will decline from original [indiscernible]?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think what we have seen indicated -- now this isn't an algebraic formula that you can point to. But we continue to believe that's consistent with what big pharma is intending. That's certainly what the people down the ladder in pharmaceutical QC and development labs believe. Now sometimes, they're out of step with what their top management, but so far, our triangulation suggests that that's still a reasonable outlook for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight with CLSA.
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: In the other parts of Asia such as China, particularly Japan, could you talk about the -- do you see any recovery from the tsunami in that marketplace?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I would say what we -- Japan's, with a few exceptions, has been a kind of stable, very low-growth territory for a number of years now. I think -- and this quarter, we had a particularly tough comparison largely because of some backlog dynamics in Japan last year. I'd say we're still seeing kind of the same basic level of momentum. Maybe a little bit of infrastructure spend in Japan has kind of gone away from the life science laboratory towards basic infrastructure rebuild. We hear stories like that that's largely -- no, you can't point to government statistics so much, but I believe some of that's gone on in the last 6 months or so. So if that's true, I think we'll begin to see a little bit of performance improvement coming out of Japan as we go forward.
Paul R. Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then what color or what should we be watching regarding the currencies, the franc, the yen, the dollar relationship? Any hedging or actions you've taken to reduce that volatility or risk this year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No. I mean, traditionally, for a lot of reasons that we've talked about in the past, the notion of hedging forward your currency sales risk just doesn't particularly work in this industry. The yen has weakened a little bit against the dollar in the past 3 to 4 months; was in the high 70s, now it's in the low 80s, seems to be stable around that low 80s level. And the euro has been -- it got as low as the mid 1.20s. It's now in the low 1.30s. It bounces around there a little bit. That's the level that we're anticipating for the rest of the year. That's as good a forecast, I suppose, as you can make at this point, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quintin Lai of Robert W. Baird.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So Doug, on the call, you mentioned that the H-Class and Xevo did well. So as you kind of parse through the Q1 results, I mean, was some of the budgetary issues with big pharma more on the -- for lack of a better word, more routine? Or are the older instruments in an upgrade cycle just kind of delayed out?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, there are 2 things I'd say, Quintin. The earlier stage parts of R&D suffered the most. So that's discovery and the higher end mass specs, and then the Alliance aligned particularly with generics were the 2 major dynamics that we see in the pharma world.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then with respect to India, Doug, is there -- are you really looking at that region about maybe how you go to market there and maybe pricing more of your instruments in local currency to take out some of the volatility in demand?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Frankly, no, Quintin. I think we don't see any real competitive dynamic here that's changing the thrust. I think almost everything going on in India is related to internal struggles and the rupee, but we're not going to price in India really differently than we prize anywhere else. The end market pricing in India is about the same as we're seeing everywhere else in our international world, and we don't think that pricing is going to dramatically change our end market performance. This is something we got to work through. We have an excellent position. We have very high market share in India. We got to get through the local dynamics on the regulatory burdens and the CRO and then new product this year, the new product development issues that they're experiencing in India. We think we see some of that coming. I think it's probably going to take into the second half of the year before we see any kind of return to normalcy in India.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMC.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A number of my questions have been answered, but maybe just one starting off on kind of your cost structure. I mean, you've always talked about your ability to pull levers if needed. At this stage in the year, I mean, do you have any updated thoughts on cost structure heading into the rest of the year in light of this first quarter coming in a bit below expectations?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'll let John embroider a little bit here, but I mean you can see that our SG&A spending was flat in the quarter. We didn't dramatically adopt any plans to restructure our results because at this point, we don't think that we're seeing a long-term significant reduction in demand. We'll continue to monitor that, Tycho, and if we change that belief, we'll have to look at our cost structures. But I think you can tell that within the relevant range, we haven't exploded our cost structure. And as a result, if we're right about a return to normal levels of demand, then we'll be able to leverage that uptick in demand to pretty good earnings results.
John A. Ornell: We also typically back-end load investment spending in new headcount and the like and obviously, we didn't do much of any of that in the first quarter and we're going to lag that out a bit too in the second quarter until we're comfortable that we're on track. So we kind of naturally in our budget cycle have that kind of capability to keep at bay those investments until we're comfortable that it's time to spend.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then maybe a question on Europe. I mean, I think you said that that was flat. One of your peers that had reported on mass spec numbers had talked about that being particularly soft. Can you just talk about your visibility into Europe and in light of the broader pharma commentary you provided, but also how you think about Europe over the next couple of quarters?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I'd say Europe and U.S. were -- overall, had similar dynamics. It was similar disappointment in the output of the large pharma. I mean, Europe is probably a little bit more weighted to large pharma, and we clearly -- we anticipated soft governmental spending. We certainly saw that. I guess the -- and we've certainly seen the weakest conditions in Southern Europe, which had the most macroeconomic issues. And I guess other than that, I don't think that there's anything -- I'd say the weakness in the government academic segment affects the high-end mass spec and we certainly saw that, because that's -- much of that is government-funded initiatives. So I'd say we are not anticipating that to change too much. We do think the pharma segment should improve as we go through the year.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then maybe just last one on pharma again. You -- I think you talked about it, an assumption for mid-single-digit growth there, and we're just trying to kind of understand what's behind that. I mean, if you kind of look at the aggregate pharma R&D budgets, they're flat to probably down over the next couple of years. So what gives you conviction that you can kind of -- that you can outgrow that market? Is it share shift? Is it new product cycles? Is it kind of continued conversion of ACQUITY?
John A. Ornell: Yes. When we look at our pharma business, Tycho, it's about 60% of our business, broadly defined. The large pharma portion of it is about -- well, it's under 10% this quarter, but it's typically 11%, 12%, and that group typically lags the overall segment that we talked about growing mid single digit. So the expectation for large pharma within that overall segment is a few points less or more than the average. So it's a low single-digit growth expectation for these top accounts. I mean, they were down double digit in the first quarter, causing the issue that we're looking at, and we're confident that that's not going to continue at that rate for the remainder of the year. But it's really the generics. It's the Biotech. It's the CROs that grow more quickly than the average that we think will come back and provide an overall growth that's mid-single digit. It won't be large pharma that's going to drive us to that mid-single-digit rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Clearly, you've talked a bit about what makes you feel better about the outlook moving forward. You've also mentioned, in response to a few earlier questions, that Q4 was a bit stronger than you expected and clearly, Q1 was a bit weaker. So taking this a step further, if we continue to look backwards, are there signs that maybe Q4 may have benefited a bit at the expense of Q1? And related to that, if we go back and look at your pharma growth for last year by quarter, I think sequentially, you did 20% year-over-year, 13%, 10% and 6% or something in that ballpark. Clearly, most of those figures are well above the historical norms. So you did talk a lot about delays in pharma capital budget releases, but is there a chance you guys were just overly aggressive in your internal forecast relative to what is a pretty difficult comp?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Go ahead, John.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I think as we look at the quarters of the year, there's no doubt that we have historically seen a fair amount of seasonality, and we have historically pointed out that Q1 and Q4 are always the most difficult quarters to forecast. In the fourth quarter you've got the capital spend, an elusive mentality where you're waiting for the big push at the end of the year for people to spend their CapEx budgets. And then at the start of the year, they have to re-up that capital budget. And some of them get released early in the year. Some of them get released into the second quarter. So the first quarter and the fourth quarter for us was -- particularly with large pharma, was always a little bit difficult to forecast. And we -- I don't necessarily look at this and say that there was a trend developing across last year for which Q1 is a point on any line. I see it as a point off the line. It's -- it is true that in Q1 last year, we came out of the gate very strong. There was spending very early on from a lot of pharmaceutical accounts. I think they felt better about the business or better about the business environment just generally. So the basic comparison was difficult. We thought we had that accommodated in a lower expectation for the first quarter than for the full year, but we did not foresee a significant number of large pharma accounts really spending almost nothing on capital to start the year, which is where Q1 landed.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. I guess on the other topic du jour, India, this is -- this rupee devaluation issue is now a multi-quarter phenomena. Given that plans for purchases accordingly have, in some cases, been delayed for a few quarters, is it fair to conclude that there is a bolus of demand that should be worked through in early Q2 with the budgets being reset? And are you seeing this already?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We believe that. We think we see some sign of that, Doug, but it's -- I'm going to be very careful, because I thought we'd see a little of that in the first quarter, and we didn't. If anything, we didn't. Now you've got multiple issues facing the Indians, including some relatively newly arising regulatory issues with their ability to export into the U.S. That may be making them a bit more conservative in how they look at near-term spending too. We think that's not going to change the ultimate view of India and the likelihood that the investments have to be made in order to keep up with the generic drug demand, but it might take a little bit longer than I'd otherwise like.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And if I could sneak in one last operational question. As you noted, SG&A, I believe, was flat year-over-year. Is this largely just a function of the weaker-than-expected instrument contribution in the quarter? And if so, how much higher would this have been if you had hit your guidance? And is this the right -- what's the right way to think about this moving forward?
John A. Ornell: Yes. I'd say that the biggest reason why Q1 was flat was because of lower sales associated with less commission, less cost on that front. We've talked about SG&A growing 1 point or 2 less than sales growth. I would say that we look like we're on track to continue to be able to assume that. But I would say that -- I mean, there are natural variable spend in the business that ratchets up and down with the sales line and largely, that's what you saw in the first quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: If I -- as John has said before, we were careful coming into the year. We typically are, maybe we're even a little bit more careful in spending on headcount. So we were -- we're not adding heads anticipating that we would see how this year began to spend itself out. And I -- we're prudent in that, and we'll continue to be prudent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Doug, I'm just trying to wrestle with the inherent uncertainty in budgets with your commentary that you are seeing evidence of the orders moving through, the ones that obviously didn't come through in the first quarter. Can you expand on this comment that you have evidence that orders are pulling through? Talk a little bit about the size of those orders. And do they make up for the miss in the first quarter?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I mean, I should say that what we are seeing is both the placement of some orders and the -- perhaps more confidence on the part of the customers that we're dealing with that those orders are progressing down their internal cycle at a more pronounced pace. So I wouldn't say it's all related to actually hard copy orders that we have in hand, but a lot of these customers had told us that they were placing orders in February and March, of course. I mean, we -- it was just not a dream that we had that this business was coming. They fully expected to get their budgets cleared. They fully expected to place them. And in many cases they'd say, "The order's in purchasing. I can't get it out of purchasing." Now those things are beginning to move in a faster clip down that process, particularly in a number of these large pharmas that we have good relationships with. So I'd say we -- clearly, some of those large orders that we were tracking and expected to get in the first quarter have now started rolling in on the second quarter, and that evidence makes us feel better.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: From a size perspective though, like, enough to offset what happened in the first quarter? Or can you maybe just have that?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think it's just fair to say it's early on in the quarter. Three weeks does not a quarter make. It's a good sign, but it certainly is no way to say that we've got the quarter in hand. So it's a good fact, and it's a positive fact that we didn't have 1.5 months, 2 months ago. So that's all I'm willing to say. It's no guarantee, but it's a good fact.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up is just on the trend of R&D rationalization. You've talked about that in the past as something that has been ongoing. How are you viewing pharma companies rationalizing R&D spending going forward? What's your underlying assumption of how that impacts this end market?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think it's been a continuing trend for a lot of years. I don't think that what we're seeing in the early part of this year is a dramatic change from kind of what we saw in 2011. You're continuing to see more emphasis on outsourcing, continuing to see these companies work with -- moving clinical trials into areas like India and Eastern Europe. And you're continuing to see a shift in influence from small molecule drugs to biopharmaceuticals, and we think that that shift to biopharmaceuticals is richer in our kinds of technology than small molecular weight dynamic. So we don't see that changing. You can't find a big pharma that doesn't lead any of these discussions with the fact that in the near term, most of their influence is on biopharmaceuticals.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you offer any context on the acquisition contribution? I know you did 2 small deals; 1 late last year, 1 early this year. What does that contribute to the first quarter as well as the year in terms of sales?
John A. Ornell: Yes. It was -- it rounded to nothing. It was a few points of the TA growth. So there was -- TA, we said, grew at 10% with -- before currency. It would have been about 7% without the acquisition, but it's de minimis on a full company basis.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So less than 50 basis points for the year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Less than 50.
John A. Ornell: For the quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: And the year.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. What about the year?
John A. Ornell: And for the year, too. For the year, yes.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I mean, we continue to look at doing other things of this nature, but it's hard to imagine that it would be getting much more significant than that for the year.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then can you offer, Doug, just an updated view geographically for 2012, U.S., Europe and then Japan and Asia, outside Japan? Just give us where your guidance is now set kind of from a geographic perspective.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Let's see. Yes. John maybe...
John A. Ornell: Yes. I could get that. For the rest of the year, we're looking at a growth that's 5% to 7%. We're looking for the developing areas of the world to improve and to be kind of at the higher end of that, kind of a high single-digit expectation for the developing world. So that would include China, that would include Latin America, Eastern Europe to grow in the low single digits, being dragged down throughout the year through issues and pressures on the government side of business there. We're looking for the U.S. to be about a mid single-digit growth rate for the remainder of the year and Japan kind of a low to mid, depending on basic comparison.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then it's safe to say that the disappointment here is pharma related, right? So if you look at your applied industrial, and I guess I would include chemical, has anything changed in your view on that set of end markets for the year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say we -- you heard us talk about our belief that pharma's going to improve. So I think we've talked enough about that. The industrial chemical and the applied markets have performed well, and we expect those to continue to perform well. So I think certainly on the industrial side, both Waters and TA have broad evidence that, that should continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The first question I wanted to ask, I just -- you spent a lot of time talking about the macro end market drivers of the quarter miss there. And I wanted to maybe isolate and be just specific about asking about any large orders from specific customers within pharma that might have caused disruption. Was there -- is it fair to say that it wasn't isolated to any handful of large orders?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That's correct, Isaac.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just secondly, if I look at sort of the components of the growth this quarter, you had organic growth. You had growth in the consumable side of I think 7%, and then I think you said the instrumentation side was down about 9%. As you look at the orders growing a little faster than sales this quarter, is it fair to say that we'll see a reversion to the mean, so to speak, between those 2 components of the business?
John A. Ornell: That's the expectation, yes.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. And thank you, all, for being with us. We look forward to talking, hopefully with better results, at the end of the second quarter. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John A. Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jeff Ares - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well and good morning, and welcome to this, the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call as usual is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. And as it's our normal practice, I'm going to start with an overview of the quarter's highlight, and then John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with an outlook for the first quarter of 2012 and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will be making various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q1 and full year 2012. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2010, under Part I, captioned Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2012. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, 2011 was a second consecutive year of double-digit sales growth and even faster earnings growth for Waters. Successful new product launches and healthy demand from our pharmaceutical customer base have been key factors in driving our growth. In addition, we continue to benefit from faster growth in developing countries and opportunities associated with our applied markets such as food testing and clinical diagnostics. In short, we have offered industry-leading products and enjoy superior access to faster growing market segments, positions our organizations have worked high to achieve over a multiyear period. I think it's also important to note that 2011 was a year of investment for Waters. During the year, we continued to bring new systems to market across all our major product lines and expanded field personnel to support rapidly expanding customer bases in these developing regions. We're confident that we have an adequate foundation to grow top and bottom line results in 2012, while maintaining our reputation for industry-leading customer service and support. If you'll look at the fourth quarter, our sales grew organically 8%, and our adjusted earnings per share were up 13%. And all these results were a bit ahead of our expectations and represent the impact of continued strong business momentum. For the Waters division, we saw strongest growth in our pharmaceutical and industrial chemical end markets. The pharmaceutical growth was particularly strong in Western Europe and in the U.S., indicative of a continuation of an instrument upgrade cycle that I cited earlier this year. The combination of government and university shipments held up reasonably well during the quarter, most notably for the SYNAPT G2 system shipments that were delivered to academic institutions throughout the quarter. Going forward, as a result of continuing austerity measures, we expect less robust global sales to government agencies in Europe, Japan and the U.S. That's a segment that has recently accounted for about 5% of our worldwide sales. A tough base of comparison limited the growth rate of our food analysis business in the quarter. You may recall, we benefited from food safety-related business in late 2010, especially from sales resulting from dairy product testing in China. As a result of these strong results in the prior year quarter, our Chemical Analysis business, which includes food and environmental testing, grew more slowly in this quarter. Within the Waters division, constant currency sales to the pharmaceutical industry grew faster than the overall business. Applications within pharma that are driving growth include biopharmaceutical development and QC testing. Similarly to what we saw in the third quarter, business to CROs was robust, while sales to generic manufacturers were adversely impacted by slower growth in India. Instrument sales to industrial chemical customers, a business that represents less than 10% of our sales, held up fairly well in the quarter with strength in developing markets in Asia and South America offsetting slower growth in Europe and the United States. Our TA Division finished 2011 with a strong fourth quarter performance that completed a year of profitable growth with yet another double-digit sales growth quarter. During the quarter, the division benefited from sales of its new Discovery DSC and Discovery Hybrid Rheometer, these instruments that saw a balanced sales growth across major geographical regions. In 2012 and beyond, TA will expand its system offerings with more Discovery-branded instruments, while continuing to expand its applications footprint into biological and high temperature material testing opportunities. If you look at our sales geographically, constant currency sales growth in Europe, as we saw in the third quarter, exceeded our overall sales performance. Expected weakness in European government and academic labs was more than offset by strength in our pharmaceutical and chemical analysis segments. European pharmaceutical strength was largely outside of large multinational accounts and more focused on CRO and biopharmaceutical businesses. Within chemical analysis applications, our European strength was most pronounced for food and environmental testing. In Asia, outside of Japan, our sales growth in China reflects the impact of large regulatory related pharmaceutical and food analysis shipments in the prior year quarter, and with these factors backed out of the prior year result, business trends in China continued to be strong and in line with our expectations. Sales in India were somewhat lighter than we had expected, as a significant evaluation of the rupee within the quarter resulted in some ordering delays. Underlying demand for new instruments, primarily for generic drug makers in India, remains strong, and we anticipating seeing stronger ordering trends during the first half of 2012. Waters division constant currency sales in Japan were about flat for the quarter, as relatively strong pharmaceutical sales were offset by declines in government and university sales. Though the general economic conditions in Japan are challenging, we feel that our competitive position is strong and that there could be an opportunity to grow our business there, as we anniversary the terrible earthquake and tsunami that hit last March. In the United States, we benefited from strong chromatography instrument shipments to pharmaceutical accounts, continuing the trend of the H-Class adoption that we saw earlier in the year. Sales to combined university and government labs grew in the quarter, and we fulfilled orders for newly introduced instrument systems. As we saw in Europe, our strongest growth in the U.S. was for instrumentation for our applied markets, including food and environmental testing. Now I'd like to talk about some of the product line dynamics that we saw in the quarter. Our recurring revenues, the combination of service and chromatography consumables grew, at a high-single-digit rate in the quarter. The growth in chromatography consumables was driven by column sales in developing countries including China and India, while the growth of our service business was geographically balanced. Looking at our Waters division instrument system sales, growth was comparable for LC/MS instruments and LC instruments in the quarter. Key new systems introduced at ASMS, including our SYNAPT G2-S and ACQUITY I-Class UPLC, shipped throughout the quarter. Our tandem quadrupole growth was highest for the ultrasensitive Xevo TQ-S system. And during the quarter we introduced a new single quadrupole mass detector, the SQD 2. This new component has been designed to offer greater versatility, ease of use and reliability for routine mass detection. In addition, it provides users with Waters' universal source design to facilitate methods transferred from our Xevo and SYNAPT platforms. On the chromatography front, UPLC instrument unit shipments again grew at a double-digit rate, with H-Class dominating ACQUITY sales. Throughout the quarter, we manufactured and delivered ACQUITY I-Class instruments, primarily its front-end technology for our new research mass spec platforms. If you look back at full year 2011, the big story for us in LC has been the H-Class. Growth in shipments and revenues has consistently exceeded 20% through 2011 off of a strong 2010 performance. We feel we are entering 2012 with excellent momentum for our entire ACQUITY line and feel that there remains for us a very attractive opportunity to displace HPLC and routine testing and expand the application reach of liquid chromatography by promoting the performance, ease of use and reliability of UPLC. In 2012, look for us to continue to introduce new application-tailored systems that offer more complete workflow benefits to customers. Generally, these systems will combine advanced mass spectrometry, ACQUITY UPLC and our new UNIFI platform, with application-specific chemistries and software applications. Examples of this approach can be found in the well-received systems we commercialized in 2011, including our systems for regulated bioanalysis and biopharmaceutical characterization. Financially, we are very pleased with our 2011 performance. As I mentioned earlier, 2011 was a year of significant investment for Waters, as we continued to introduce advanced instrument systems, to invest in the development and commercialization of our new UNIFI software platform and to bolster our field operations in the developing world. While doing all of the above, we managed to expand our operating margins and generate record free cash flow, about $0.25 of free cash flow for every sales dollar. Looking at capital allocation, we primarily used our free cash to fund the continuation of our share repurchase program, a program that over the years has reduced our share count by 1/3 and meaningfully grown our earnings per share without adding risks to future earnings growth. In 2011, we continued on our targeted and relatively conservative acquisition plan. Our most recent acquisition enhanced the capability of our TA group to more quickly access business opportunities in high temperature materials testing. This type of smaller acquisition is emblematic of our strategy and is a template for what we are likely to pursue in the upcoming years. But we can never rule out a more transformational M&A plan. It continues to be difficult for us to identify larger targets that in the long run will be accretive to our long-term sales growth and profitability. Looking at 2012, we currently see fundamental consistency to the underlying drivers of our recent growth. Early in the year, we will be comparing our business to performance in 2011, where in a strong top line accompanied by conservative spending combined to create a tough base of comparison for operating income growth. However, as we ramp SG&A spending during 2011, the comparisons will likely become more favorable in the second half of 2012, allowing us to achieve higher operating leverage. Macroeconomic uncertainties that have dominated recent headlines, including concerns about the health of European markets and global governmental austerity programs, are the primary factors in tempering our 2012 growth expectations relative to the results that we have delivered during the past 2 years. We feel that our strong product positions and our access to growing markets in Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe position us well to weather through the uncertainties I've already cited. Globally, we will remain confident that the pharmaceutical industry will continue to require our products for research and regulatory compliance applications, and we are also confident that our application-tailored system strategy will allow us to both secure a competitive advantage and expand our business into new application areas. Now I'd like to turn it over to John for a more detailed review of our financials and the outlook.
John A. Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. Fourth quarter sales increased by 8%, and non-GAAP earnings per share per diluted share were up 13% at $1.56 this quarter compared to earnings of $1.38 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.51 this quarter versus $1.36 last year, and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Reviewing Q4 sales results in comparison to Q4 last year, sales were up 8% with foreign currency translation about neutral to sales growth within the quarter. Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were up 8%. Europe's sales were up 14%. Japan was flat and sales in Asia, outside of Japan, were down 1% against a strong base of comparison of more than 30% growth in the 2010 quarter. On the product front and in constant currency within the Waters division, instrument system sales increased by 7% and recurring revenues grew by 7% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, sales increased by 17% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q4 and full year non-GAAP financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in as expected at 60.8% comparable to Q4 last year. SG&A expenses increased by 2% this quarter, slightly less than expected as a result of less FX translation impact. R&D expenses increased as expected at about 4% within the quarter, and our full year effective operating income tax rate came in a little lower than anticipated at 16%. This is due to a modest shift in profits among our legal entities favoring our lower tax rate jurisdictions. Applying this tax rate to our full year pretax income increased EPS by $0.03 this quarter versus our October expectation. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1.3 billion and debt totaled $991 million, bringing us to a net cash position of about $290 million. As for share repurchases, we bought 940,000 shares of our common stock for $73 million. This leaves $186 million remaining on the current authorized share repurchase program. We defined free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any noncash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. For Q4, free cash flow came in at $150 million after funding $17 million of CapEx and adding back $3 million of noncash tax benefit from stock-based compensation. This result excludes $16 million of capital spending associated with a land purchase this quarter for our new site in Manchester, U.K. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 64 days this quarter, down 3 days from Q4 last year. And inventories declined by $35 million this quarter, as new products shipped in expected volumes and the traditional heavier Q4 volume consumed inventories built up earlier in the year. Overall, we are pleased with our full year 2011 financial performance, as we grew sales 10% in constant currency. This performance was geographically balanced and on the back of a 10% organic growth year in 2010. Gross margins expanded by 30 basis points in 2011, and operating margin expanded by 1%, as we leveraged our cost base around the world. And our non-GAAP fully diluted earnings per share for the full year were up 18% over 2010. Cash flow was very strong this year, too, with free cash flow of $461 million after funding $68 million of capital spending and adding back $18 million of noncash tax benefits from stock-based compensation. This result again excludes $16 million of capital spending on the new Manchester, U.K. facility. Of this free cash flow, $11 million was used on M&A, and $314 million was used to purchase $4.5 million shares of our stock under our share repurchase program. As we now think about 2012, we continue to see stability in the majority of our markets and continued momentum in the acceptance of our new products. However, we may see pockets of weakness in our government and academic segment as the year plays out given the budgetary pressures many countries are facing, particularly in Western Europe and the U.S. So we believe that it makes sense to begin 2012 with a more cautious growth outlook than what we have recently experienced, and we currently expect sales to grow by 6% to 8% for 2012 before currency effects. Currency at today's levels is expected to reduce full year sales growth by 2%. Reported sales growth, then, would be between 4% and 6%. Moving down the P&L, gross margins are expected to be about flat with 2011 at about 16.5%. Operating expenses are expected to grow at a rate that is slightly less than sales, as we continue to manage our operating expenses judiciously. Our net interest expense is expected to be approximately $24 million, and we expect our operating tax rate to be about 16%. Our fully diluted average outstanding share count is likely to be just under 90 million shares outstanding, and rolling all of this together, we currently expect 2012 non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in a range of $5.15 to $5.30 per share. As we think about our expectations for the first quarter of 2012, please remember that 2011 started off extremely strong with 16% sales growth and 28% earnings growth. Against this challenging base of comparison, we expect organic sales growth of about 5% in the first quarter of 2012. Currency translation at today's rates would reduce sales by 2%, resulting in reported sales growth of about 3%. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $1.05 to $1.10 for the first quarter. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Operator, I think at this point, we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You again highlighted resilience in the pharmaceutical end market, both in the U.S. and Europe. You attributed this to an ongoing replacement cycle. Could you just provide any color that's available on how balanced this replacement cycle is across LC and mass spec and also how balanced this replacement cycle is across the different subsegments within pharma, meaning CROs, generics and big pharma?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay, sure, Doug. I can give you a little bit of flavor on that. The quarter was remarkably balanced, I'd say, between LC and mass spec, very similar results. If you look within pharma, CROs were the strongest players, and our big pharmaceutical customers were flattish. So that's probably, I think, been a continuing dynamic. Although, we did see an absolute level of growth from our big pharma customers as you move quarter-to-quarter through 2011. I'd say the applications that were notable for their growth -- first of all, H-Class is -- continues to be the strongest performer in the chromatography area, and we see some clear signs that, that's penetrating into the pharmaceutical QC applications and that's penetration. So that's, I think, good news for us. At the same time, some of our new systems offerings that are aimed at the bio area, biopharmaceutical QC in particular, which is a different animal of course versus the small molecule world, are doing very well. So I think those are probably the notable dynamics.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And in H-Class specifically, I mean, you've done quite well there. There's a big install base to go after in -- of the alliance instruments within big pharma. How would you characterize what inning you're in, in terms of replacing those instruments with H-Class?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Oh, I think we're still early in the game there. We're really only in the second -- 2011 was the second year of the H-Class introduction, and I'd say we really only started penetrating those applications this past year. So I think we're early on, and we're very optimistic about the long-term opportunity there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie Capital.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: I just had 2 quick questions. The first, Doug, is I guess maybe if you could provide a little more color geographically around how you expect things to play out in 2012. Obviously, you ended the quarter where Asia x Japan is down a little bit, and you were up like 32% last year. But maybe just talk geographically about how you see things playing out. And then, John, I was just wondering if you could -- you mentioned kind of flattish gross margins. I know currency probably is a little bit of an issue there. Can you maybe just talk about kind of organically what's happening on the gross margin line?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I think -- in term -- the way to think about our outlook geographically is you think about the -- what we call the emerging areas. I mean, we continue to use that terminology. Latin America, Asia, Eastern Europe, we strongly believe that those areas are going to grow above our corporate average in 2012. That's been true in the past, it's likely to be very true in 2012. We've got the applications, the organization and the momentum going there, and I think that's very credible. We think the areas of slower growth is still likely to be Western Europe. There's enough uncertainty around elements in Western Europe. Even though we're coming off a very good quarter, we're still a little cautious about Western Europe going forward. And Japan, we are hopeful that we see some relief, just structural relief in Japan, but we're going to wait to see that. The U.S., I think, is probably going to be around the corporate average. So that breaks that. John, you want to cover the...
John A. Ornell: Sure. On the gross margin, the thinking there is that we've got a little bit less volume leverage at a top line growth that's 6% to 8% instead of the 10% we just came off of. We plan on having a higher mix of Tof-based products in the mix, which tends to pull the margin down a little bit. And as you said before, Jon, FX is a little bit of a headwind. So there's small amounts of tenths of a point movement, plus or minus to kind of net to a rather flat position versus 2011.
Operator: Next question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Can you hear me okay?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Quintin, are you there?
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Hello?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. We're ready.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So again looking into the 2012 guidance, you talked a little bit about maybe a cautious look on the academic side. What are you seeing on the pharma side, Doug? Continued uptick? Is it new products? Or is it also just replacement of some of the changing out the aging instruments as well?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, Quintin, we have some natural benefit from products that were introduced in the second half of 2011, getting full bore in 2012, as well as focused application systems, like the regulated bioanalysis system, which combines the I-Class with the TQ-S and the system for biopharmaceutical QC. All of which were introduced kind of during 2011 and should provide us incremental growth in 2012. I think if you look at applications or broad areas of our business for next year, we think the broadscale pharma business is likely to grow at about our corporate average. We think the application-specific areas like food safety, food testing, clinical are likely to grow a little bit above average, and the government and academic business is going to grow below average. That's kind of the mix of our plan for 2012.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then with respect to kind of new product introductions, you launched the TQ-S, I guess, 2 now. And last year, you introduced I-Class early on in the year. Is it now that new products will just get launched when they're ready or off the cycle of waiting for big conferences like ASMS?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think generally you'll find that major LC introductions are still made around Pittcon and major -- particularly higher-end mass specs are introduced around ASMS. So that's first quarter for Pittcon, late second quarter kind of for ASMS. That's still traditionally -- now you may introduce a system and not be shipping it for a couple of months. I mean, you typically don't want to wait much more than 2 or 3 months before you're ready to ship it because you're getting expectations and you're maybe cannibalizing your existing product line. So I think that, that's pretty much par for the course in the industry, and it's just the introductions don't necessarily closely follow for shipments.
Operator: Next question comes from Nandita Koshal with Barclays Capital.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess my first question would be on the competitive dynamics. This is an issue that we get asked about a whole lot, and I was wondering if you could talk about any market shares, dynamics in your key technology and markets about LC/MS, please.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, it's always dangerous to talk about change in market share dynamics based on one quarter. So I think there's nothing that I would feel comfortable about saying as a result of the fourth quarter. If you look at the full year and you look at our organic instruments growth, it was north of 10%. I think it's pretty -- I'm pretty secure in saying I think overall, we picked up market share in 2011. I think H-Class continues to penetrate into new labs and new applications that we didn't serve before. So I'm pretty comfortable with that. I think the introduction of our new mass spec systems has clearly garnered us new business. But I think in general, I think, that mass spec business continues to be very competitive. Nobody's getting out of the business, and so I think it continues to be a pretty vibrant, competitive area for all of us suppliers.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, I was wondering with the consolidation that we've seen in the industry and more sort of LC/MS full suite of offerings coming from competitors, sort of wondering if that has changed anything.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Oh, I'd say certainly coming from consolidate -- I don't see any major dynamic going on as a result of consolidation. Certainly, not at this point. I'd say the competition that we're looking at, particularly in the mass spec arena, come from the same places we have seen it for the last 5 years, using the same competitive tools. And I don't see very much in the way of shifts resulting from consolidation there.
Nandita Koshal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I really appreciate the commentary. And maybe one quick one for John on the gross margins. I know you mentioned the Tofs in the mix. But John, could you talk a little bit more around just the instrumentation system that we see some amount of slowdown on the instrumentation side and mix shifts towards the recurring revenues? What sort of benefit can we see from maybe include detach rates on consumables or a revenue pickup from your service investments last year?
John A. Ornell: I guess I'd say generally, Nandita, that we're looking at growth rates for 2012 that are relatively comparable for instruments and recurring revenue. So if there's going to be a mix shift in the year, it's going to be rather small. So I wouldn't think it would result in more than a 10 basis point change from flat. So I would say it's possible but not likely to be that significant.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the Asia x Japan business, obviously tough comp in the quarter. As we sort of move into Q1 with the Chinese New Year a little bit earlier this year, do you have sort of comfort in sort of stabilization acceleration in that business based on sort of the order patterns we sort of ended the quarter with x some of those onetime headwinds from last year? And are we seeing that -- any confirmation of that in Q1 so far?
John A. Ornell: I'd say as we look at the base of comparison and the pace of business in Asia, we're pretty comfortable that we're back to our more traditional growth rate in that region of the world. We've got a year-end spend in India that we expect to see come through and the base of comparison in China's easier. So the expectation is for meaningful growth coming out of that region of the world pretty early in the year.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Were you at all surprised by the magnitude of sort of the strength in late December? I mean, I know the world was sort of an odd place from the summer through the early fall to winter just from a uncertainty perspective. But it seemed like we've seen some decent follow-through in the month of December in terms of re-acceleration. Were you kind of surprised by that on the capital equipment side at all?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I wouldn't say we were terribly surprised. I think the fourth quarter, always when completing the year you're -- you want to finish strong, but there was nothing remarkable, I don't think, that went on in the fourth quarter. I know there was some cautiousness on the part of observers of the industry, but we didn't -- the quarter was well balanced, interestingly. It wasn't like we saw late strength in any particular area that pulled out the quarter, so I think the balance is kind of what's notable in the results.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just lastly, John, what are the rates you're using for the FX cal? Because we're getting Q1, as well as the year, even on current rate, something, I think, a bit less of a headwind than sort of what you provided.
John A. Ornell: I'm using the euro at somewhere around 128, 129; the yen, somewhere around 77; and the pound around 153. There are a basket of other currencies throughout the world that we do consider. These are the major currencies, but there are Canadian dollar, the Aussie dollar. There's other places that need to be considered. And I'm coming up with kind of a weak 2% effect in the first quarter, pretty full to a 2% effect for the full year, Ross.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: What scenarios for government funding are in your forecast? Do you assume something like an 8% cut to the NIH budget? Or are you assuming something less than that? If you could just walk me through that.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The NAIH -- the NIH budget isn't all of that important to our run rates, Dan. It's -- Oh, Christ, John, what's the amount that's directly...
John A. Ornell: $15 million or so direct. As a percent of our business, 2 at the very most. You try to roll in as best we can.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. And government spending overall, yes, is not that -- but it's clearly an area of cautiousness. I mean it's -- particularly it's an area of not only in the U.S. but in Japan and in Western Europe. So we are anticipating that, that is going to be slower next year than we saw this year, and it's probably going to be more flattish than anything else.
Daniel L. Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up. What are your expectations from your generic customer base given that we're in peak year of the cliff here? Do you expect they're going to continue buying as usual? Or did you see anything like a big bump in orders in advance of the genericization cliff that maybe will present a tough comp?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think you're really going to -- we think about the generic business kind of in 2 parts. A big part being in India and another big part being almost everywhere else. Some of it within big pharma companies. Some is independent, stand-alone generics. Clearly in India, we saw a slowdown in the fourth quarter that our accounts tell us is solely due to the weakness in the rupee and the need to recalculate their budgets and redo their capital. They're highly optimistic about returning to a significant growth phase as we go into 2012. We've seen that kind of behavior before, and we believe that, that's going to happen. If you look at the rest of our generic business, it was a good year in 2011. I see no indication on the part of those accounts that they've stopped investing for the future. And I think we're pretty confident as these accounts look at the productivity capabilities in UPLC that this is another area where the move to UPLC is likely to continue and offer us growth opportunities going forward. So overall, I'd say generics look good for 2012.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to get a little bit more color on the industrial chemical business segment. You talked about Europe and U.S. having slower growth. Can you put some numbers around that and give us some detail about how you're thinking about that segment in 2012?
John A. Ornell: Yes, I think we're a little bit cautious as we think about Western Europe and maybe a little bit of impact associated with a lower GDP in that region of the world. So we've seen, across this year, relatively strong growth in our industrial business including reasonable growth in that geography. We think we might see that business in Western Europe slow down. I think offsetting that to some extent is we have some pretty good confidence that with the TA division, there's a number of products that are recently introduced and others that are coming that will continue to drive growth at least in their portion of that industrial segment. So seeing it move to a mid-single-digit growth from a double-digit growth or a high-single-digit growth is probably a reasonable way to think about that business as we think about a 6% to 8% business overall. I'm not including in that food safety and other applications that I think will grow faster, but the segments that go to the Dows, DuPonts the 3Ms and their equivalent counterparts overseas are likely to be under a bit more pressure, we feel, in '12 as we move forward.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the good news is that those accounts generally are in good financial condition. They have improved their balance sheets, improved their earnings. So that might be an area where the results exceed our expectations coming up. Certainly, TA, you might consider is a little bit of a canary in a mineshaft, the kind of a high preponderance of business in those industrial accounts, particularly polymer application. And there's no real signs of slowing there. So that might be an area where we prove to be a little more conservative than the actuals.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just a quick follow-up, John, on the SG&A, can you just talk a little bit about the cadence for the year? Should it be flat throughout given the investments you've already made? Or are there any particular quarters where we should expect any bump ups in the absolute SG&A expense for 2012?
John A. Ornell: No, I don't think there's anything from a base of comparison that's, that difficult. I think you'll see SG&A track the sales growth minus 0.5 point to maybe 1.5 points difference in growth rate, if you will, across the year. So I would not expect to see major deltas by quarter as we think about the 4 quarters of '12 versus '11.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We did ramp up SG&A a little bit across 2011, so the comparisons are a little bit tougher in the first quarter and easier in later in the year.
John A. Ornell: Yes, but not dramatically so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just following up on some of the pharma questions earlier. Obviously, you saw some nice momentum here in that business. You talked about it growing faster than the overall business. Given where we are in the QA/QC adoption cycle for ACQUITY, why couldn't that continue to outgrow the overall business? I think your comment before was that could be closer to flattish for the year for large pharma.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No, I said large pharma -- let me repeat myself. Large pharma overall in the fourth quarter was flat growth, but it -- we did show incremental revenue from those large pharma, that we're talking the top 15 to 20 account sequentially during the year. So fourth quarter was the biggest quarter of the year, but it often is. So -- and pharma all in for the fourth quarter grew at the corporate average. So those are the facts. H-Class, for both the quarter and the year was the fastest-growing LC in our business, and the fastest-growing applications for H-Class were in small molecule QC, so just so we understand our factual situation. Now we think H-Class is going to continue to grow faster in those applications. It's really a question in pharma as to where the balance of that business comes in next year, R&D spending across the base of big accounts, generics and other biotech accounts. So right now, we're saying that, that's likely to be at the corporate average next year. If we see stronger penetration in the H-Class across the small molecule world, that's likely to be a benefit. But that's what we've got modeled in our expectation for 2012.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And are you seeing interest from customers for standardizing on H-Class? I know you had some customers previously standardize on ACQUITY before you launched H-Class, so just wondering if you're seeing that as well.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say we're seeing customers standardize on ACQUITY UPLC technology. We have some very clear examples of that. That may mean that they're using I-Class in research applications with mass spec, and they're using H-Class. We're still seeing a kind of powerful story for these accounts who have traditionally used HPLC in their quality control who like the idea of buying H-Class, being able to use it for their traditional methods with their traditional chemistries, as they take a longer time to upgrade to true UPLC applications. What's interesting is we really are seeing them migrate to UPLC applications. It's all a question of the pace and the momentum that, that builds. But I think the evidence is pretty strong that, that's the direction they're going in.
Tycho W. Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then you guys recently announced the partnership with Tecan for clinical assay platforms, obviously using your existing technology. But just talk a little bit how you're thinking about the clinical opportunity going forward that you've obviously touched on in various parts of the mass spec business previously.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think the clinical applications are an interesting area. I'd say in the last several years, we have devoted more time and attention to clinical applications than we have historically. We've been particularly successful, I'd say, in providing systems for clinical monitoring in the anti-rejection, immunosuppressant marketplace. We're seeing good success in vitamin D analysis. And as we've gotten more intense in those areas and we've built our organization up, we've looked at more opportunities to utilize particularly the power and the broad-spectrum capabilities of mass spectrometry to penetrate into areas that more traditionally used other diagnostic tests. So I would say, we're investing pro-rata more in that area. We think there are many opportunities. It's a very broad category, monitoring of pain medications, forensic analysis. It's -- when we talk about clinical, it's a broad area. And I'd say overall, you'd see that area of our business grow faster than average over the next 5 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: John, can you walk us through the cash assumptions in your modeling for '12, so specifically operating cash flow, CapEx, both the base level and whatever you're going to do on the micro mass facility and then your base assumptions for share repurchase, please?
John A. Ornell: Sure. Well, we think our net cash flow is going to be somewhere in the $500 million of free cash flow, if you will, after CapEx. CapEx is probably going to be somewhere around $75 million. Now that does not include capital that we'll deploy on the Manchester facility, which is likely to be somewhere between maybe $30 million and $35 million, depending on how quickly construction begins. As it relates to the share repurchase program, the guidance that I've provided contemplates share repurchases at about $70 million or so a quarter across the year in equivalent, but it's across the year. So about $280 million, $300 million or so in free cash flow procured evenly across the quarters for the year.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then the little acquisition you guys did in the third quarter, the contribution there, it basically rounds to 0, correct, on kind of the growth rate for '12?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, yes.
John A. Ornell: It's de minimis.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then, Doug, any comments just on the acquisition pipeline as it stands today? Are there more Anter-type acquisitions in the pipe? Or is there a midsized deal you see 6 to 12 months out? Just any commentary you can give us on...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I would say more on the Anter, slightly larger sized, but not medium sized. The ones we're talking about range on the revenue line from $5 million in revenue to maybe $15 million to $20 million in annual revenue, and we're tending to be more successful on the smaller ones and they've done very well over time for us. So we like to continue it, and we like the risk profile. And we'd love to do a $50 million one that was just as good, but those are harder to find.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Doug, the slightly less than expected EPS guidance for 2012, is that mostly driven by the top line uncertainty or of -- in those difficult comps in one -- in the first half or the negative effects from FX on the P&L?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm sorry. I didn't get the full gist. The slightly lower guidance for 2012, is that -- I'm sorry, I didn't get the implication.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Oh, and what are the moving parts there? Is it the top line uncertainty, the difficult comps in the first half or negative effects from FX on the P&L?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The biggest change -- we see 2 dynamics, I'd say. We're a little more cautious about the university and government piece of the business,  worldwide and the significant change in foreign currency year-over-year. And the foreign exchange, a 2% change. While we're relatively well hedged compared to a number of companies worldwide, there's no question that a stronger dollar does negatively affect our results. An estimate of how much that affects us next year's probably in the $0.10 range versus 2011. Is that's right, John?
John A. Ornell: $0.10 versus a flat currency scenario. So it's about $0.05 per point roughly. I mean, that can vary depending on which currency. But I would tell you that if we were talking about 6% to 8% growth with no currency impact, our earnings would be $0.10 or so higher than what we've described.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Got you. That's really helpful. And then the CRO strength, was that U.S. strength or emerging market?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That's worldwide. I'd say we saw a real strength in Western Europe, but generally, it's a common dynamic in our business that the CROs were strong.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then just use of capital, is there a high likelihood of expanding that buyback program and the potential pacing at the existing buyback?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, it's been true for about 9 years now. So I see no reason why it's not likely to be true. It would be unusual in the extreme for us to do significantly less than that. If there were a large meaningful acquisition on the horizon, which we don't see, that would change things. But absent an unusual transaction, we would continue to deploy cash to buy back our stock.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I just want to dig in a little bit on the academic stuff. So John, you said or, Doug, you basically said that you had strong G2 sales to your academic customers in Q4. Were the orders placed -- everything's off the map on September it sounds like for a lot of the companies. Were the orders placed for the G2s that you shipped in Q4, were those placed prior September? Or were they after September? I'm just trying to see if we're seeing -- whether we're seeing order growth in the academic markets late in the year.
John A. Ornell: There's some of each, Derik. There's no doubt though that we ended -- we went into Q4 with a very meaningful backlog on the G2. We booked orders in the fourth quarter as well that we were able to satisfy, and we booked orders in the fourth quarter that are now in backlog leading into Q1. So just the fact that the product was slow coming out of manufacturing that we did build up a meaningful backlog both in the second and third quarter for that product though in particular.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: ,  For the last 2 years, you've grown R&D over 9%. How should we think about R&D growth for 2012? It sounds like -- I mean, you've done some major product introductions. I would expect to see some moderation.
John A. Ornell: Yes, I'd say we're going to continue to spend on R&D as we need to. I would say that it's likely be closer to growth in sales than SG&A. It's possible in a quarter or 2 that you'll see as growing a bit faster than sales. Overall, we're not looking at changing in a meaningful way the percent of R&D, for some sales that R&D represents. But there will be some new products that will require some project expense. That's a little bit lumpy that you'll see across the quarters, but you're not talking about millions of dollars. You're talking $1 million perhaps in one quarter that's a little bit out of place versus prior year growth rate in one particular quarter that approaches 10%, for example, would be a pretty high expense in that quarter. So I don't think, in some total there's a lot of variability you'll see in our R&D spending as you think about this year versus history.
Derik De Bruin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then just one final question. So I thought one of your more interesting product introductions in 2011 was the UNIFI system and just trying to integrate your CDS with your mass spec system. And how has that been received by the market? And I would assume that the bioanalytical was kind of the first launch with that. I assume that there's other ones coming with that. I guess, can you just talk a little bit about your -- what you're kind of seeing for uptick?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think, what you've seen us do first with UNIFI is launch it on specific application systems. So regulated bioanalysis and bio pharm. When the UNIFI platform kicks in as a major dynamic is when it's launched as the full-service upgrade to our Empower, both single system and network system applications. That won't happen in 2012. So you're going to continue to see it operate as a powerful software platform on a specific niche product this year. The reaction has been very good, but I wouldn't have you believe that it has a major impact on our software business in 2012.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Jeff Ares - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is actually Jeff, in for Isaac. Looking at the academic, government piece, you guys seem to be a little bit more cautious heading in 2012 than you were in 2011. I think one of the things you highlighted this quarter that was weak was Japan. Is the addition of Japan being another weak geographic area the source of the incremental concern? Or are you guys just kind of taking a more cautious approach?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say it's just generally a more cautious worldwide approach given the fact that we're almost certain to see government budgets be more conservative going forward, not only in the United States but certainly in Western Europe and in Asia. So it's a broader dynamic rather than specifically Japan. In Japan, we've had tough conditions, particularly in our segments where government spending, if anything, was tilted more towards the effects of the tsunami and the earthquake rather than into more classical broad-based R&D applications. So we might actually see a little bit of benefit in Japan, but that remains to be seen.
Jeff Ares - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then kind of looking at it from the first half of this year and the second half versus what your outlook is for 2012, is it fair to say that your outlook is more cautious than what you experienced in the back half of this past year? Or is it kind of continuing the third quarter, fourth quarter run rate for the academic demand throughout '12?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I'd say our outlook for the first half is influenced more by the strength that we saw in the first half of our business last year, particularly the first quarter. Our fourth quarter, again, a bunch of dynamics going on there, but our absolute growth rate in the fourth quarter was a little bit lower than our full year growth rate and so that we're not expecting our run rates to change significantly as we go into 2012, but we are a little bit more cautious. particularly on the university and government side of our business. Combined with tough comparisons in the first half, I'd say that's the most notable structural difference in our outlook.
Jeff Ares - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess what I'm asking is from the fourth quarter what you saw in U.S. -- or global academic government to what you're expecting for the full year for 2012. Are you expecting a sequential deceleration?
John A. Ornell: Yes. We're thinking that government and academic could be flattish perhaps for 2012, and that's versus being up low- to mid-single-digit in 2011. So yes, we are thinking that it's possible that government agencies and the spend promoted by governments will be a little bit more pressured in '12 versus '11.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just wondering if this year we should expect some new products on the chemistry side for I-Class, and if so, what that might do for pricing or for margins on columns.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I wouldn't say anything unusual, but we will -- we're always introducing new flavors. But I wouldn't have you believe that a new platform introduction is imminent to affect that growth rate significantly, in really application-specific columns that are aimed as much as stimulating system sales as they are consumable sales.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then, Doug, I know you've commented on pharma quite a bit, but I guess just briefly, a lot of what we're hearing on biopharma in '12 is related to sort of the prioritization of late-stage projects towards trials maybe at the expense of some early-stage stuff. So -- but presumably this is not a new phenomenon. So I guess from your perspective, is there anything different about what you're hearing in the way that you're -- or the way that you're viewing to '12 versus '11 relative to project preferences?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think, certainly what one of the strongest application areas that we've seen in the second half of '11 is in biopharmaceutical QC. And that's, as you know, a much different animal than the typical QC applications for small molecular weight drugs. It's in some ways, more art than science there, but it's getting more refined and clearly demanding more advanced technologies like higher-end LC/MS. So we've been very gratified to see that our offerings in that biopharmaceutical world has been very well received. I think that is highly likely to continue through 2012. But I also think that particularly with monoclonal antibodies, a lot of research going on, a lot of that research pound for pound takes more higher-end analytical instrumentation than small molecule drugs. So I think that general dynamic works in our favor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sung Ji Nam with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: I just have 2 very quick ones. John, going back to growth margins, longer term, is there further headroom for growth aside from volume leverage? Or is it largely driven by product mix at this point?
John A. Ornell: Well, we've ended up over time with a manufacturing strategy that has moved products into Ireland, has moved products into Singapore, and across many years, we've been able to take advantage of that, both from a product cost perspective as well as a tax rate perspective. And I would tell you that right now, that program is pretty much complete. The businesses are growing with volume, but there aren't large numbers of products that continue to be ramped up to move into those lower-cost jurisdictions. All of that being said, when the business grows in the high-single digits, you're right. There's still volume leverage to be had, and thinking about the business, having 10, 20 basis points of gross margin expansion through the leverage of a fixed base of manufacturing cost is still true. We're a little cautious in stating that to flatly this year just given the fact that the lower end of our range perhaps doesn't provide all of that, and FX is a bit of a headwind this time. So I wouldn't say that the gross margin expansion party is over. Certainly, large leaps in the expansion are as a result of product transfers but small incremental movements with volume, which we continue to see as time goes forward.
Sung Ji Nam - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: And Doug, you mentioned in terms of the I-Class platform, primarily going as a front end to your research-based mass spectrometers. What component of that -- is it coming from product replacements of your legacy UPLC platform? And overtime, I would -- my question is what percentage of your overall legacy UPLC platform do you anticipate to be replaced with this I-Class platform?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think that's a very fair question. I think, currently, we'd say that I-Class is probably replacing classic ACQUITYs. And over time, you're probably going to see most of that research-grade ACQUITY translate from classic ACQUITY more to the I-Class. I think that will take a while. Certainly, we're pricing the I-Class at a premium to the classic UPLC, and we think that makes the most sense right now. But over time, those systems are likely to come together. Well, thank you all for being with us, and we appreciate high quality of questions and the interest. And we look forward to talking to you all again at the end of the first quarter. Take care.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Arthur G. Caputo - Executive Vice President and President of the Waters Division John A. Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steve Willoughby -  Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jeff Ares - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stephen S. Unger - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Julian Cochran - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. And as it is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's highlight, John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with an outlook for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q4 2011. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our current expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, in Part I under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings call and webcast is currently planned after January 2012. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached in our company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in the schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well our sales grew at 13% in the third quarter, and our adjusted earnings were up 15%. This growth in revenue is, I think, indicative of continued health in our end markets and the strength of our product offerings. During the quarter, we began shipping the new instrument systems that we launched at ASMS while enjoying the continued ramp of the performance-leading platforms that drove our growth during the first half of 2011.  Our key customer segments including Biopharmaceutical, Chemical and the combination of Government and Academic, all grew in the quarter while geographically, growth was more balanced than we might have expected, with the Americas, Europe and Asia all delivering constant currency sales growth within a few percentage points of one another. Overall, I think it was a very solid quarter. Within the Waters division, constant currency sales to the pharmaceutical industry grew at about the same rate as the overall business, with no significant changes in drivers from what we saw during the first half of the year. Applications within pharma that are driving growth include Regulated Bioanalysis, biological pharmaceutical development and QC testing.  Businesses CROs in the quarter was robust while sales to our largest accounts was sequentially above the second quarter's results and up year-over-year. Global government and university revenue growth was stronger in the third quarter than the second quarter, and continued shipments of research products such as our newly introduced SYNAPT G2-S should benefit university revenues as we close the year. Instrument sales to industrial chemical customers, a business you should know that represents less than 10% of our overall sales, held up fairly well in the quarter, with strength in Asian markets offsetting slower growth in Europe and the United States.  You look at TA. The division delivered yet another double-digit sales growth quarter. Sales growth for TA was also geographically balanced with strong growth across the division's product line. New business opportunities associated with high temperature and biological applications, along with broader adoption of recently introduced discovery platform instruments, provide us with confidence that the division can continue to grow in future quarters despite ongoing economy-related concerns. Sales within our applied markets, dominated by food and environmental applications grew at a double-digit rate in the quarter. On the food safety front, during the quarter, Waters participated in the opening of the International Food Safety Training Laboratory. It's located on the campus of the University of Maryland, and in cooperation with the University and the USFDA, together with Waters Corporation, it's the world's only permanent food safety lab that provides hands-on lab training and classroom lessons on regulatory standards, educating both international government agencies and food exporters. I think this is a great strategic investment for us, and I think you can look for more of these kinds of things as we go forward. Looking at our sales geographically. Constant currency sales growth in Europe exceeded our overall sales performance. Mass Spectrometry sales to government and university labs, as well as strong Food Analysis business highlighted our European performance. In Asia, outside of Japan, sales were in line with our expectations, with China and India continuing to fuel growth despite strong growth in the 2010 comparison quarter. Mass Spectrometry system sales to government and university accounts were meaningful contributors to our growth in China, while LC and LC/MS instrument sales to pharmaceutical accounts were strong in India. In the U.S., we benefited from strong chromatography instrument shipments to pharmaceutical accounts, continuing the trend of H-Class adoption that we saw during the first half of the year. Sales to university labs were down, likely due to a combination of funding issues and ordering delays associated with the continued evaluation of new high-end MS technology. Now I'll talk about a few product line dynamics that we saw in the quarter. Our recurring revenues, that is the combination of service and chromatography consumables, grew at a high single-digit rate in the quarter. The growth in chromatography consumables was primarily driven by ACQUITY column sales, while our service sales benefited from expanding business in our developing regions, including China, India, South America and Eastern Europe.  If you look at our Waters division instrument system sales, growth was higher for LC/MS instruments in the quarter, with continued strong sales of tandem quadrupole technology systems and the benefit of initial shipments of SYNAPT G2-S instruments. You may recall we introduced the SYNAPT G2-S, which is a research performance orthogonal Tof platform, at this year's ASMS Conference, and had informed customers that first shipments were planned for September of 2011. For our tandem quadrupole systems, the Xevo TQ-S and benchtop detector system sales were in high demand during the third quarter, with food testing and clinical applications leading the way. On the chromatography front, UPLC systems again grew at a double-digit rate, with H-Class dominating ACQUITY sales. During the quarter, we began shipping our new ACQUITY I-Class and we expect this enhanced UPLC technology to become the preferred front end in LC/MS instrument shipments in the upcoming quarters. As I mentioned earlier, customer demand for our new product momentum held up well in the quarter, and consequently, we delivered solid results. Financially, our margins and strong cash flow in the quarter are again indicative of the health of our business. During the quarter, we continued to invest in programs and new product initiatives to assure future growth while deploying our cash flow to aggressively repurchase our shares. As we close 2011 and look toward 2012, we see no reason to change our fundamental business strategy that has served us well for many years. That is a focused technology and product strategy, intent on expanding our market share by extending the application range of our technologies, broadening the global reach of our sales and continuously striving to offer unmatched customer service and support.  When you look at the fourth quarter and the start of 2012, we currently see a likely continuation of the trends that have supported our sales growth through the first 9 months of 2011. The macroeconomic uncertainties that have dominated recent headlines certainly have and will continue to require us to carefully monitor market conditions while we manage our business. In addition, as we make our way through the fourth quarter and into 2012, our quarterly and full year comparison periods will have relatively high sales growth rates that reflect the recovery that we saw from the 2009 weakness. However, at this point, I'm pleased to tell you that customers are continuing to deploy their 2011 capital budgets and are discussing with us new instrument requirements for their labs in 2012. So I think that's encouraging. Now I'd like to turn it over to John for a more detailed review of our financials and the future financial growth.
John A. Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. Third quarter sales increased by 13%, and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 16% to $1.14 this quarter compared to earnings of $0.98 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.10 this quarter versus $1.02 last year, and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Reviewing Q3 sales results in comparison to Q3 last year, sales were up 13%, and this growth includes 4 points of growth from foreign currency translation.  Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were up 8%, Europe sales were up 13%, Japan was up 6% and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 8% against the strong base of comparison. On the product front and in constant currency within the Waters division, instrument system sales increased by 10% and recurring revenues grew by 8% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, sales increased by 11% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q3 non-GAAP reported financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in as expected at 60.3%, up 90 basis points from Q3 last year and consistent with last quarter's performance. SG&A expenses increased by 11% this quarter. Our currency translation increased expenses by about 4% this quarter. R&D expenses increased by 14% with currency translation responsible for 2% of this difference [ph].   Our full year effective operating income tax rate came in a little higher than expected at 16.6%. This is 40 basis points higher than our July expectation and is due to a modest shift in profits to our higher tax rate jurisdictions. Applying this new tax rate to our year-to-date income results in a 17.4% operating tax rate within the quarter to catch up to the new full year 16.6% tax rate. EPS was reduced by $0.02 as a result. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1.2 billion and debt totaled $972 million, bringing us to a net cash position of about $222 million. During the quarter, the company refinanced its 5-year $1 billion bank facility that was set to expire at the end of 2011 into a new 5-year facility. As for share repurchases, we bought 1.8 million shares of our common stock for $144 million. This leaves $259 million remaining on the current authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any non-cash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. For Q3, free cash flow came in at $111 million after funding $16 million of CapEx. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 71 days this quarter, down 6 days from Q3 last year. Currency effects decreased DSO 2 days this quarter versus prior year. Inventories were about flat this quarter, but remained elevated from year-end levels. We expect inventories to decline in the fourth quarter as inventory build associated with new products is relieved. As we now think about the fourth quarter, we have a less favorable foreign exchange environment than we did back in July when we last gave guidance. In the current FX rates, it's likely that the currency will be closer to neutral to sales this quarter, maybe adding just a point -- half a point of currency for the full quarter. Regarding organic growth, we currently believe that 7% is a reasonable growth expectation for the quarter given a difficult base of comparison in our current business momentum. Moving down to P&L. Gross margins are expected to be about 61%. Operating expenses are expected to grow at above 4%, slower than previous quarters given an easier base of comparison and less FX impact. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $5.5 million, and we now expect our operating tax rate to be about 16.5%. Our fully-diluted average outstanding share count is likely to be near 91 million shares outstanding. And rolling all of this together, we currently expect Q4 non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $1.49 to $1.54 per share. On a full year basis, this would bring our sales growth to 13% with currency translation providing about 3% of this growth. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share would be in the range of $4.75 and $4.80. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Amy, at this point, I think we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: As we think about sort of the organic growth as we progress into 4Q, the 7% number implies a fairly strong macro environment relative to the comp. Most of the large industrials talked about CapEx slowdown into 4Q mid. Certainly, it doesn't look like you saw it in the quarter. But as you think about sort of puts and takes on that 7% number, where are the businesses where you have the sort of least visibility? And where, obviously, x consumables do you feel the most comfort in terms of the order rates that you've been seeing?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, Ross, I mean, maybe answer it this way. Because I do think you're right to point out that the comparable fourth quarter in 2010 was a strong quarter. So this comparison is somewhat more difficult than the third quarter. But we've tried to strike a balance between what we're seeing in our current business conditions and kind of what everybody's talking about around us. The -- certainly the things that encourage us is the response to our new products, the fact that we've only recently launched the G2-S and the response has been very strong. We really didn't get much kick out of the new I-Class in this quarter because we really just launched it in midyear and really only started shipping it late in the third quarter. So 2 very important products likely to continue to build momentum for us. The geographic balance that we saw in the quarter I think is very impressive. I mean if you'd asked us at this point last quarter about Europe, we would've been somewhat more pessimistic about what we were going to get out of Europe and actually somewhat more optimistic than what we saw out of some of the smaller areas in Asia. As it turned out, that was a bit of a flip-flop. We know the dynamics in Asia, and they're one-off sort of. We also originally thought that we'd be having to take down backlog to achieve these numbers in the third quarter, and we would not -- it was not necessary for us to take down back. So all of those things kind of add confidence to what we're expecting in the fourth quarter. On the other hand, you've got the continuing soap opera stuff in Europe that could significantly have an effect on government and university spending in particular. We haven't seen that so far. So that's a might be. You certainly have fiscal pressures around the world, certainly looming in the United States. We don't think that's likely to be a fourth quarter issue that could well impact 2012, and so that's probably what's looming. We just don't see from our early indicators of quotes, attendance at seminars, that kind of thing, to see any near-term issues that dramatically would conservatize our view of the fourth quarter.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess relative to the assumption on 7%, relative to what we saw last year, how much are you sort of dependent on a budget flush and sort of your typical end-of-year kind of step up? And to what degree, if you could just remind us, did we see that last year?
John A. Ornell: I'd say on the upfront, Ross, if you look at kind of the division of the business across the quarters, you typically see somewhere from 28% to 30% of our business in the third quarter, largely associated with that flush that you described. We're looking at the fourth quarter here being somewhat typical to maybe a little light versus history. So I would say that, yes, we're banking on a kind of a traditional year-end budget flush, but not one that's outlandish versus history.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and I guess just one final point on this. And so to the degree that you think back to past slowdowns, right, from a CapEx standpoint, so again I'm just focused on the instruments. Where and when do you typically start to see that show up in the order rate? Is there a lag between when you start to see economic indicators and/or customer budgets and/or customer revenues start to dip, and then you see it 3 months later, 6 months later, 9 months later? Is there some sort of correlation or sign for you guys that you're kind of looking for to get comfort in sort of where the trajectory is going?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Ross, I think the only substantive thing to say is we rarely see major changes in momentum this late in the year. Typically, what happens is that those budgets are pretty well set, particularly with big pharma, and they have taken the actions that they're likely to take for this year and they're focused on next year. So sometimes you can see large pharmaceutical accounts delay capital spending out of the first quarter into later on in the year. And frankly, that's probably with our largest customers what's become typical, that they're releasing less of their capital early on in the year and waiting to see how things evolve. I think we need to move on to the next question -- questioner.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jon Wood with Jefferies.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Doug, I understand your comments kind of on 2012 qualitatively in the prepared remarks. Can you just talk about how you guys are thinking about the budget next year? So I noticed operating expense growth about 4% in the fourth quarter. Will you guys set up 2012 to deliver P&L leverage if you guys experience an organic growth rate that's typically below what you guys see in a mid-cycle environment? Just anything you're willing to offer on how you're planning the expense side for next year would be helpful.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, Jon. I mean I think you're right to look at kind of the fourth quarter dynamics and recognize that particularly in this climate, we don't want to get carried away moving into the new year. So Art's being pretty conservative with his organization in terms of their spending plans, and that means that they'd like to spend more and we're holding back a bit. We think that's prudent in this climate and gives us some opportunity so that we don't have a big amount of spending going into a year when, if things slow down a bit, we can't moderate to accommodate it. So you know we're always planning to be able to leverage our bottom line to the extent that we grow expenses at a somewhat slower rate than we grow our top line. You can be certain that that's how we'll craft our budgets for 2012. And we typically craft our budgets so that we move incremental spending later on in the year rather than early in the year, and that gives us the ability to titrate that back if conditions should evolve more slowly than we currently think. So hopefully that gives you a flavor.
Jon Davis Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, that was very good. One quick last one for John. On the stock buyback side, any thoughts on 4Q? Looks like you stepped up 3Q rate quite a bit. What do we expect for the fourth quarter in terms of repurchase?
John A. Ornell: Yes, we definitely, hopefully, took advantage of what was a nice buying opportunity in the third quarter. The budget was to do the -- a buyback a little more equally with maybe $60 million to $70 million a quarter. We'll do at least that in the fourth quarter and see what else we might exercise beyond that. But I'd say a base case of somewhere around $75 million is probably reasonable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Jeff Ares - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is actually Jeff in for Isaac. Looking back to the time period, knowing it's still different now than back in '08, '09. How can you describe what you're seeing is different now in terms of your visibility? And also, looking at the expense structure, what have you done in the last 3 years that gives you a little bit more leverage if we do see a slowing as we start into next year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think there are a whole bunch of differences between what we see now versus what was going on in 2008, probably macroeconomic economists are better equipped to tell you. But from my perspective, what happened in 2008 was much more sudden. What we're seeing now, if anything, looks like a lazy curveball that's been coming in it seems like forever. If you talk about Europe or you look at the fiscal pressures facing the U.S -- in 2008, we saw the rapid decline of the auto industry in the U.S. and worldwide that had a pretty dramatic effect -- derivative effect through the industrial chemical worldwide marketplace. We saw our business kind of from the major chemical suppliers really go down as they saw their business evaporate with the auto companies. We certainly just saw that rapid movement and people responding to that kind of stimulus immediately. I think it's really different now because people had one eye on a coming slowdown in government and academic. What happens, are we going to have a double-dip recession, et cetera. It's a much different mindset that companies have had, and companies have been much more prudent as to their spending plans. So I think we've been living with that. It's not likely that you're setting up to fall off a cliff. Might be setting up to look at slower conditions than we currently see, but I don't see a dramatic movement from the kind of conditions that we're seeing. And as we say, as our early indicators are as we go into the fourth quarter, certainly we're not seeing that kind of wary. But we're seeing a constant concern or cautiousness across the board with maybe the exception of some of our Asian businesses that continue to be pretty robust.
Jeff Ares - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And looking at the Asian businesses, I know the growth was coming off from a tougher comp. Could you maybe provide a little bit more color of how the growth in emerging markets turn throughout the quarter, both on a sequential and geographic basis?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Are you speaking about Asia in particular?
Jeff Ares - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, Asia. Anywhere -- India, China, any of the smaller countries as well.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, no. I think the India and China business continue to be very strong. Stronger than the average Asia business, interestingly. We're seeing some dynamics in the countries where we're facing local currency weakness. Frankly, we think we see some of that in India with rupee weakness but the business continues to be strong through that. So it's really some of the smaller territories in Asia. Reasonably strong, interestingly enough, in Japan. Very strong in China and very strong India. And I think we don't see any indications that the dynamics, including our product line and the customer availability of capital, is changing that.
Jeff Ares - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I guess it's more on the lines of the purchasing power that some of these smaller countries are declining as their currencies have moved in. It's kind of like we saw in '09 with India, is that correct?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I probably see some of that, although it hasn't been consistent. We're seeing some customers complain about the cost going up because of weaker currencies, and then they bounce back the following quarter. So I think to some extent, these countries are still investing in the kind of food safety laboratories and regulated and pharmaceutical businesses. And I think they're finding the way to invest. Just on another front, the emerging -- well, not emerging, but the growth markets in Latin America also continue to be strong. Mexico, Brazil, and actually some of the smaller South American countries. Brazil has really come on in the last couple of years and boy, we've looked to the next 5 or 6 years in Brazil and that could well become what India and China have done in the last 3 or 4 years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Doug, I just want to make sure that I understand your characterization of expenses in Q4. This is more preemptive, is that correct? And I'm sorry, just to slide a second in on an end market with pharma. Amgen did make comments they had fired some people on exploratory a couple of weeks back. Pfizer is moving some folks from Groton up to Cambridge. Just as it pertains to the pharma customer, if I may. Doug, are there any changes at any of the feel, any of Art's folks are seeing today that you think lead you to believe that there's any change in that dynamic that may lead to some reduction in the early part of '12 or at any other point in time or is it just status quo?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Tony, I think any quarter, particularly with the number of pharma companies that we're doing business with, you see some of that going on and I got to say, every quarter we've seen some of it. With -- whether it's AstraZeneca or Pfizer moving to reduce resources and sandwich several quarters ago. I think what we're seeing is the net balance of all of those things so far has resulted in increased investment. Just today or yesterday, Novartis talked about restructuring some business in Switzerland, I think principally because of the strength of the Swiss franc. But they reiterated there's not much of that that's hitting their laboratory or their R&D resources. I think that's probably the most consistent dynamic that we see. Is that net-net, the large pharmas have in major ways gone through their restructuring. They've addressed a lot of their R&D spending in the last 4 or 5 years as they saw this looming issue of products going off patent. They still do some of it around the edges and the fringes, and your comments about Amgen, I'm sure part of that. But for the most part, we've seen new initiatives and new investments more than make up for it. And I think that's what we've seen so far, and kind of the indications are more or less along those lines as we go on forward. In terms of the fourth quarter, they -- we're always at this point of the year cognizant of the budget structuring that's coming for next year. It's hard not to be a little bit more cautious with an eye to everything going on in the world. So maybe we're a little bit more cognizant of not putting increased heads on the ground that don't pay for themselves very quickly. And we did have a good comparison in terms of the expense load in the base versus this year. But we're not doing, I wouldn't say, anything heroic to manage expenses in the fourth quarter. We just probably have a little extra dose of prudency that goes into that mix.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Adam [ph] in for Amit today. I was just wondering, you mentioned on your commentary that you saw slower growth in industrial in the Europe and the U.S., and I was wondering if you could provide a little more color on that.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, let's see. I think we characterize kind of the overall characterization of our industrial accounts. I think it's safe to say that TA does the bulk of their business in industrial accounts and they had a good quarter with those accounts. But in the Waters business, you're talking about environmental accounts, the classical large chemical accounts that are the DuPonts, the Dows of the world. And that business was a little bit slower all in than the rest of our business, but not tremendously so. But it was slower than the residual of the business.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And then I also had a question on guidance for full year fiscal '11. So it looks like it came down from 480 to 490 that you gave out on the second quarter call. I'm just wondering what the difference is, if it was all FX-related? If there was something else that I maybe missed in the commentary?
John A. Ornell: Yes, FX is about 1.5 points or so of reduction versus where rates were initially. So there's a few cents, $0.04 associated with that. We've just tweaked back our organic expectation to 7 from just over 7, couple of cents. Tax is $0.01, so it is about $0.08 or so midpoint to midpoint but it's different from where we were before largely due to FX.
Operator: Next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So I guess a couple of questions. As the patent clip sort of hits, are you expecting, or I guess it's are you expecting -- could you see a decrease in demand for drug manufacturing QA/QC, Big Pharma, and is that going to be offset by increased demand from your generic customers? And I guess I've had a question from clients basically asking if how's the pill count going to change, and are you positioned to -- are you as strongly positioned in the generic markets to meet the increased pill count likely there as you were in the Big Pharma markets as that changes? I guess, if could you just talk about the dynamic of where you are in the Big Pharma accounts, how the manufacturing's likely to change, and where you are in the generic account --
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think, I'll ask Art to comment in a second. But the pill count is almost certainly to go up as a result of that dynamic, and our market share in generics is very high. So to the extent that generics are investing to cover that increased demand, I'm highly confident that we'll get more than our share of the potential business. As it relates to patents, products coming off patent, price -- if Big Pharma hasn't seen this cliff coming at them for the last 10 years and we've [ph] been dealing with it for that length of time in the restructuring. Now maybe when they get in the middle of it. It's more an issue of do the things they have in plans and the new products that they hope to come into play, if those don't come to fruition, and they have to deal more significantly and it affects their R&D, then of course, they could cut back further. I think -- I believe that they have substantially addressed this problem in the past 5 years as an industry. So I don't expect that you're going to see just because a cholesterol drug comes off patent in a year or so that that specific action is going to be reflected in management actions then. They haven't taken those actions by now, there's no way to make up for it when that tsunami hits. But Art, do you want to comment on...
Arthur G. Caputo: Yes. Most of what you said, Doug, is exactly the case. The added element is that many of these companies as of few years ago, really started to emphasize expanding off of the traditional small molecule drug development and have added large molecule drug development eyeing the pharmaceutical marketplace to support their business. And that in itself is also a very strong offsetting factor. So the pushes and shoves, net-net is, and I think you could see it in our results today, is this response that that industry has developed over the last few years that I think is giving us the ability to maintain our business in the large accounts and find additional opportunities in the generics. And even now, the generics are starting to take a close look at their future and saying, "The small molecule pipeline might run out. We need to start looking at the Biopharmaceutical segment as well," and they're beginning to gear up to understand what they have to do to do business there. So if you take these factors, it's still very active and vibrant, and we're up to our necks and working with these companies, not only looking at current needs but working with them to establish the future.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Excellent point.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just one follow-up question, if I may, and it's a quick one. I guess, are you better positioned in the generic markets with ACQUITY than you were in Big Pharma, the QA/QC line? So they adopted the ACQUITY more generally?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. ACQUITY, initially -- of course, when a generic company incorporates a drug coming off patent, their first and most economic -- economically prudent direction is to replicate exactly what had been happening. But the other element that has made ACQUITY so successful in the generic world is that as soon as the drug comes off patent, more than one generic company starts chasing it. And whoever can get the market first in the generic world usually takes a dominant position on that new drug in their portfolio. So ACQUITY has proven to be one of the major tools that they use to accelerate their development work to enter the market with the drugs that come off patent. So we've seen outstanding response from the generic market, and it's actually -- to be frank, the generic companies have adopted ACQUITY at a much faster rate than the Big Pharma accounts early on in the introduction of that product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie Capital.
Jonathan P. Groberg - Macquarie Research: Just one question for you, Doug. I guess, as I look at the new products pipeline, the new product portfolio that you currently have I should say, and then compare it to the past, I mean it seems like it's about as forward it's ever been. And I'm just curious what the pipeline looks like and how you're thinking about R&D and how you maintain this momentum, I guess, in what could be a little bit more of a difficult environment over the next couple of years.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think it's an insightful question, Jon, because I think we clearly are different from a number of players in the tool space, and that we kind of live and hopefully not die on our ability to continue to bring new capabilities that customers want to the marketplace. And that's how we've maintained our strong growth rate over the years. It hasn't been through consistently deploying a lot of capital on high-cost acquisitions. And I think you -- we're proud of that record and what we've been able to deliver in terms of novel, innovative capabilities to this worldwide marketplace. I think you see it in the G2-S, the I-Class, the whole ACQUITY revolution that Waters really brought to the marketplace these last several years. I think you're going to see the emerging investment that we've made in data come to the market and we've begun to bring that. But a unified platform, which was a major investment for us over the past 5 years, and actually continues to be, is going to I think pay a lot of dividends as it becomes harder and harder for many competitors to make that kind of investment which encompasses the broad fields of both chromatography data and Mass Spectrometry. You're certainly going to see TA fill out their new discovery platform across the various models in the whole thermal area, as well as to take advantage of the bolt-on kind of high-temperature acquisitions that they've made. That is probably the one area where we've been more active, in the small bolt-on acquisitions space. So we think that the R&D pipeline for the next several years is very rich, and I mean if you think about it, the G2-S has really only started shipping this quarter. The I-Class is really not even -- just a few units shipped in the third quarter. So you got almost a full year of implementation of those products as we go into 2012. So we're optimistic about our opportunities to make hay with this new product offering.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.
Steve Willoughby - : Two quick ones. First, I know you guys mentioned you made a small acquisition in the TA business last quarter. Just wonder if you could comment on how much revenue that added this quarter. And then secondly, given last year there was some timing shifts on the new product launches, so I'm just wondering how shipments of the new product launches compared to your expectations going into the quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: In terms of the shipments, of expectations, we're just about right on our expectation. But the interesting thing was that our original model had us taking down that original backlog. And in fact, with -- particularly with the G2-S, we did take some of that backlog down. But our order rate was robust enough so that we didn't really ship greater than our order rate in the quarter. I think that's a strong indicator of the strength of the business.
John A. Ornell: The Anter acquisition added about $500,000 or 1.5 points of growth to the TA division.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It really does happened late in the quarter and was de minimis.
Operator: The next question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Quintin J. Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: The H-Class seems to be continuing to progress nicely. Have you been able to parse out -- is that an upgrade cycle from all the alliances out there, the market share? What other trends are you seeing, Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Let Art chime in here, since he's driven this thing.
Arthur G. Caputo: Yes. The H-Class, which as we've spoken about in the past, was really designed to pick up on our original ACQUITY market position. And so the H-Class is, as I would describe it, is probably half and half. Half the people who are buying H-Classes are representing people who are buying traditional HPLC systems, both either Waters or competitive units, and they're buying the H-Class with the idea of utilizing that as a future protection on their existing HPLC methods. What we found is that they, probably within a one year, 1.5 period really become active on trying to upgrade their separations to true UPLC. The other half of the H-Class sales are, in fact, purely us moving that technology into areas that were competitive areas. And I'd have to say that coming in with that technology forces the customer to wonder if they are keeping up with the times in terms of their future capability. That product now has broad -- very broad-based approval across the marketplace. And so word-of-mouth has gotten out there, and I'd say that we're in many of the sales that we probably would not have been exposed to in the competitive environment. So it splits about half base business transition. The other half is genuine new business for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Sorry, I joined the call late so apologies if this has been asked. Just around the Novartis cut. What's your take on that? And they seem to be the largest spender within pharma, so does that hurt you?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, yes, that was just announced so it's a little hard to tell exactly what the dynamics are going to be. But their public remarks are that it's certainly not focused on their R&D spending. It remains to be seen how much it really can affect them, as we did respond to it a little bit before. But I'm sorry, I'm getting...
John A. Ornell: It's 1% of our business principally that's going to be potentially impacted in some fashion. So we really don't know what that impact is going to be, but it's of 1%, so it's not likely to be all that meaningful.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Did that answer your question, Peter?
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Yes. No, that definitely helps frame things. And then on academia. Just the impact these grant extensions. Do you think that could dampen their instrument spend in 4Q? And apologies if it's been asked.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The whole issue of academic spending, we talked about -- we're not seeing a dramatic change in the academic environment currently. We're all speculating on what the effect of government funding of grants, what the fiscal -- coming fiscal pressures will mean. What it means in Europe versus the U.S. But best we can say is that the academic environment is not a tremendously large piece of our worldwide business. We're not seeing direct impact of drawn out grant times so far. I'd say we will let into the overall dynamics for 2012. It's one of the considerations, but it's probably not one of the more significant ones.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company.
Shaun Rodriguez: This is Shaun for Doug. Another one on a hypothetical situation where organic growth might slow next year. How do you feel about your ability  to pull the levers that you did in the last downturn? And I know that you talked about your operational cost structure and strategy, but what about specifically your ability to buyback shares pretty aggressively as you did the last time around?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we think we have plenty of dry powder as it relates to a stock buyback. If there was kind of a secular reduction in stock values because of marketplace fear or something like that, I think we've shown that we can balance our operating expense spending with demand dynamics in any meaningful period. If the bottom falls out of demand in any one quarter as it did in the fourth quarter of 2008, you can't catch up with those fall-off-the-cliff dynamics in any one quarter. But you certainly saw that in 2009, we have maintained very good earnings growth in spite of flat demand. So in that kind of environment, I'm confident that we can balance our spending over a broader timeframe. Can't overnight, but we also think that we are kind of being prudent as we go into a period that has some question in it. So we feel reasonably good about our flexibility as long as -- and we do not foresee the kind of dynamics that happened in 2008, frankly. We could see a period of fiscal uncertainty and we could see some demand questions, but we don't see anything dramatic like happened in 2008.
Shaun Rodriguez: Great. And one more quick one if I could. You mentioned a good quarter for your CRO business. I just wanted to know if you could provide a little bit more detail on whether this is a dynamic driven by one or few larger players or if it was more broad-based?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It was more broad-based. Sometimes it's hard to get -- we speculate on the macro dynamics that it is. We think that in this period, when large pharma is outsourcing more business to CROs, then CROs are gaining a little bit more negotiating power in terms of the economics and saying, "You've got to leave more up to me and how I invest for productivity," and they're looking to things like our ACQUITY to drive more productivity. So we think it's indicative of those kinds of dynamics. And frankly, I think they're favorable to us. Let's see. Operator, I think we can take maybe 3 more questions. I'm cognizant of coming up on an hour here, so maybe we'll take 3 more questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Unger with Lazard.
Stephen S. Unger - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Quickly, just, did LC for research purposes, did those sales grow year-over-year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes.
John A. Ornell: Yes.
Stephen S. Unger - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: It did. And was that higher or lower than the company average?
John A. Ornell: About the same.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: About the same.
Stephen S. Unger - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: About the same. And that's without the I-Class contributing meaningfully?
John A. Ornell: That's correct.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Right.
Stephen S. Unger - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Excellent, okay. And then just on the fourth quarter. I know you had a tough comparison in general with the strong quarter last year. What geographies are the hardest compares? Is it China, is it India or is it the U.S.?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think it's all 3.
John A. Ornell: It was pretty broad-based. I know we had a very strong fourth quarter in China, specifically, but ASIA in general. But the overall growth was pretty good across the board, so we're looking at a challenge in each of these environments, probably the largest of which is in Asia.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMC.
Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Doug, a few minutes ago in your comments, you talked about UNIFI, and part of the strategy seems to be to moved toward more enterprise-wide sales rather than kind of seek specific licenses. Are you starting to see that happen, and to what degree do you think that would also impact instrument sales? I mean can software drive instrument purchases for you guys?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Simply put, I think the answer is yes. But Art, do you want to...
Arthur G. Caputo: Yes. The way UNIFI is being rolled out. In our enterprise-wide business, we have a very high share [ph] power system. As we rolled out UNIFI, our strategy was to initially roll it out in the form of workstations, meaning specific applications handling small laboratory systems, largely focused from an application standpoint. And so the current releases of UNIFI, initially we put out in a biopharmaceutical system design for that application. The most recent intro a few months ago was for the regulated bioanalysis market space. As we get into next year, we began to expand into more generalized position. The year after that, we will roll into the enterprise-wide marketplace. The reason why the enterprise-wide marketplace is the last on the list, it's we find that our customers will not quickly move off their existing enterprise system. It takes them time to reevaluate it, revalidate and move forward. And while this is upgradable, we're giving them front time before we actually bring it to the marketplace to see how it operates. So the whole strategy, because of its greater, much higher complexity compared to our previous launches, we've chosen to roll it out in this fashion. We believe that will give us the greatest impact. But the ultimate gain will be replacement for the enterprise-wide system, we don't see that happening yet for another couple of years.
Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then can you talk to the competitive dynamics in the PLC market? And obviously post the Dionex deal by Fisher -- by Thermo, but also Shabbat do [ph] making a little bit more of a push here. Are you seeing any more aggressive pricing or any changes in the competitive dynamic between them and Amgen as well?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say it's been a competitive -- most people have now come to the marketplace with some higher pressure systems. We haven't seen any dramatic changes in the competitive environment from the recent introductions, haven't suffered any deterioration in pricing as a result of that, and I'd say it's not a lot of news.
Tycho W Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Then last one, quick one.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm sorry, we've got to go on. We're running out of time here, and I want to take a few more questions from people who haven't had a chance. So we have to go on.
Operator: So our next question comes from Dan Arias with UBS.
Daniel Arias - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just on the H-Class, I'm wondering if at this point whether you have a sense of the percentage of customers running HPLC methods on the system versus those who have made the technology transition to UPLC?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. Art, do you want to take that?
Arthur G. Caputo: Yes. Our estimate is roughly somewhere between 1/3 and 1/2 of the customers that buy into the H-Class, buy it with the idea of transferring their HPLC method, but with the opportunity to begin exploring improvements in productivity by shifting to UPLC. This is the primary advantage of that platform and how it's been positioned in the marketplace. So roughly 1/3 to 1/2 begin on LC. We usually see within a year or so now, we begin to see that development moving forward. The other half to 2/3 of the people who buy H-Class jump right into the UPLC application.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Operator, I think we can take one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann.
Julian Cochran - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: This is actually Julian in for Dan. I was wondering if you could provide any color on what you're seeing on the food safety front, specifically in the U.S. Are you seeing any sort of pickup in demand following the legislation passed earlier in the beginning of the year and what you expect from this market going forward? I mean, also I guess maybe any trends internationally if noteworthy.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. We had a very good quarter in the food safety -- the broad food, and including the food safety. I would say we still think that the promise in the U.S. as it relates to the new regulation is largely to come, not in our current run rate. We think our strategic investments in this area with the new training lab at the University of Maryland, and the opportunity to build on that around the world, really becoming interesting. We have a lot of interested sovereign locations recognizing the need to train their people, both within the government sector as well as with the industrial sector, in these emerging food producers and food exporters. It's been very encouraging, and I think bodes very well for continuing to have that area of our business grow at a faster clip.
Operator: At this time, there are no other questions.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay. Well, thank you all for staying with us. We know we went a little bit longer but it seems like there was that interest. So we hope to talk to you again in another quarter. Take care.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John Ornell - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC Sung Ji Nam - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC Unknown Analyst -  Charles Butler - Barclays Capital Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call as usual is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. And as our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, and then John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the third quarter and for the full year. Before we get going, however, I'd like John to cover the usual cautionary language.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q3 and full year 2011. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, in Part I under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 2011.  During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, our sales in the quarter grew 14%, and our adjusted earnings were up about 16%. This growth in revenue and earnings, although a little lighter than we had anticipated, was driven by an order volume that was higher than reported sales. Highlights of the quarter include significant new product launches at the ASMS Conference, strong recurring revenue growth and continued double-digit Asian sales growth. The stronger orders that I referred to and the accompanying backlog build were significantly associated with bookings for newly introduced products with third quarter shipping terms.  In the United States, sales to combined government and academic institutions were soft in the second quarter, and orders from pharmaceutical customers slowed as we approached the quarter's close. On the other hand, our chemical analysis business continued with good momentum.  Globally, Waters Division sales to the pharmaceutical end market were in line with the division's overall growth rate, with particular strength observed in Western Europe, Latin America and India. Applications within pharma that are driving growth include Regulated Bioanalysis, biological pharmaceutical development and QC testing. Here, I'm referring to protein and peptide-based therapeutics. ACQUITY H-Class uptake remained strong in QC application. Sales in our largest accounts grew sequentially from a strong first quarter performance and also in comparison to the prior year's quarterly result.  Global government and university spending was soft for the Waters Division and moderately impacted overall sales growth. The major exceptions to this trend were China and Latin America where we saw double-digit sales increases. Though we are not overly optimistic about worldwide governmental support for research for the foreseeable future, we do feel that our innovative new systems, especially in high-end mass spectrometry, will allow us to compete favorably within this more challenging funding environment.  Sales to industrial chemical accounts varied somewhat by geography with stronger growth in developing countries than what we saw in Western Europe and the U.S. Our TA Instruments Division's strong performance corroborates continued underlying strength in industrial spending.  If you look at TA, the division delivered yet another double-digit sales growth quarter. Sales growth for TA was geographically balanced and included revenues associated with shipment of the new discovery DSC instrument. This new -- this system is the launch of a new instrument platform configuration that will embody the majority of TA's future performance-leading thermal offerings. Also interesting to note is that earlier this month, we closed a smaller-sized acquisition that secures technology, which will allow TA to pursue higher-temperature thermal analysis measurements critical to the characterization of materials such as ceramics and metals.  Sales for our applied markets dominated by food and environmental applications grew at a double-digit rate in the quarter. In Japan, our business has rebounded nicely in light of the circumstances endured there during the first part of the year. The drivers of growth in Japan were a pickup in our service business and strong sales of LC/MS systems for chemical analysis applications.  Constant currency sales growth in Europe for the Waters Division was consistent with the company's overall performance, with stronger pharmaceutical results driving Western European growth and chemical analysis segments performing well in Eastern Europe. In the second half of 2011, we anticipate that pharmaceutical spending, primarily in larger Western European countries, and continued strength in Eastern Europe will continue to drive growth. In light of all the concerns around macroeconomic issues in Europe, we are pleased that our business has maintained positive momentum and that we in fact built backlog associated with new product introductions that we plan to ship in the third quarter.  In Asia x Japan, sales were in line with our expectations with China continuing as the growth engine with significant year-over-year acceleration in university spending and very robust chemical analysis growth. Our second half outlook for Asia x Japan is for a continuation of the strong performance delivered year-to-date.  Now I'll discuss some product line dynamics that we saw in the quarter. And afterwards, I'll briefly review our ASMS new system launches.  Our recurring revenue, the combination of service and chromatography consumables, posted strong results in the quarter, growing close to 10% in constant currency. The growth in chromatography consumables was primarily driven by ACQUITY column sales in our more mature markets and by overall strong column sales in developing markets, most notably China, Eastern Europe and Latin America. Similarly, our service business benefited from faster growth in the same developing markets.  Looking at our Waters Division instrument system sales, growth was comparable for LC and LC/MS instruments. On the chromatography front, UPLC systems grew at a double-digit rate with H-Class now dominating ACQUITY sales. And our new ACQUITY I-Class will start shipping in the third quarter.  LC/MS system growth was primarily driven by tandem quadrupole placements in the quarter with our high-sensitivity Xevo TQ-S, capturing more bioanalytical opportunities, and our workhorse TQD base systems more heavily devoted to food, environmental and clinical new instrument sales.  SYNAPT MS demand slowed in the quarter, especially in comparison to strong academic shipments in the 2010 quarter and in anticipation of the new SYNAPT G2-S that we introduced at ASMS in early June. At ASMS, we showcased 3 significant new instrument system launches: the aforementioned SYNAPT G2-S in both MS and HDMS configurations; a system for Regulated Bioanalysis, incorporating a new ACQUITY I-Class front end; and a replacement for our successful TQD workhorse tandem quadrupole that we have named the XEVO TQD. I encourage you all to go to our website for more detailed information about each of these new systems, and I'm pleased to tell you that we plan customer shipments for all of these systems in the third quarter.  A significant launch for us at ASMS was a new application-focused instrument system for Regulated Bioanalysis. Our Regulated Bioanalysis System integrates a new ACQUITY I-Class UPLC with our Xevo TQ-S mass spectrometer, all operating with a tailored version of our new unified operating system. This system is the result of an exhaustive effort to thoroughly understand the workflow of scientists working in drug development and to layer on to this workflow the most advanced technologies to prepare samples, effect superior separation and detection and to finally amass all this critical information in a secure and easy-to-navigate information management system.  We believe that our new Regulated Bioanalysis System does this and more by not only addressing the current needs of the market but anticipating future requirements, especially in the areas of data integrity and advanced separation chemistries for biologically sensitized drugs. Combining these new systems with the business momentum that we are enjoying with our ACQUITY H-Class sales, I think Waters is in an advantageous position.  However, that is not stopping us from pursuing an aggressive new product introduction plan that you will see us execute over the next several quarters. We have a strong new product pipeline and remain committed to maintaining our position as an industry leader.  So how are we to look at the remainder of 2011 and beyond? Well, I remain positive on our outlook for the second half of 2011. After a somewhat muted finish to the second quarter, especially in the U.S., and ahead of the July 4 holiday, the third quarter has started off well, and I'm encouraged by the customer reception to our newly introduced systems. I also feel that the major business benefits of our new system launches will be most apparent as the year progresses and should allow us to continue to show nice top line growth despite a more challenging base of comparison. In all I feel that the full year growth outlook that I shared with you in April remains intact and that 2011 should prove to be another year of market-leading growth and profitability for Waters. So at this time, I'd like to turn it over to John for a more detailed financial review.
John Ornell: Thank you, Doug. And good morning. Second quarter sales increased by 14%, and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 16% at $1.08 this quarter compared to $0.93 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.07 this quarter versus $0.90 last year, and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning.  Reviewing Q2 sales results in comparison to Q2 last year. Sales were up 14%. This growth includes 6 points of growth from foreign currency translation.  Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects. Sales in the U.S. were up 2%, Europe sales were up 6%, Japan was up 11% and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 14%.  On the product front and in constant currency within the Waters Division, instrument system sales increased by 6%, and recurring revenues grew by 9% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, sales increased by 10% versus prior year.  Now I would like to comment on our Q2 non-GAAP reported financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in at 60.7%, up 40 basis points from Q2 last year. This quarter, we saw positive effects on margins from manufacturing cost reductions, volume leverage and favorable currency comparison. SG&A expenses increased by 17% this quarter, with currency translation responsible for about 6.5 points of this increase. We had expected SG&A to grow more quickly earlier in the year due to difficult comparisons, and this quarter's growth was additionally impacted by stronger foreign exchange effects than projected and higher costs associated with new product launches. Looking forward, we expect SG&A to grow about -- with sales in the third quarter and slower than sales in the fourth quarter.  R&D expenses increased by 11% this quarter with currency translation responsible for 3 points of this growth. Our full year effective operating income tax rate came in a little better than expected at 16.2%.  On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1.1 billion, and debt totaled $836 million, bringing us to a net cash position of about $285 million. As for share repurchases, we bought 845,000 shares of our common stock for $81 million. This leaves $403 million to go on the current authorized share repurchase program.  We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any noncash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items.  For Q2, free cash flow came in on target at $88 million after funding $19 million of CapEx, netting back $9 million of noncash tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Through the half, free cash flow is $199 million versus $197 million last year.  Accounts receivable day sales outstanding stood at 74 days this quarter, up one day from Q2 last year. Currency effects increased DSO 2 days this quarter versus prior year.  Inventories were up $18 million this quarter. Currency translation accounts for about $3 million of this increase. We expect inventories to decline as we approach the end of the year as product build associated with new products is relieved.  Overall, our second quarter's performance was slightly less than we anticipated on both the top line and bottom line as we experienced a slowing of business in the U.S. late in the quarter. Since then, demand in the U.S. has rebounded, and we now believe that these events were largely temporary and related to ordering delays associated with new product introductions at ASMS and the 4th of July holiday.  As we begin third quarter with a larger than anticipated backlog providing additional confidence early in the quarter. The softness we saw in the government academic markets, we believe, will be tempered by growing interest in our new mass spec products, and that even in a more difficult funding environment, we will see some improvement here in the second half versus our Q2 results.  As we think about the remainder of 2011, we continue to see relevant stability in our end markets and continued momentum in the acceptance of our new products. We continue to expect to see around a 10% growth in sales for full year 2011 before currency translation. And at today's rates, currency is likely to add 3 points to reported sales growth.  Moving down the P&L. Gross margins for the full year are expected to be between 60.5% and 61% as we continue to be favorably affected by product cost reductions and volume leverage, offsetting margin pressure from new product introductions. Currency at today's levels looks to be slightly favorable to margins in the second half of the year. Operating expenses are expected to grow about equal to sales in the third quarter and at a slower rate than sales in the fourth quarter.  Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $17 million, and we now expect an operating tax rate to be about 16%. Our fully diluted average outstanding share count is likely to decrease by 1.5 million shares in 2011. Rolling all of this together, we currently -- we continue to expect non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $4.80 to $4.90.  For Q3, we expect organic sales growth of about 9%. Currency translation at today's levels is expected to add about 4% to sales growth this quarter, bringing reported revenue growth to about 13%. Gross margins percentage is expected to be comparable to Q2, and operating expenses are expected to grow about equal to sales. And we plan to proceed on our share repurchase program under the authorized $500 million program. All of this is expected to result in a third quarter non-GAAP EPS of between $1.10 and $1.15 per fully diluted share. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Operator, at this point, I think we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann. [Technical Difficulty]
Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC: Just one quick one and a follow-up. The delta versus expectations in the quarter. I understand the weakness in U.S. academia, but I guess why would July 4 have played a particular surprising role versus expectations?
John Ornell: Yes, we saw in the U.S. much less of a hockey stick in the last week of the quarter. The business was off pretty significantly as we advanced in week 13, and we saw a lot of that business actually come back early in Q3. So we were a little surprised to see the softening as that week went on. I think for a lot of people, maybe Wednesday, the 30th, was the end of their fiscal quarter, and we saw much less business than is normal in the closing of the week, Thursday and Friday. As we look at the first few weeks in the U.S., again Q3, we saw a lot of that business come right through and so a lot of the orders that we were chasing at the end of the second quarter have been booked and shipped as we speak. So it appears that the strength in the U.S. is kind of back to what we would have expected early in the quarter, and it appears to us to be merely a delay and not anything more than that at this stage.
Douglas Berthiaume: But Dan, just to be sure, that's kind of one factor. We were expecting to be able to close more business. ASMS was more significant on the high-end mass spec side. We think that kind of delayed some existing product orders. That also seems to be a hypothesis that's playing out in what we're seeing early on in the third quarter. So yes, we did see that weakness. We're doing our best to understand it. And of course, when you hear the sales management and the sales force say, "Gee, I expected to get that order," "I expected to be able to ship it, but it didn't," well, the fact that it did come in the first week in July and then shipped first week in August, excuse me...
John Ornell: In July.
Douglas Berthiaume: No, first week of July. Yes, I'll get there. It adds credibility to that. That's all I think John is saying. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: So it seems like, to Dan's point, the bigger delta was on sort of the Waters instrument line. If you had to sort of tease out kind of timing effect based on new product launches, some of the weakness you saw specifically in the U.S., kind of mass spec versus LC, I'm just trying to get a bit more color in terms of the components of how you would attribute the delta between whatever the internal forecast was and sort of what was reported on an instrument basis since that's where it seems to be kind of the major focus point.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think that as we look at the areas where we saw the softness develop, I would say that as we look at the government academic piece, that appears to be much more heavily weighted towards the timing of the new product launches. There's a fair amount of interest in that segment, in the new, as you talked, G2-S. We believe that as that product begins to make its way to demo labs and then ramps up production across the quarter, that we're likely to see some relief with the shipments to that customer base. There’s some words booked already for that instrument and a lot of interest, and it is no doubt that it had slowed, the order ramp post-ASMS, as we began to promote that instrument. Now we knew some of that was going to happen, and we did anticipate that a backlog build would develop from that. But the backlog build was much larger associated with that instrument than we had estimated. On the LC side, I would say that there were just a significant number of pharma accounts in the U.S. that just tailed off business in -- late in the quarter. And that's the business that's already come in and shipped early in the third quarter. So we've seen -- we saw a decline in our pharma business in the U.S. from about 8% or thereabouts in the first quarter to about 4% growth in the second quarter, and that seems to have turned right back around and come back to us early in Q3. So that's a little bit more color on what we've seen in those couple of markets.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: And maybe just to sort of dig in a bit more, I mean, obviously, from a macro basis, there was kind of a deterioration in confidence sort of in the time period. You highlighted where you started to see some weakness at the beginning part of July, end of June just based on all that was going on in Europe and in the U.S. on the debt side. If you start to think about the trends you've seen so far in 3Q, obviously you said it's improved. How well do you think -- if you think about the typical pacing of your -- of a normal Q3, how well do you think that sort of characterizes kind of the rest of the trend for the quarter in the context that: Are the first few weeks of Q3 important? Are the last 3 weeks -- I'm just trying to get a sense for how Q3 differs versus other quarters in terms of typical pacing, and how much confidence we should take in sort of the early trend to read through the whole quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think your question's a good one because 3 weeks do not a quarter make. We're encouraged because it specifically points to the issues that we saw kind of in the latter part of the second quarter in the U.S. And so we're specifically seeing unusual early strength in that segment of our business coming as we speak. So it's not like a surge in Chinese Waters is offsetting weakness in the U.S. It kind of adds a clear level of confidence that what the field was telling us was happening in the latter part of the second quarter seems to be playing out as they were confident that those orders were coming in. And they're coming in at a growth level that's over and above what you'd expect out of a normal beginning to the quarter. So that is clearly encouraging to us. We're still -- we're not taking that current run rate of our business and straight lining it for the quarter. Frankly, if we did, our growth rate would be much higher. But what it certainly does is give us a level of confidence that our outlook has a degree of credibility to us that's warranted given the current start to the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: So you guys maintained full year guidance. You talked about some of the Q2 business shifting into Q3. However, it looks like your expectations for the second half were actually more backloaded than what the Street was expecting. Specifically, it looks like you guided Q3 maybe below where the Street was on an organic basis. Or certainly, it doesn't look like it was any better than where the Street was, again in spite of the fact that some of those Q2 sales seem to move into Q3. Were we just too aggressive with our Q3 expectations? Or is there some reason now that you're now thinking that sales are going to be more backloaded than certainly what we were expecting previously?
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say that as we look at the ramp-up of the new products, we expect to begin to ship the new G2-S starting in early September. We'll be ramping that up across the third month of the quarter and certainly ramping it through all of Q4 to meet the demand that we expect for that product. So the fact that we're early on in preproduction, moving to production in these products gives us a level of confidence that a 9% growth this quarter, certainly coming into the quarter with a meaningful backlog, makes sense to us. But we think that really, the real benefit of these new products is really going to be seen in the fourth quarter. So there is a little bit of a shift, if you will, associated with these products into the fourth quarter. Additionally, we've got a little bit better currency environment. So that plays a little bit of a factor in the fourth quarter as well as the third quarter, and it's currency that's kind of offsetting the delta in the second quarter to keep that full year guidance intact.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And one quick follow-up. Any chance you would provide a little bit more detail on how much higher book-to-bill was this quarter than the last few quarters given that you did call that out as a sign that the business was still strong and improving net against...
Douglas Berthiaume: One level of flavor is that our backlog builds -- with significant lag terms, and it was substantially higher than it is traditionally in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Maybe just to follow up a little bit on the last one, Doug or John. Given the shortfall in the second quarter and the outlook for the third quarter, why maintain guidance here? I guess it looks pretty aggressive at this point. And just given the fact that, as you just witnessed in the second quarter, you don't always have the best visibility in terms of what's going to happen. I mean, do you have any thoughts as to maybe tempering guidance a little bit and then seeing if things play out better than you expect?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, Jon, we’ve gone through many, many years of this, we've tried through all of our inputs to draw a pretty mid-line between a conservative outlook, a liberal outlook and a mainline outlook of what we see. We certainly saw a slower close to the second quarter than we anticipated, and that would have tempered our outlook somewhat for the coming year. But when we roll up all the factors, we look at the new product launches, we look at the backlog position, we look at our current run rate of our business, we look at the field inputs and we draw that middle line, we say, "We don't want to yo-yo people, we don't want to yo-yo our own organization into allowing spending to creep up a little bit and then to haul it back." So we think we're -- we've got a forecast for the rest of the year and guidance here at the same level of credibility that we would normally have. It doesn't make it a dead solid cinch, but neither does it make it an extraordinary amount of risk that goes into it. We think we're drawing that same middle line with an opportunity. You've seen us in previous quarters exceed our guidance. And somebody might have said, "Well, you're seeing that." Well, we don't think we're seeing that. We think we kind of have the opportunity to exceed these numbers. And there's some risk, as we saw this last quarter, that we might underachieve them, but we haven't changed our practice. I guess that's my -- and yes, you could say arbitrarily take it down by some arbitrary number, but we know that's not our policy and it's not our practice. So we haven't done it.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay, fair enough. If I could just follow up then. You mentioned pharma got weak, I think, in the U.S. in the second quarter, but it seems that, that was one that seems to have rebounded. I guess where do you currently sit in terms of your comfort level with replacement market brewing in the QA/QC market for pharma and kind of the timing of that?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I just, as John said -- the specific area where we saw the most softness was in the U.S. And that's the specific area where we've seen the most rebound coming in our current results in the third quarter. So I think that's an encouraging dynamic. We had a pretty good first quarter in the U.S. We anticipated that to continue. It was less robust than we thought.
John Ornell: And the H-Class actually did pretty well in the quarter in spite of the overall results. The original ACQUITY saw some meaningful softness and some shift to the I-Class. We did obviously see some reduction in the growth in both H-Class and Alliance, but those 2 have come right back around, as Doug said, as we get to the third quarter. The I-Class will begin shipping late August, and we expect to see growth in the research grade side of the LC market once we put that I-Class into position in the second half of the quarter.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay, great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: And Doug, I wonder if you could just parse out the slowing growth you saw in pharma, how -- whether it's large, small, generic, CROs? And kind of which businesses bounced back?
Douglas Berthiaume: I'm sorry, Pete, I missed half of that question. Can you repeat that?
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: It's just regarding the slowing growth in Pharma and could you parse that out? I know you have large, small, generic CROs kind of parsed into the same group. I wonder if you could break that out.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, I think we saw, particularly in the U.S., that slowing would be most dominated by the large accounts. So that's where -- and that's typically where we have pretty good visibility. And that's also where we've seen a number of those orders come in early in the third quarter. So I would say it's mainly a large account dynamic. That doesn't necessarily mean ethical. We now have some very large bio and generic accounts. But I'd say the weakness that we saw was in the large accounts.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: And then the strength in the TA business. What's the outlook there? And is that predominantly driven by Asia?
Douglas Berthiaume: Probably our highest growth within the developing world, including Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe. But TA's remarkably consistent across geographies. And I would say it'll be interesting as the new DSC really gets rolling, and we've really just started rolling that out. You'd expect that to get the most play in your most sophisticated accounts, and that would have an impact in the U.S. and in Western Europe. So I'm optimistic that TA could even surprise us a little, although Terry Kelly would deny that to me. But I think they've got a good roll on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla of Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: I want to know if you could just expand a little bit about on the industrial end markets. You talked about some softness in U.S. and Europe. So could you get into a little more detail there?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, John, you want to start with that?
John Ornell: Sure, yes. I would say the traditional chemical industry accounts, were the area where the softness -- or the large producers that we all know had a somewhat softer quarter in Q2 versus prior year. Where we saw strength continued to be in the applied markets, so we -- the food safety, the environmental, beverage, we continued to see an uptake of our instrument systems there. Our triple quadrupole placements were actually pretty good in those areas. So that's somewhat a continuation of a trend that we saw coming into the quarter and not really too much of a surprise. It's really the applied markets that have been driving growth, and that's continuing as we speak.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: And how much of the food safety component is coming from new legislation versus just traditional growth in that market?
John Ornell: I don't think we're seeing a lot of dynamic from new legislation. But most of it's coming from applications and accounts that we've identified in our traditional line. And the impact of that legislation is still yet to be seen.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And just quickly on the academic government side in the U.S. Your outlook is for that to be just continued weakness, but you have new products coming in to help your business growth. But overall outlook will be weak for the market. Is that fair?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, I think we're expecting that the market dynamic is going to be flattish. We think that we have the opportunity to do better with the new products because we saw weakness in kind of the cutting edge proteomics and life science research. Those applications tend to be higher on the priority list for spending. And with -- and we know we saw some delays in the -- as a result of the G2-S introduction that go into those applications. But we're still reluctant to bank too much on that whole market because the uncertainty of funding. So that doesn’t factor significantly into our expectations for growth for the second half.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Okay, great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Sorry to dial in on the pharma dynamic again. But just to be clear, was the slowdown -- and obviously, things have picked up this quarter, but was the slowdown there a function of pharma evaluating some of the new product cycles? Or was there something more to it? And can you just talk along those lines about how you're thinking about I-Class going into pharma discovery when you launch in the third quarter?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, I wish I could be very definitive about it, Tycho. We saw good performance there in the first quarter, and then it slowed a bit in the second quarter. H-Class continues to do well, although it grew at a slower rate than in the first quarter. We clearly saw on some of the higher-end research applications customers wanting to wait because the I-Class that we introduced clearly has kind of eye-popping performance. And so in those front-end research applications where performance is kind of controlled, I think we clearly saw a delay in ACQUITY orders because of the introduction of the I-Class, and we won't be shipping that until the third quarter. So that's something we can specifically point to. And other than that, traditionally I'd say we see the big pharma accounts delaying their capital spend at the front end of the year. And sometimes, they delay it right up until the fourth quarter. That doesn't mean they don’t spend anything, but they hold back significant pieces of those capital budgets. We thought, with the first quarter performance, that we saw a difference there. And yet in the second quarter, we saw some reluctance to spend in those large accounts. Now I'll tell you, we have looked exhaustively at competitive dynamics. And in an account -- do we lose share in specific accounts? I can tell you unequivocally that we don't think that, that dynamic is occurring. Clearly, we don't have 100% of the market. And clearly, we lose some bids and win others. But as a broad characterization, this was not a competitive dynamic that we saw in the second quarter. And we -- again we see some signs that it could well have been temporary. Now whether that was because these accounts worried about macroeconomics or they worried about regulation, it's hard to tell. But we do see some signs that it's not continuing into the third quarter.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And how are you thinking about your own level of spending? I mean, you've always talked about that's going to be somewhat dependent on top line growth. And understanding you're not changing guidance for the year, but are you holding back a little bit on spending in the near term? Or how are you thinking about that having an impact.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think we're being careful. I think -- again, it's important to recognize that in 2010, we were pretty conservative with our spending plan through the first half of the year. And then you can see that as our volume increased, we increased our SG&A spending as the year went along. So we had tough compares in the first half of 2011 versus that tighter spending situation in the first half of 2010. As we go through this year, those comparisons clearly get easier. But in the second quarter, we did spend more given the robustness of that new product position, particularly on the G2-S and the new I-Class. So we're not going to have to repeat that as we go through the year. I think the second quarter was a little bit of an anomaly as you look at our SG&A spend. John, would you agree with that?
John Ornell: No, I would agree. And I would say certainly, by the time you get to the fourth quarter, we're going to have a very favorable comparison. And you're going to see the SG&A growth come down dramatically. In the third quarter, there’s still a little bit of a difficult comparison and SG&A is likely to be a little less than sales. In the second quarter, we had the ASMS rollout, we had a number of costs associated with that, including the large number of people that we sent to the show given the -- a large user meeting, and the lag that was there. So there's no doubt that the spend will decline on those types of activities as we make our way through the back half of the year, and you'll see SG&A become more rational as we exit the year.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then geographically, I mean, it looks like Europe was okay, up about 6%. We've seen some other data points in the space that suggest that Europe has gotten a little bit softer. Have you seen anything thus far in the third quarter that indicates a change in sentiment in Europe?
Douglas Berthiaume: No. I'd say particularly, the area of Europe that I've been -- had a higher level of concern with is Western Europe. The traditional -- and historically, where I've been more worried is the large countries. But in general, particularly the U.K., has been very good. Germany has been good. France may be a little bit lighter. And in many of the areas where you see macro government issues, we're not seeing the issues in our accounts. So Western Europe has been remarkably resilient through this, and the eastern areas have been very strong. So we clearly continue to see some investment of those traditional Western European companies being put into the areas in Eastern Europe. But even despite that, we're seeing good performance in our traditional Western European geographies.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then one last quick one. You guys had more of an emphasis, it seemed like, on software earlier this year, Pittcon. Are you seeing software as a vehicle to kind of drive instrument sales? And can you just talk about UNIFI and how you're viewing the software?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, Tycho, to be fair, software has always been an important part of our systems approach. And I would think certainly in the sophisticated user community, going back to our -- going back even before Millennium, but Millennium and Empower have -- had overwhelming market shares in those applications. But of course, when mass spec became a more significant part of our product line and the various software products proliferated between HPLC and mass spec, that's when we saw the need to really manage this within one platform, and that was the birth of UNIFI. I think it's been a long haul. It's been a massive project. And you're beginning to see us move into the market with the early iterations of it, particularly with our introduction of the bioproduct earlier this year. But the real significant launches of that come over the next year and a half as UNIFI really kind of replaces our existing software platforms. We think that's going to be a major significant market-moving dynamic, but it's not going to come this year. And so it's a very important strategic position for us. You may see the results kind of embodied within a system sale as opposed to an individual software sale. But you're absolutely right that it's an important part of our R&D spending, and it's an important strategic part of our future system sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: On the SG&A line, so you talked about the new product launches. You also talked about FX. Were there some FX volatility in the quarter that you didn't expect that caused the number to be higher? And then as you look out in the back half of the year, could you repeat again what you said in the prepared remarks about your FX expectations which affect margins?
John Ornell: Yes. As it relates to the second quarter, we had a expectation that currency would lift expenses by 5%. And instead of that, the expenses were lifted about 6.5% associated with currency. So the -- versus original expectations, we had a somewhat stronger euro than I had originally forecast, and that lifted the expenses in the European area that lifted up our percent and higher the overall translated costs versus the original plan. So that was about 1/2 of the overage in SG&A that -- versus what I had expected. And then secondly, we had about another 1.5% growth in SG&A organically associated with the activities around the new products that we felt was warranted given the impact that those products would have later in the year. And then in the second half guidance on currency, we said that currency in the third quarter would be 4 points of pleasure on the top line. That will be modestly accretive to the gross margin performance. Gross margins as a percent of sales, I think will be very comparable to what we saw in the second quarter. And in the fourth quarter, it looks like currency is going to be about 2% positive based on where rates are today.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then as a follow-up, Doug, you -- I appreciate the color on what you see as in terms of the competitive environment and market share. What are you seeing in ASPs? I mean, are your products, especially the new products, are the customers comfortable with that? Or are they expecting maybe more discounting given their budgetary pressures?
John Ornell: Well, I think you can see from our margins that we're not seeing extraordinary discounting, Quintin. And I would say that we're not facing anything unusual. We still see that customer -- frankly, you can just look at the product, look at the G2-S. It is the how -- the mass spec product line. And it's premium price, not discount price. You always in individual competitive situations have customers who might be trying to get an extra point or 2 of discount. That's kind of noise level in our business. I wouldn't say that there's any overall dynamic that suggests that prices are going downstream. I think they're holding. And the product mix may actually be suggesting it leans more. The I-Class is a more premium priced product than the ACQUITY that it will ultimately replace. The G2-S is a higher-end product. So -- and the DSC in TA's world has very good prices and very good margin. So I just don't see any overall dynamic that would lead me in that direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I just want to ask a first one on pharma spending. Could you maybe speak to any customer concentration that might have impacted the late second quarter dynamic that you mentioned? And then could you also comment on any progress you had that was measurable regarding attach rates for H-Class on this quarter?
Douglas Berthiaume: I'm sorry, Isaac. The concentration question, could you repeat that?
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, was there any handful of large pharma customers that really drove the dynamic late in the quarter that you mentioned around the 4th of July? Or was it more broad based among a wide range of large pharmas?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, I -- there were a couple absolutely notable ones that we're working and we thought we'd close in the second quarter that ultimately closed in the first 2 weeks of July. So I'd say we can point to specific issues. But I’d say the overall dynamic of the large pharma accounts being softer in the second quarter than the first quarter wasn’t a 1 or 2. That was a broader dynamic. It's never 100%. I mean, we had some good performing accounts, but it was more broad based than we expected, particularly coming out of the first quarter.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got you. And then a follow-up was on the attach rates for the H-Class. Any noticeable uptick in the attach rates? And I had another question on expenses.
Douglas Berthiaume: I wouldn't say noticeable uptick. It still continues to be good.
John Ornell: The chemistry growth was double digit actually this quarter, and it was the ACQUITY columns that really drove that increase, attaching it specifically to H-Class versus traditional ACQUITY card. But certainly, the ACQUITY columns continue to be the driver of growth in the chemistry business and pushing it to double digit.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. And then just one last one from me on expenses. Gross margins there looked a little better. And I'm wondering how we should think about the impact of the continued volume ramp in H-Class for the back half of the year and what that impact would be on gross margins. And then along with that, I think you mentioned the SG&A run rate having had a bit of a blip in the second quarter related to ASMS. Is that the right run rate to look at in the back half exclusive of sort of your revenue ramp?
Douglas Berthiaume: As it relates to margins, in the third quarter, I said that you'd see the gross margin percentage being comparable to what you saw in the second. Could the H-Class placements drive that a little bit higher? I mean, that's possible. But my model right now would suggest that you think about the third quarter having a gross margin percentage comparable to the second quarter. That will actually be a fairly good relative comparison to Q3 last year where the margins were under 60%. And then in the fourth quarter, the volume leverage typically pushes the gross margins even beyond the high end of the range that I’ve supplied, the 61%, pushing the full year then somewhere between 60.5% and 61%. So I'd say the new products are likely to somewhat favorably affect margins, but that's kind of built in to some extent to the model that I'm describing to you. On SG&A, we're looking at still a little bit more of a difficult comparison in the third quarter. So I'm going to model SG&A growing about with sales there. And that does include 4 points of currency translation. And then by the fourth quarter, you're going to see the SG&A growth rate be maybe half the growth rate thereabouts of what you see on the sales line as a result of a rather easy base of comparison as we had a growth in the expenses in the fourth quarter and we had an overage in the fourth quarter's performance where there was a bit more variable compensation cost included in the fourth quarter that we've spread across the quarters this year.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it, got it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Barclays Capital.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: I just wanted to round out the comments on geography, comment on India and India alone. And then the second question is -- and again, apologies for increasing questions on the pharmaceutical side end market, but could you focus some thoughts or some questions around just the generic manufacturers? What are you seeing there? Has that been a change as well? And had that been part of the delay in Q2? Or has that been a steady run rate?
Douglas Berthiaume: India continues to do well. It is true that India did a little slower growth in the quarter than they had in the past couple of quarters. But I don't think it's anything extraordinary. They had always planned that this quarter, it was up against a good comparison last year. And I don't think it's anything to particularly worry about. We're still anticipating good, double-digit growth coming out of India in the second half. So I think India continues to be a situation that's consistent with what we've seen for the past year or so. Generics were I'd say consistent with the experience that we had across the pharma. We had some very good performance, some not-so-good performance. And overall, we saw a slower growth rate in generics in the second quarter than we did in the first. Again, we don't think that's related to any consistent dynamic. We think that's the -- just almost serendipity. We don't hear a consistent story coming out of those. We fully expect that we're going to continue to see good growth coming out of generics as we go along. So...
John Ornell: It was a rather tough comp on the generics.
Douglas Berthiaume: Those were tough comps in the second quarter of last year, and we see nothing out of those accounts other than good, long-term expectations of higher investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sung Ji Nam with Gleacher.
Sung Ji Nam - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: So you guys launched a lot of products in the last 12, 18 months. And could you maybe prioritize or rank for us kind of the biggest growth drivers going forward from these product launches? And also maybe talk about how much growth going forward is coming from market expansion versus product replacement cycles?
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure. I think in the very near past, last year we launched the TQ-S tandem quadrupole that was specifically aimed at taking some share in the regulated bioanalysis marketplace. And this year, we combined that with the new I-Class for our Regulated Bioanalysis System. So that I-Class was just launched at ASMS, so you didn't see any result of that in our second quarter results. But the TQ-S has had excellent response in the marketplace. It has led to good, strong, double-digit triple quad performance consistently since its introduction. And we anticipate that continuing to happen. The new TQD that we launched at ASMS, again we'll start to see results from that in the second half of this year. We're doing well in the applied markets. That's principally where we'll focus the TQD, the Xevo TQD as we're terming it. And I think that will continue the momentum there. The second half results will probably most be affected by the SYNAPT G2-S where we launched that at ASMS. We're already seeing response in our order rate. We're expecting significant shipments of that in the end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. So I would say that on the high-end side, the I-Class introduction on the UPLC front, I think, marks a further pushing of the envelope in the UPLC sphere. It by far will be the best performing UPLC. We expect it will dominate the front end of mass spectrometers and should take a good position in classic UPLC applications and those high-end research applications. So I guess that's the order that I suggest. Good possibility in Regulated Bioanalysis from the TQ-S and the I-Class, and we expect strong results from the SYNAPT G2-S. I think, operator, in the interest of time, we can probably take one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight [ph] with CLSA.
Unknown Analyst - : Doug, did academic get better as the quarter concluded?
Douglas Berthiaume: No. I'd say it was pretty consistent. I mean, we really saw that -- it became more and more reinforced, I'd say, as the quarter went along. But it wasn't...
John Ornell: And it was really, I'd say, post-ASMS that we really began to see more interest than we originally anticipated in some of the -- specifically the G2-S. And the business there tailed off meaningfully after that and has created some order backlog since then. But it was really -- that one was more pronounced associated with the new product offerings.
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay, I think I appreciate everybody staying on even a little past our normal time. And hopefully, we covered all those questions. If you have any more, I'm sure Gene and John will be standing by to answer the more detailed financial questions. And we’ll look forward to updating you next quarter. Thank you all for sticking with us.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Ornell - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration Arthur Caputo - Executive Vice President and President of the Waters Division Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley Sung Ji Nam - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Charles Butler - Barclays Capital Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning, welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters division; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations.  As is our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's highlights and John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q2 and full year 2011. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that the actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled earnings release conference call and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 2011. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to our company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operation, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, we're very pleased with our first quarter results and encouraged by the broad strength that we saw across our product lines, geographies and markets. The trend of improving end markets and strong acceptance of our new systems that we've now seen over multiple quarters is very encouraging.  During this quarter, our organic sales growth was 14%, and we delivered 28% adjusted earnings per share growth due primarily to strong shipment volume and effective expense leverage. Instrument sales, that is the hardware sales, grew organically at more than 20%, led by continued rapid uptake of our ACQUITY H-Class UPLC and Xevo UPLC/MS Systems.  As you may recall, we began shipping our H-Class UPLC system in the first quarter of 2010. And during the past year, H-Class has been a remarkable success for us, as we've seen consistent and growing demand for this innovative system across our customer segments and especially among our pharmaceutical users, as they've upgraded their laboratories. Bringing in our business geographically, I'd like to start off by speaking about our situation in Japan. Most important, we are grateful that our employees are safe, and we are not aware of casualties among our many loyal customers. The resiliency of our staff and their dedication to ensuring the continued operation of instrumentation in our customers' labs has been very impressive. For weeks, they've endured disruptions in electrical power and in the public transportation system while working long hours under extremely stressful conditions. We're thankful for these extraordinary efforts and certainly continue to keep all of the people in Japan in our thoughts and prayers through these trying times. During the first quarter, our sales in Japan were roughly flat against a very difficult basic comparison. You may recall, we benefited from significant government stimulus demand in Japan during the first quarter of 2010. In fact, for the quarter, our sales volume was in line with the expected demand included in our January guidance.  Moving forward, we remain concerned about the situation in Japan, but are hopeful that the most difficult conditions impacting our business may be behind us. Adjusting for currency, Japan has represented about 10% of our sales. And at this time, we have only marginally reduced our revenue outlook for the full year. However, a further deterioration of infrastructure in the country is a potential risk to our business that we will continue to monitor as the year goes by.  Our business in Asia, outside of Japan, performed very well in the quarter, especially in China and India. Our business in India benefited -- excuse me, our business in China benefited from significant governmental investment in instrumentation accompanied by strong broad underlying business growth. In India, sales of instruments for QC testing to support generic drug manufacturing were augmented by a nice pickup in demand for mass spectrometry, mass spectrometry-based systems for a variety of research and testing applications. Coming into this year, we have been somewhat concerned about demand in Europe for new instrument systems as general economic conditions there appear to be somewhat fragile. Having those expectations, we were pleased with our sales growth in the first quarter.  In Western Europe, pharmaceutical and applied chemical analysis sales, largely driven by our new mass spectrometry systems were particularly strong. University and governmental spending, a concern for us given publicized austerity measures showed reasonable growth in the quarter. In addition, our Eastern European markets delivered another strong quarterly performance with nice double digit year-over-year sales growth. Finally, looking at sales in the Americas, developing markets in South America continued to deliver a strong double-digit growth, while in the U.S., pharmaceutical and applied chemical analysis sales more than offset expected weaker [ph] combined government and university shipments. Continuing to review the Waters division business. As many of you know, the broadly defined pharmaceutical market has historically accounted for more than half of Waters sales and accordingly it has been a significant factor in our success and a consistent focus of our product development and marketing efforts.  Over the last few quarters, I've spoken to you about early trends signaling a recovery in pharmaceutical spending for liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry technologies. In addition, we have over the past year introduced significant new instrument systems well suited for applications that span the drug discovery development and quality control processes. While in the first quarter, our level of confidence in a meaningful recovery of pharmaceutical spending improved further, as sales to this segment grew even faster than our overall revenue. Looking more closely at our breakdown of pharma sales, the strength was very broad as generics, CROs and our larger ethical [ph] accounts all delivered strong double-digit growth. As I mentioned earlier, our newer system offerings, including the ACQUITY H-Class and our Xevo MS Systems helped accelerate our business in the quarter. And I'll now mention that a significant proportion of that growth was for pharmaceutical applications. Our outlook for the remainder of this year assumes that we will continue to benefit from a healthy level of demand from our pharmaceutical customers, as we feel capital budgets are in place and that our current and upcoming new products will generate healthy order flow.  On the new product front, we have planned significant new instrument system introductions during the first half of this year. At this year's Pittsburgh conference, in early March, significant launches included a new supercritical fluid chromatography platform for analytical SSC applications that leverages design and performance features of our ACQUITY UPLC system. This system was introduced with a suite of new SSC columns based on our small particle UFC technology -- UPLC, excuse me.  At the conference, we also showcased a new analytical systems specifically targeted at biopharmaceutical applications. This new system brings together our ACQUITY UPLC separations technology with a new high performance Xevo time-of-flight mass spectrometer, all running under a new software offering that we have called UNIFI. UNIFI is a key new operating system that uniquely brings together key workflow functionality from our successful Empower, MassLynx and the Genesis software platforms. In this first commercial embodiment of UNIFI, it enables an easy-to-use system solution that is designed to help UPLC/MS migrate more easily from research to quality control applications or bio synthesized pharmaceuticals.  Our plan is to gradually expand the range of tailored systems utilizing UNIFI and at this year's upcoming ASMS Conference in Denver, we plan to speak about future systems offerings that leverage this unique and leading software capability.  I'll also tell you that this year's ASMS is likely to be a very exciting event for Waters as significant product launches are planned and many technical presentation highlighting new applications will be presented by our scientific staff. Return to our TA Instruments division. Sales grew at 12% organically for the quarter. Its performance was highlighted by strong growth in developing markets, new applications for thermal systems, particularly in the energy area and for biocalorimetry instruments.  During the quarter, TA saw a strong demand for its new discovery DSC [Differential Scanning Calorimeters ] system. The strong demand in combination with new product launches planned for this year suggests that 2011 can again be a strong year for our TA division.  On the financial front, our confidence of the top line growth for 2011 has resulted in plans to selectively increase our internal spending. To support higher shipment levels of new instrument systems, we have begun to modestly increase our field staffing levels, especially in developing markets. Generally, we have and will continue to plan for overall annual organic expense growth but are slower than our top line growth and in this way create meaningful leverage to ensure that our operating income will grow faster than our revenues.  As a management team, we have always focused on strong cash generation as we feel it is a metric that best measures the strength and efficiency of any business. Now I'm happy to tell you that our free cash flow in the quarter was an impressive $112 million. A rate of about $0.25 for each sales dollar. So in closing, I'd like to say that we're encouraged by our start to 2011. We feel that the factors that drove growth in the first quarter are largely sustainable, that our new product pipeline will enhance our competitive position, and our strategy of focusing on select technology and faster growing end markets will allow us to continue to deliver superior top line and bottom line performance. So with that, I'd like to turn it over to John for a look at our financial analysis.
John Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. First quarter sales increased by 16% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 28% at $1.04 this quarter compared to earnings of $0.81 last year.  On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.01 this quarter versus $0.79 last year and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning.  Reviewing Q1 sales results in comparison to Q1 last year, sales were up 16% with currency translation contributing 2 points to the sales growth. This result is much better than we expected as our customers capital spending started of the year stronger than forecast, especially in our pharmaceutical end markets.  Looking out our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were up 8%, Europe sales were up 12%, Japan was down 1% and sales in Asia, outside of Japan, were up 29%.  Turning to the product front, within the Waters Instruments -- within the Waters division. Instrument system sales increased by 23% and recurring revenues grew 7% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, sales increased by 12% versus prior year.  Now I would like to comment on our Q1 non-GAAP reported financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in at 60.3%, the same as Q1 last year. The positive effects of manufacturing cost reductions and volume leverage were offset by unfavorable currency comparisons this quarter.  SG&A and R&D expenses increased about as expected, and this quarter's double-digit growth percentages were affected by difficult base of comparison where in early 2010 discretionary spending was constrained exiting the recession of 2009.  Our full year effective income tax rate came in at expected at about 16.5%. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1.04 billion and debt totaled $790 million, bringing us to a net cash position of about $250 million.  During the quarter, we closed on an additional $200 million of term debt refinancing in the private placement market, taking advantage of market conditions that allowed us to layer 5, 7 and 10-year financing at fixed rates that averaged 3.2%.  As for share repurchases, the board of directors approved a new $500 million 2-year repurchase program. And in the first quarter, we bought 847,000 shares of our common stock for $67 million. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures plus any noncash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. For Q1, free cash flow remained strong and came in at $112 million, after funding $17 million of CapEx and adding back $6 million of noncash tax benefits from stock-based compensation.  Comparable free cash flow in Q1 last year was $95 million. Accounts receivable, days sales outstanding stood at 74 days this quarter, down 4 days from Q1 last year. Inventories typically rise in the first quarter from year-end levels and were up $20 million this quarter. Currency translation accounts for about $6 million of this increase. Overall, we are pleased with our financial performance as we start this year, consistent with the improving trend, we saw our developing across 2010. Our first quarter's result indicate more normal market conditions in the majority of our end markets and our new product positions have been well received in key application areas. Operating margin improved by 170 basis points this quarter as we saw a continued strength in our gross margins and significant leverage about our operating expenses.  Continued execution in our share repurchase program and a lower tax rate added to the operational results of the business and together resulted in a 28% growth in our fully diluted earnings per share this quarter. As we think about the remainder of 2011, we continue to see stability in our end markets and continued momentum in the acceptance of our new products. We expect to see around a 10% growth in sales for full year 2011 before currency translation. And at today's rates, currency is likely to add about 2 points to reported sales growth for the full year. Moving down the P&L. Gross margins for the full year are expected to be between 60.5% and 61%, as we continue to be favorably affected by product cost reductions and volume leverage, offsetting margin pressures from new product introductions. Currency at today's levels, looks to be a modest to present to gross margins in the first half of the year and favorable later in the year. Operating expenses are expected to grow at a lesser rate than sales growth. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $18 million, and we expect our operating tax rate to be about 16.5%.  Our fully diluted average outstanding share count is likely to decrease by about 1.5 million shares in 2011. Rolling all of this together, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $4.80 to $4.90 per share.  For Q2, we expect organic sales growth of about 10%. Currency translation at today's level is expected to add about 5% to sales growth this quarter, bringing reported revenue growth to about 15%. We expect to see continued operating income expansion this quarter and plan to proceed in our share repurchase under our newly authorized $500 million program. All of this is expected to result in Q2 non-GAAP EPS of between $1.10 and $1.15 per fully diluted share.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, John. At this point, I think we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Quintin Lai of Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: So very encouraging to hear that pharma, CapEx is continuing its trend. Through the quarter, I think clients were concerned about the headline news of some of the big pharma companies laying people off. Could you talk a little bit about where that demand -- You kind of say that was very broad base, but is this a return to a more normalized growth Or are we just coming off of tough comps? In your opinion, Doug.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, Quintin, depending on how you cut the term pharma. For large, the top 15 to 20 accounts, it's been a continuing story of tough conditions over at least a 5-year period. So I don't think we're going to say that -- maybe one quarter we would had a peak or something. But generally, it's been a tough time, particularly as they have outsourced some of the R&D or manufacturing analysis to CROs. Some of its gone generic. So you've seen our Indian business pickup. But I think, we have at times said the large research-based pharmaceutical companies have continued to kind of go down a track that sooner or later ought to kind of add methodically, flatten out and perhaps begin to pick up. We think that, that's probably happening. We think that, that install base has -- we have got a lot of old equipment in it that needs to be upgraded. There's a limit to which some of these laboratories can go where they cannot utilize some of those older systems. And we think we're seeing some symptoms of that in those large research-based pharma accounts. To look more broadly, I think as we've said for many years now, the overall broad pharma industry, pretty healthy. And again, it's kind of hard to tell sometimes when you're growing substantially your CRO business whether their clients are Pfizer or Glaxo [GlaxoSmithKline] or Bristol-Myers. So I think it's a little bit more diffused now. But where the benefit lies is probably still with some of those big pharma accounts. So we continue to see very good strong business from those CROs, as well as during a time when we're seeing good conditions from our research-based pharmaceuticals.
Operator: Next question comes from Doug Schenkel, Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks for taking my question. I guess a question on H-Class. Is there any way to describe how H-Class is varying and say expanding biopharma markets? So I guess what I'm thinking about kind of generics and CROs and India and China versus traditional pharma accounts where you're actually replacing instruments. I guess I'm just trying to get at how much of the growth is driven by an actual replacement cycle versus market expansion in certain parts of the world?
Douglas Berthiaume: Art, do you want to give some color on that?
Arthur Caputo: Yes, Doug. It turns out it's fairly balanced with H-Class. The primary position of H-Class was to bring UPLC downstream into the more routine developmental areas. And that's been the case. Additionally, we introduced a inert [ph] H-Class for the biopharmaceutical segment. So one of the things we've been doing with UPLC is to -- after having spend several years in the developmental side of building the confidence of the technology with our Class ACQUITY was to be ready when they said, 'Okay, we're going to push this into border utilization.' So with H-Class, what we're experiencing is a lot of generic adoption, a lot of adoption in large pharma, quality control, CROs are starting to look at the technology. And in particular, the mass spectrometry driven application, where you see a lot of use in regulated bioanalysis, it turns out over the past several years that UPLC has essentially been adopted as a de facto front end to a mass spectrometer because of the characteristics of extremely small sample volumes, the flows are very amenable to how a mass spectrometry develops its operational capabilities. So I have to say that the most exciting part of our H-Class success has been its broad-based adoption. And it went beyond utilization just in the manufacturing segment we're seeing it used much broadly. And we see no end in sight -- with the order sizes are increasing. Where large multiples, which for us, as is a combination of replacement going on as well as people looking at the developmental areas, using it for new applications. So we have to claim it to be a broader penetration in this particular segment.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. That's interesting and helpful. And then maybe if I can sneak in one more. Maybe just turning to Japan, which is obviously been an area of focus for many. Any chance you would provide some detail on how business trended over the last few weeks of the quarter and what's been going on in the first few weeks of April? And I guess more broadly, has there been any communication from the government there that would suggest there is a business opportunity for you, as Japan presumably invest more in enhanced water and food testing?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think what we're willing to say is that, the tsunami and the earthquake effects did not -- maybe showed -- we were frankly running a little bit stronger than we expected in Japan through the middle part of the quarter. We were expecting probably a little bit of upside over our core forecast. And with the tsunami and the earthquake, that probably came back to our original expectation. It wasn't a big dynamic, but it was a little bit slower than it probably otherwise would have been. We're seeing so far, as we go into the second quarter, no real significant influence or downside from the tsunami and all of its various side effects. As it relates to what the ultimate effects will be, I think we're expecting that there was damage to laboratories and upset to laboratory instruments in the quake area that will have to be rectified. We've already received some notification of that from our laboratories. We expect that there will be some additional testing. But I think it's way too early to see how the government shakes out on that. It's also probably important to notice that most of our business is not conducted in the tsunami and main quake areas. As you think about Japan, you have the East of Japan, which includes Tokyo. In the West, generally considered Osaka. More of our business is in the West, very little of our business is in the Fukushima area where the tsunami and the quake was centered. So we're not expecting to see long significant effects in our business given the current state of affairs in Japan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Bhalla, Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: I wanted you to just expand on your comments about the U.S. market specifically in the government and academic sectors. I think you mentioned that it was a little bit weaker than the other end markets.
Douglas Berthiaume: John, I think you've made the comment about the academics.
John Ornell: Yes. I mean, government and academic really in the quarter, the dynamic there was just more outside Japan in its orientation with a large amount of shipments that went out in Q1 last year when we really pushed our new G2 product into that market space. You know we had a low to mid-single digit expectation for government and academic. That was principally what we got. As you know, we don't have a large exposure to any particular government organization, NIH, as an example, is maybe $10 million to $15 million for full year business that we do. There might have been a little bit of U.S. stimulus business in the base. So I'd say overall, I think the result was pretty much on plan and while our expectations going forward is kind of low to mid single-digit growth of this, given the products that we're offering and just given the fact that these businesses have to be constrained with all of the things that we read about budget woes around the world.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Okay, John, and then just one additional question on Europe. Last quarter, the chemical and applied markets were growing a little slower than your other end markets. And this quarter, it looked like that turned around. Could you just expand a little bit more about the chemical and applied markets in Europe?
John Ornell: Yes, I would say -- particularly as you look at Europe, the real strength that came through there is comparable to what Doug had said regarding pharma, and that is the large [ph] pharma accounts did very well. That really did drive the growth in Europe. The applied markets did well in Europe. And I'd say, the chemical, industrial space was slower. So that type of performance, overall, that we saw in Europe that led to overall a surprisingly good result, I'll say it's 12% for the overall geography.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Wood, Jefferies.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Thanks. Doug or John, is it possible, you mentioned the Instrument business up 23%, obviously, pretty elevated there. Can you tease out LC versus MS just qualitatively which major category grew faster?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes. Basically, Jon, they both grew north of 20% very similar growth rate. And we think they're largely, that's indicative of the strength of both product lines. It's not one dragging the other. They're both showing independent strength. And it is kind of indicative of our system strategy. Although not all LCs are sold with mass specs or vice versa. But it is, I think, a very clear sign of the strength of our systems offerings.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: All right. Great. Thanks for that. And last one, on the buyback, so it looks like a little bit slower in the first quarter than is traditional. Are you guys still expected to do about 100% of free cash flow towards that buyback for all of 2011? And then as kind of an adjunct to that, any update to that free cash flow guidance at this point?
John Ornell: We had indicated the original guidance had assumed somewhere around $250 million of buyback. We look to retain some amount of cash should an acquisition come up, particularly early in the year where we don't know what we might find. So I would characterize the Q1 level of buyback as being at least on that plan, actually ahead of that plan on a dollar basis. We're looking to generate somewhere close to $450 million of free cash flow. If we don't find M&A targets as the year goes on, we'll look to perhaps deploy that cash more incrementally into the buyback effort. But early on, like I said, we put it in there at a rate of about $250 million on a full year basis and then ratchet it up as the year goes on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson, JPMC.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Thanks for taking the question. Just first one on H-Class, can you talk to utilization whether you've seen the consumable use really pick up as you've seen broader adoption in pharma. I think you mentioned CROs a little bit earlier. And then just talk to your overall attached rate with columns for H-Class, assuming it's closer to ACQUITY than it would be for Alliance, but if you could just give color that would be helpful.
Douglas Berthiaume: Do you want to give some color that, Art?
Arthur Caputo: Sure. Yes, Tycho. The attached rate -- understand that the H-Class, unlike the original ACQUITY, was marketed to those remaining customers who are still committed or were having more difficult time to convert from LC to UPLC largely due to regulatory context and having to be revalidate and so forth. So the marketing of H-Class with that it was anticipated that we would sell UPLC capability to an HPLC user. That could use it for the 6 to 12 months in either a LC or a UPLC mode. And therefore, have that capability for the future, most HPLCs are purchased with the idea of running them from 5 to 7 years. And once you buy them, you're kind of stuck. So I'll say that the people who buy H-Class with the intention of utilizing it right out of the shoots [ph] for UPLC, the column utilization rates have maintained their consistency at plus 80%, meaning that we see that 80% of the time customer contingency is our own chemistry, which is radically up from our standard HPLC position of about 10%. For those who are starting off with the system to run LC, what we find is, once they do begin to use a system for UPLC, they do utilize our column chemistry at the same rate as one who had decided to do that initially. The columns they use on an HPLC side, that is the method that they were using. About half of our sales appeared to be going in and taking competitive positions. So it's not likely you would have our column in those situations. The other half are old users or people familiar with us and they have a higher majority where originally on our HPLC column consumables in the first place. So that's a rough idea of what's occurring with that product. It doesn't have the purity of use that the original UPLC had. Almost 100% of them were used right out of the shoot as a UPLC system. A little different than with H-Class because we wanted to continue to penetrate the market with that strategy.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then to the comment that you made before, Doug, about pharma and I appreciate additional color there. But we've heard over the years this concept of standardization as well to some degree standardizing QA/QC labs around ACQUITY. Are you seeing more of that from pharma as well essentially sole sourcing instruments from one vendor as they look to basically upgrade their facilities?
Douglas Berthiaume: We've seen more standardization go into H-Class, Tycho, but you are still talking about some laboratories that have many instruments in there. And so we're not claiming that you're having a universal change out. But that momentum has certainly picked up in that direction.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, and then just a last quick one on Japan, and appreciate your additional color there. Can you just comment on the supply chain side given that's a focus for people as well.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, we've seen no current significant issues on the supply side. We have completed an evaluation of our principal vendors and one level down to our most principal subcontractors in their supply chain. And I'd say, we don't see any current problems. I think that carries us probably out a quarter, maybe 2. And I think once you get out a couple of quarters, then the likelihood that the supply chain won't be able to deal with those issues gets reduced. So you can't say with absolutely certainty but it doesn't look like a real issue for us at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Lawson, Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: Doug, just regarding the pharma CapEx spend. Could you perhaps tease that spend down versus CROs, generics, top 15? Any way you can read that?
Douglas Berthiaume: You mean in terms of how our growth occurred, Peter?
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: Regarding your comment about the return of pharma CapEx. I just wondered where that was coming from whether it's CROs, whether it's the strength in generics or top 15 pharma?
Douglas Berthiaume: We saw it across the board. Actually, a little bit surprising because -- a big pharma, the research pharmas are releasing their capital budgets later and later in the year it seems. And I think it's important to recognize, it wasn't really -- it's not like every research pharmaceutical had a banner quarter for us. But on balance, it was a very good quarter amongst those research pharmaceuticals. But it was certainly not limited to them. I mean, their results were very strong across the board of those broad-based pharmaceutical segments, CROs, generics and bio. So I think the encouraging sign is that maybe we saw research pharma will begin to spend their budgets a little earlier in the year than maybe we have seen in the past.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: Thank you. And then just on the current balance between industrial and pharma end markets. Is there any way you can quantify the strength between those 2 end markets in the quarter?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, pharma grew faster than our average revenue growth in the quarter. So certainly pharma broadly described was the stronger part. The industrial markets, of course, a mix of industrial, chemical, environmental. In general, most of those subsegments were pretty good. So while not every single segment of our business performed at double-digit, it was pretty good across the board.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marshall Urist, Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: I was wondering maybe if you could talk about Alliance versus UPLC mix in the quarter and kind of what you're seeing year-on-year and quarter-over-quarter and maybe the pockets of demand on both sides and kind of what residual you're seeing for Alliance? And then also, John, if you can just give us a little bit tease out gross margin in terms of the positives, negatives and just quantify that a little bit would be helpful.
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure. Maybe I'll start and let the others chime in subsequently. I think the strongest Alliance markets for us are in Asia right now. That's still principally true in India, where the methods that they follow are largely the methods that were established elsewhere and they buy to ramp up their lab. We are seeing some switch to ACQUITY in those markets. But it's still predominantly an Alliance marketplace. I'd say that's still very true in certain segments in the China market where alliance is a very strong performer. In certain segments of the China market, ACQUITY is also penetrated. But those 2 markets are probably our strongest Alliance markets. And Art do you want to add anything to that?
Arthur Caputo: Yes. Well, probably the only thing when we first introduced the H-Class, we thought for sure, we're going to see a rapid drop off in conversion to H-Class over Alliance. And to our surprise, even with the high growth of H-Class because of the emerging markets as in Latin America -- into that equation. We find the emerging markets are -- they are beginning to convert now. But they're behind the Western markets in terms of converting from LC to UPLC. But for all intents and purposes, we have essentially maintained our Alliance growth rate at the rate quite comparable to our UPLC rates.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: And was that a margin...
John Ornell: Margin question?
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Yes.
John Ornell: Marshall, on the margins, the gross margin came in maybe a tick, less than what we might have expected originally and it is due to currency. We picked up about, "a half a point or so" improvement in the quarter associated with manufacturing cost reductions, volume leverage, which was offset by some currency, unfavorability from a year-over-year comparison perspective. The strengthening yen that we saw was less impactful this quarter as the Japanese sales were lower proportion of our overall mix of business. And then the U.K., the pound advanced about 3% across the quarter and that currency hit margins a tad too. But I'd say, generally, not that far off, but those are the components of the margin issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Isaac Ro, Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just wanted to dig a little bit more into the HPLC business this quarter. I think you said the recurring revenue growth was about 7%. So is it fair to say that underlying market growth for the HPLC market is in that sort of high single-digit range? And then maybe if you could layer on top of that the components in your business this quarter that really drove the outperformance beyond just sort of H-Class adoption, and what I mean by that specifically is was there any real change in your view around market share and dynamics within some of the significant markets that were perhaps above long-term trend line for HPLC?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, we hesitate to and I think everybody should hesitate to take too much on market share dynamics based on one quarter's results. It's just very difficult to do that. And frankly, not all that meaningful. Clearly, when you're growing your instruments at 20%, anybody else who's doing that has to be having a good time also. So we don't think that this market would never contented that it's got secular growth rates of north of 20%. So we think we're doing pretty well. Clearly, our chemistry business and our service parts and spare parts, not, and never will grow north of high single digits or something around 10%. But with our hardware and systems business growing as fast as it is, we feel pretty good about pacing the industry right now. I also say, though, I think it's -- the laboratory and the analytical market feels pretty good. So wouldn't surprise me if others servicing this marketplace are also producing pretty good results.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. If I can just ask a quick follow-up on that dynamic. I mean, as we look to the middle part of the year, how do you feel about your visibility on that continued hardware growth being in that -- it seems the 20% growth rate. Do you see any reason to expect the change aside from the end markets dynamics in Japan that you mentioned?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think it's fair to say if you look closely the numbers that John described for the second quarter and the rest of the year that we're not going to count on that level of year-over-year strength going out. It was a stronger quarter than we had originally budgeted for or originally forecast. I can't tell you that right now, we're seeing market conditions that have deteriorated from that. But I think it would be dangerous for us to take that kind of performance to the bank for the rest of the year. So while we've increased our expectations, we think that it would be prudent to keep them within a range that offers us -- clearly offer some opportunity that the market could perform better. But we think it's well within our range of opportunity to perform against.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jon Groberg, Macquarie Capital.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Just a couple of clarification questions, I guess. Appreciate, Doug, the color on the Asia and Japan growth. Can you maybe just remind us that business growing close to 30% organically kind of the mix, the margin mix impact that Asia has on the business? And my second, just kind of clarification question, John, if you could again just kind of rundown kind of what you're balance sheet currently stands at from a debt perspective. I think you had some debt that moved into from long term to short term, and I think you said, you raised some debt. So just maybe give us kind of the latest -- current up-to-date view of the balance sheet.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, John, if I get your question properly, the Asia business margin dynamic certainly the operating margin dynamics are at or above the average for the company. So it's a very profitable business. The gross margins may be a tick below average margins, but not tremendously different. But on balance, I'd say, if you model Asia for a little bit slower gross margins and a little bit higher operating margins, you'd have the right picture for Asia. Does that answer that question?
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Yes. Perfect. Thanks.
John Ornell: And then on the balance sheet, Jon, what we've done is we have a revolving credit agreement with a consortium of banks that expires at the start of 2012. So what you've seen is you've seen a movement on the balance sheet from long-term into short-term debt associated with that debt. So we have efforts in place to begin the process of re-upping that credit agreement. We're looking to create another 5-year agreement that will be in place second half of this year. In the interim, to be able to diversify away from having just a bank debt, we've moved into the private placement market. Last year, we made our first foray into that market with a couple hundred million dollars of refinancings and we added to that in the first quarter with another $200 million of debt refinancing as well. And we decided to do fixed debt for this $400 million portion of the portfolio. And we'll likely, re-do the credit agreement with the banks as we make our way through this year on a variable rate basis. So that's the current thinking on the balance sheet and the debt structure.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Okay. Thanks a lot, that was helpful. I appreciate it.
Operator: Next question comes from Paul Knight, CLSA.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: When you look at emerging markets, do you have any concerns that year-over-year comps on large contracts are out there or is it a right number of contracts that, that's not going to be an issue now or in the foreseeable future?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think it's fair to say that in recent years, we have seen an increased volume of somewhat larger tenders in the emerging markets, emerging markets being the BRIC side [ph] -- would be specifically what we're talking about. But our forecasts take into account the kind of flow that we've seen in those large tender areas. And we think that despite the fact that last year was a very successfully year with some large contracts, we don't anticipate a great deal of difficulty in those territories achieving the kind of result that we've outlined for you. So the markets continued to be strong. And the opportunities that we are working continue to be very encouraging.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Leonard, Leerink Swann.
Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC: Any indications from your customers that the recent 2 legislations that you won might spur additional demand?
Douglas Berthiaume: I'm sorry, could you repeat that? We got cut off here.
Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC: Sure. Any indication from your customers on the food safety front that recent legislation could spur an increase in demand?
Douglas Berthiaume: We think, long term, there's no question that it's going to spur demand. What the pace of that will be I think remains to be seen. I think people are still kind of figuring out what their strategic reaction will be in terms of inside the U.S. A large agri-producers and importers probably have somewhat better position. Lots of questions as to how it's going to affect the mid-sized and the smaller affected organization. So I would say, we haven't seen a lot of business coming out of that yet. Our belief is that, it will impact our business outside the U.S. probably faster as exporters gear up a little bit more to meet the expected requirements. And probably as we move into 2012, you'll see more investment in the United States. We think we're in excellent strategic position, given our position with the FDA, the USDA, our standardized laboratory support in Maryland and emerging activities in China, in particular, position us very well to be at the forefront of these activities.
Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derik De Bruin, UBS.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: So if the replacement cycle that you're seeing in the pharma continues, I guess, can you just remind us what your split is between your research installed base at pharma and in the UPLC/HPLC market and the manufacturing install base. I guess what I'm trying to get after is -- I mean, assume that most of the research market has already kind of moved to ACQUITY. I'm just trying to get a sense of how much juice is left in kind of moving over the manufacturing QA/QC base? Like how many more years would you think it would take to fully share on that base?
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure. I will let Art give you the actual numbers. But in any one quarter, clearly, we could have a much stronger research segment of our business versus QA, QC. So it can switch around. Clearly, the install base doesn't switch around that -- I mean that is a much more standard. Art, you want to answer it however you please?
Arthur Caputo: I mean, it's safe to say that we have run roughly half researched to development, half development to the QC segment. So our business tends to settle in those types of ratios. I would also say that probably the biggest change that we're seeing particularly in big pharma is that, HPLC utilization and replacement can be a tricky thing. Some will see a new instrument, and will replace it couple of years earlier than the typical 7, some will stretch it out. The dynamic that we're seeing with UPLC is that we're going in and showing these customers irrespective of where that product is in its depreciation cycle. How they can improve the productivity in their operation. That goes beyond the instrument that personnel  [Technical Difficulty]  A slight difference from the traditional replacement where we deal with. I'm sorry, you had a comment?
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: I'm sorry. You faded out on some of the question, on some of your answer there. I guess as a follow-up on that, do you plan to basically obsolete the Alliance at some point in time to basically force everybody to the H-Class? I mean, at some point in time, are you telling your customers, you better switchover now because you're not going to support Alliance? I guess, what's your plan?
Douglas Berthiaume: No, we haven't. And we have no active plan to obsolete the Alliance. Of course, a lot depends on how the market evolves. Right now, there's certain segments of the market that are saying they really value the Alliance configuration and want to stick with it. Certainly, it is possible that over the next 5 years or so, it will move in that direction.
Arthur Caputo: There is a critical component to this industry and with a large portion of our product line being sold and has been sold into the pharmaceutical regulated environment. There's a lot of assays. Every patent for every drug has HPLC data on it. It is used extensively from one end of the spectrum to the other once it comes off patent it moves into generics. Keep in mind that the cost of converting in many cases for very basic analysis of a drug is way too high for a company to implement that. So if they're using an Alliance system with a standard separation. And it's not a critical analysis that could have huge benefits from moving to UPLC. Those stay with Alliance and that life cycle could be quite long. We are the first product of the 70s, that would be [indiscernible]. Those sales are still going strong. There are a lot better columns out there but they're just not going to change those methods. So unlike some industries where you see conversion of products, it is likely HPLC will be around for a lot of these older methods for a long time to come. And to be frank, with the momentum coming out of India, China, and Latin America with a lot of the generics, there's simply adopting the original methods. And it's cost-effective for them to do that. They're not complex separations. HPLC works fine for those applications.
Douglas Berthiaume: It's still likely that the Alliance mix will continue to go down. I think that's very clear. But it's still both strong product lines. I noticed it's 9:30. We're willing to stay on for a little bit longer. I realized that some of you probably have to get off. But we'll try to answer the people who are in the queue if there is still there, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sung Ji Nam, Gleacher & Company.
Sung Ji Nam - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions. Going back to Derik's product replacement cycle. With H-Class, do you anticipate the product lifecycle to be shorter than for the legacy UPLC, given heavier utilization?
Douglas Berthiaume: I'm sorry, for several people it's getting harder to hear. I think you may be on speakerphones and it's a -- could you repeat that question?
Sung Ji Nam - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: I just wanted to ask about -- going back to the product replacement cycles for H-Class. Do you anticipate the product life cycle to be shorter compared to UPLC, given heavier utilization for H-Class?
Douglas Berthiaume: No, I don't think we anticipate life cycles to be materially shorter.
Arthur Caputo: No. We find most of the pharmaceutical companies are running their instruments, as I said, 5 to 7 years, sometimes a little longer. The methods that are being developed are going to be subjected to the same life cycles for their products as it's always been the case. So we have no indication that there will be any shift in those life cycles and people anticipate that they'll maintain the same type of use and depreciation.
Sung Ji Nam - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks and just a quick question, what's the size of your emerging market or developing market business today?
Arthur Caputo: Yes, We'd say that Asia, Eastern Europe, some of the Latin American countries, all in sum total probably about a quarter of our business.
Sung Ji Nam - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Tony Butler, Barclays Capital.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: Just a brief housekeeping question and then one follow-up. You've commented that the growth of expenses would be below the organic revenue growth and you've given guidance for 10% organic revenue growth. So the question comes, can you provide some relative scenarios to what would happen for the incremental margin opportunity, if revenues are, say, a little bit better than expected or in fact a little bit worst. Appreciate the color there.
Arthur Caputo: Yes, I'd say, if we think about what's changing here year-over-year, I mean, we're certainly putting some incremental headcounts in place in the developing parts of the business. We are beginning to spend a bit more on the discretionary side for promotional activities in the like as we have a number of new products making their way to market. The expectation would be that we would have a point, maybe a couple of points of differential on a full year basis and the growth rate of our expenses versus the top line [indiscernible] on and organic basis. In the second quarter, where we have 5 points of currency on the top line, we're going to have a similar dynamic of growth on the SG&A line. So foreign exchange is going to make a difference in the reported growth. It will give keep up with the top line but the differential will still be there. So I would say, we have flexibility certainly to the extent that the organic growth is greater than what we say. We're not likely to instantly react to that with incremental headcount adds. There will be commissions and variable pay plans that will take a little bit of a bite perhaps out of that but not anything all that meaningful. And then certainly on the downside to the extent that there is an action there we need to deal with, I mean, go back on the discretionary spending. The variable pay programs have come down comparably to the top line. So there's a little bit of flexibility I'd say on the downside as well. But based on what we see right now, I'd say, we're pretty comfortable with the top line number that we have.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: Thanks, John. And last question, the biopharma targeted ACQUITY plus the Xevo TOF [time-of-flight] system having the UNIFI software was interesting. I assume that LC/MS system collectively is for QC applications. But I'm also curious if in fact, this has been developed based on customer demand. And if so, we just had had the impression that the MS detector today might actually be too expensive for QC, is that incorrect or would costs come down? Or any color there would be helpful.
Douglas Berthiaume: If you think about traditional pharma, the research ethical type companies, you are probably right, unless the application clearly demanded the use of mass spectrometry. You would not likely find that in the quality control lab [ph]. That biopharmaceutical system would be ACQUITY and the mass spectrometer attached is really targeted at the biopharmaceutical segment where you have a lot of high-value added processes taking place. And therefore, you are more likely, not in all cases, but you're more likely to see test systems that do in fact incorporate mass spectrometry that it's fairly sophisticated separations largely because of the nature of the more complicated biopharmaceutical samples, peptides and so forth. So that's a very focused segment we are going after. And so far, the acceptance is quite well. And it was for probably the last 5 years we have spent incredible amount of time bringing focus groups together specifically from the biopharmaceutical industry and trying to find out, what is it that you need to help your process. And it's a very different discussion than you're going to find in the small molecule research-grade ethical houses. So that's a very targeted system, and we think over time, that represents an increasing share of the activity in the analytical space in certain markets.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: Thank you, all.
Operator: Your last question comes from Bill Bonello, RBC.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Hey, thanks a lot for hanging in for my question. You mentioned in the prepared remarks, just some exciting things happening at ASMS later this summer. I'm just curious if you can give any more of a preview beyond that and what kinds of things we might be looking for?
Douglas Berthiaume: Art, will come across at the desk at me if I do that, Bill. So I'm going to turn it to him, so then he can only blame himself for letting the cat out of the bag.
Arthur Caputo: So I won't get really specific largely because, as usual, these things are unveiled. But what you can expect to see from us from ASMS this year, we're very focused on continuing enhancement of speed, sensitivity and resolution. Those are the three elements that the people who go to ASMS, show up for one reason and one reason only. The kind of compounds they're working with. They’re looking for the vendors to give them a major improvement in speed, sensitivity and the resolution for the types of compounds that they're working on. So as we look at ASMS this year, both for mass spectrometry as well as UPLC, we're going to be bringing out major improvements in both of those technologies, not only individual capabilities in those specific technologies, but you'll see us beginning to focus on targeted applications using our system strategy. So we'll look at some areas of what we believe will be high activity where we can offer a new system solution that can really offer these customers orders of magnitude in terms of the kind of results that we're getting. So that's the type of direction that we're taking at this year's ASMS. You will see about 2 to 3 major systems offerings targeted in that area.
Bill Bonello - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, thank you.
Douglas Berthiaume: You're welcome, Bill. And thank you all for sticking with us this long. It's been a good start to the year. And we hope to talk to you with similar results as we go through the year. Thanks very much.
Operator: This does concludes today's conference. Thank you for attending. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Ornell - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance & Administration Arthur Caputo - Executive Vice President and President of the Waters Division Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG Neha Sahni -  Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Stephen Unger - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC Sung Ji Nam - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Charles Butler - Barclays Capital Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corp. Fourth Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Doug Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corp. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corp. Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. And as is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the business highlights, and John will follow with details on our financial results and then provide you with our outlook for the first quarter and for the full year 2011. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q1 and full year 2011. We caution you that all such statements are only Predictions, and that the actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, in part one under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2011. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results which excludes the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, for Waters, 2010 was a year where we saw a broad recovery from nearly all of our end markets and strong customer acceptance of key new instrument systems. Following a challenging business environment in 2009, we started the year confident in some improvement but remain somewhat cautious in our outlook as much uncertainty certainly remain regarding the strength of the recovery. However, early in the year, we did embark on significant new product initiatives designed to strengthen our market position and to establish a foundation for a multi-year total refresh of our product portfolio. This aggressive plan started with the introduction of our ACQUITY H-Class UPLC system last January and was soon followed by a significant mass spectrometry-based systems launched midyear at the ASMS conference.  I'm happy to tell you that business results in 2010 exceeded our expectations and that our new product strategies meaningfully contributed to our success as we returned to double-digit top line growth for the year, along with close to 20% growth in adjusted earnings per share. Potentially, even more significant as we begin 2011, we have seen a continuation of improved demand and are gaining greater traction from our new system introductions. Looking at the fourth quarter of 2010, our sales and earnings came in ahead of our expectations, with sales increasing by 13% over the 2009 quarter and adjusted earnings per share up by 23%.  Geographically, all major regions performed favorably and there was balanced strength across our major product technologies.  We move down to P&L. Our profitability remained strong due to the success of our product introduction, our strong recurring revenue growth and our continued focus on operational efficiency. On the product side, new technology platforms delivered the strongest sales growth highlighted by record shipment volumes of the ACQUITY UPLC and Xevo mass spectrometers. I'm happy to tell you that our Xevo TQ-S, a tandem quadruple technology instrument that we introduced this past June had an impressive quarterly sales performance. And that increasing customer interest in this ultrasensitive performance leaving systems has a positive influence on my outlook for overall instrumentation growth in 2011. On the Chromatography side, ACQUITY UPLC sales drove growth in the quarter due primarily to rapid adoption of our H-Class system and regulated testing applications such as pharmaceutical quality control. Looking at Customer segments in the fourth quarter. We saw a mid single-digit growth in university and government spending as stronger growth in the Americas and Europe was partially offset by weakness in Japan. Growth in the pharmaceutical and industrial sectors was robust in the quarter and it was driven by factors that should sustain growth in the upcoming quarters. In our pharmaceutical end markets. We continue to see customers upgrading their labs to UPLC, as well as new business associated with biological pharmaceutical research and development. Sales at our largest pharmaceutical accounts grew modestly in the quarter while specialty generic CRO and biotechnology firms all grew at a double-digit pace. For our industrial end markets and looking specifically at the Waters division, we generally enjoyed nice double-digit sales growth. And while the industrial chemical industry continued to recover from the depressed spending levels in 2009, a trend that we've seen throughout 2010, it was our applied markets where we saw the greatest strength, especially in the area of food safety testing. On the topic of food safety, many of you have read about new regulations for food testing that are to be implemented in the U.S. We are optimistic that these new regulations will present us with an opportunity for new sales in the coming years, and we've been working, along with the U.S. FDA, to assist in the future implementation of new testing protocols. The sales growth in food safety that we saw in the fourth quarter was primarily related to a strong demand in Asia. In the U.S., we have begun to see significant interest from food manufacturers related to future regulations, and expect the food applications will go from a relatively small base be a growth driver in the U.S. in 2011 and beyond. I'd now like to focus on new product initiatives that will impact our business in 2011. As I mentioned earlier this morning, UPLC and advanced mass spectrometry systems have helped drive instrument systems growth for Waters in 2010. The introduction of the ACQUITY H-Class UPLC early in 2010 was potentially the most significant product launch in Waters' recent history. Had catalyzed the broad adoption of a new product technology into a large and receptive market segment. I'm referring to labs performing regulated testing in employing HPLC technology. While we are very pleased by the rapid uptick of H-Class in 2010, we are further encouraged in the belief that this trend where in UPLC is displacing HPLC technology is now firmly established and will offer a multiyear market growth opportunity. With the H-Class poised to help drive the replacement of HPLC instrumentation, we continue to see opportunities to further leverage UPLC technology into new and significant applications. To that end, this month, we introduced a new instrument system for the characterization of biologics. This system combines an ACQUITY front end engineered with biocompatible service materials and proprietary UPLC columns with a new Xevo G2 top mass spectrometer. This new mass spectrometer has unique capabilities designed to optimize comprehensive characterization of biologic pharmaceutical formulation. In addition, this new system includes a new operating system that more seamlessly integrates the software requirements of chromatography and mass spectrometry for labs running validated methods. We plan to begin shipment of this system early this year, and we're excited about its potential to define a workhorse solution for the development and testing of biological pharmaceuticals. The combination of our chemistry and service products, businesses that I often referred to as recurring revenues, grew organically at a double-digit rate in the fourth quarter. These businesses represent a sustainable differentiating advantage for Waters, especially against competitors that lack the capability to offer the complete solution and the promise of total support to a customer base that increasingly desires that level of assurance. Along with being appointed sustainable differentiation, our Chemistry and Service businesses have the potential to offer higher growth moving forward than in years past as more and more customers convert HPLC methods to UPLC and Waters' proprietary columns and as customers become more reliant on Waters to support new and more technologically advanced system offerings. So as we move into 2011, please know that we continue to have a rich new product pipeline and plans for additional and significant new chemistry, service and instrument system launches throughout the year. I'd now like to say a few words about our TA Instruments division. TA finished the year with a strong fourth quarter, growing sales at a double-digit pace. The fourth quarter pretty much represented a continuation of the performance that the division enjoyed throughout 2010. While a portion of TA's success can be attributed to the recovery in spending for industrial end markets, a closer analysis of the business indicates that TA's growth in 2010 was driven by additional and more sustainable factors, including the geographical expansion of its user base and rapid uptake of its technologically advanced new products such as TA's Life Science focus, biocalorimetry systems. In the fourth quarter of 2010, TA introduced a new research differential scanning calorimetry system, or DSC. This new instrument, the Discovery DSC, represents the first embodiment of a new instrument platform that will migrate across the TA product line. We plan shipment of the Discovery DSC system early this year and expect orders and sales to ramp nicely in 2011 based on the very positive customer reception this system has received. Now before turning you over to John for a more detailed review of our financials, I'd like to speak a little about our capital deployment and some thoughts about the future. In 2010, we generated over $400 million in free cash flow, and this represents about $0.25 on each sales dollar. During the year, our principal use of cash was our share repurchase program. Throughout the year, we executed the program on a fairly steady course and feel that the resulting reduction in share count delivered significant value to our shareholders. Though we actively looked, we consummated no significant business acquisitions in 2010 and plan to continue our conservative and focused M&A strategy for 2011. In light of this focus on the long-term organic growth of our business, last week, we announced plans to build a new mass spectrometry facility near Manchester, England. This facility will both expand and consolidate our current footprint in the U.K. And when the new facility is completed in 2013, it will house our R&D, manufacturing and customer support functions that are currently spread across multiple buildings in Manchester. In addition, the new facility will offer state-of-the-art customer demonstration laboratories and training facilities. This investment in the U.K. is indicative of our long-term commitment to attract and retain the best technical talent and ensure technological leadership in mass spectrometry and associated technologies. In closing, I would like to reiterate some thoughts that I cited earlier. Looking back at 2010, we are all pleased that the economic conditions that surfaced in late 2008 and were existent throughout 2009 appear to be behind us. However, from the strength of our current product portfolio and in light of the profitable recovery of our business in 2010, it should be obvious that we never stopped investing in the future success of Waters and remained confident in our focused business strategy. At this time, I am optimistic that we can continue the positive momentum that we established in 2010. Early ordering patterns in 2011 and customers’ positive perceptions to our new system offerings are very encouraging. In addition, we feel confident in our ability to grow our market share in the more developed markets while we benefit from rapid adoption of our technologies in developing countries. With that, I'd like to now turn it over to John for a closer look at our financials.
John Ornell: Okay. Thank you, Doug, and good morning. Fourth quarter sales increased by 13% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 23% at $1.38 this quarter compared to earnings of $1.12 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.36 this quarter compared to $1.08 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Review in Q4 sales results compared to Q4 last year. Sales were up 13% this quarter before currency translation, and currency translation was about neutral to sales growth this quarter. Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the United States were up 10%, Europe sales were up 5%, sales within Japan were up 4% and sales in Asia, outside of Japan, were up 32%.  Turning to the product front. Within the waters division, instrument system sales increased by 16% this quarter and recurring revenues grew by 10%. Within our TA Instruments division, sales increased by 12% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q4 non-GAAP financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in as expected at 60.9%. Product mix was favorably affected this quarter from Q3 by a ramp up in shipments of our new Xevo tandem quadruple systems. Additionally, we continue to see favorable manufacturing efficiencies and foreign currency translation, while less impactful to our top line than expected, remained favorable to our gross margin performance.  SG&A and R&D expenses increased somewhat more than expected this quarter as a result of much improved sales performance late in the year. The higher sales generated higher variable compensation expenses this quarter as many regions of the world exceeded their targets as we close the year. The 2009 basic comparison contained little incentive compensation as the vast majority of plans missed targets in 2009. Our full year effective income tax rate came in better than projected at about 15.5%. The restoration of the U.S. R&D tax credit and a continued shift in production levels in favor of our tax-advantaged geographies would boost our full-year 2010 tax rate versus forecast of the lower tax rate benefited the quarter by $0.06. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $946 million and debt totaled $766 million, bringing us to a net cash position of about $180 million. On the stock buyback front, we continue to purchase our shares in the open market. And during the fourth quarter, we purchased 665,000 shares of our common stock for $51 million. For the full year, we purchased 4.4 million shares of our common stock for $292 million. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any non-cash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. For Q4, free cash flow remained strong and came in at $127 million after funding $16 million of CapEx and adding back $6 million of non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation and $3 million related to the start of the building project of the U.K. Comparable free cash flow in Q4 last year was $112 million. For the full year, free cash flow came in a little better than expected at $409 million versus $372 million last year. Accounts receivable. Day sales outstanding stood at 67 days this quarter, down 10 days from the start of the quarter and comparable to Q4 last year. Inventories were up $26 million from the start of the year as a result of higher sales volume, increased demonstration inventory for new products and safety stock in the products being transferred to Singapore. Overall, we are very pleased with our financial performance this year, and believe we are back on track to consistently deliver on our historical high single-digit top line and mid-teens growth in earnings per share. 2010 saw a return to more normal market conditions and large majority of our end markets. And our new product positions have been well received in all of our end markets. Gross margins have held up nicely this year in spite of large numbers of new products that generally negatively impact margins. Overall, SG&A and R&D increased about as expected this year as we made small investments in staff, largely in developing markets, and saw a variable pay programs kick back in from the depressed base in 2009. All of these led to an improvement in operating income performance this year. Operating income as a percent of sales grew by 70 basis points. Looking below the operating line. Our manufacturing strategy continue to benefit our tax rate and leverage from our share repurchase program in spite of higher interest costs all aided the full year and EPS growth of 19%. As we think about 2011, we see more stability in our end markets and continued momentum in the acceptance of our new products. We expect to see high single-digit sales growth for 2011, including about a point of growth from foreign currency translation. Currency fluctuations in the 2010 base periods will likely yield different growth rates by quarter in 2011 but net to about a point of growth for the full year. Moving down the P&L. Gross margins are expected to be up about 30 to 40 basis points this year as we continue to be favorably affected by product cost reductions and volume leverage, offsetting margin pressure from new product introductions. Currency at today's levels looks to be about neutral to gross margins for the full year.  Operating expenses are expected to grow at a slightly lesser rate than sales growth, interest expense is expected to be approximately $18 million and we expect our operating tax rate to be between 16% and 16.5%. This reflects a modest increase from 2010 resulting from an increase in our Irish tax rate from a contractual rate of 10% to a statutory rate of 12.5%. Our fully diluted average outstanding share count is expected to decrease by about 2 million shares in 2011. And rolling all of this together, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $4.60 to $4.70 for 2011. For Q1, we expect organic sales growth of about 8% to 9%, currency translation at today's levels is expected to add about 1% sales growth this quarter, bringing the quarterly growth to 9% to 10%. In Q1, non-GAAP EPS are expected to be between $0.90 and $0.95 per fully diluted share. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Operator, at this time, I think we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marshall Urist from Morgan Stanley.
Neha Sahni - : Good morning. This is Neha Sahni, stepping in for Marshall. The first question we have is regarding your gross margin guidance in 2011 and whether you could give any more detail regarding your thoughts about the impact of product mix in mass spectrometry?
John Ornell: What we're expecting on the margin front is improvements associated, first off, with just manufacturing volume increases. The expectation is that we'll see higher levels of instrument production that generally supply leverage in our manufacturing facilities, and thus an improvement in gross margin from just volume. We're also expecting a higher mix of the tandem quadrupole mass spectrometry instruments in 2011 versus '10 that will favorably affect the mix from a product perspective on the mass spec side of the business. And we're also expecting a bit of favorability associated with the normalization on a number of products that have been transferred and ramped up in Singapore in the tail end of the second half of 2010 that we'll have a full year benefit in 2011. So all of those provide for a little bit more leverage in 2011 than we generally expect.
Neha Sahni - : And just one more question regarding the Japanese stimulus benefit you've got in 1Q '10 and whether you'd be able to help quantify that or give us any more detail so we can help think about comps for 1Q '11?
Douglas Berthiaume: I'm sorry. Could you repeat that?
Neha Sahni - : We were just hoping to get more details regarding the Japanese stimulus benefit you saw in 1Q '10 and how that might have helped comps for 1Q '11?
John Ornell: Yes, we had a very, very strong finish to Japan's fiscal year in Q1 of 2010. You're right, there was some stimulus dollars there. We're expecting Japan to have a modest decline actually in the first quarter, and that's incorporated to the guidance that I provided you.
Operator: Next question is from Ross Muken of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: We saw some really strong results out of some of the large chemicals houses this morning. And generally on a lot of the industrial end markets, we continue to see a bit of a pickup on CapEx spend. In terms of -- as we enter '11 from that customer base, what sort of the thought in terms of the continued momentum we've seen? And your belief that we can kind of sustain this sort of above average growth in the beginnings of an uptick in the economic cycle?
Douglas Berthiaume: Ross, all indications are that we're going to see a continuation of good conditions in the industrial chemicals sector. We're certainly seeing strong indications of that through TA, both in terms of quotes and early ordering dynamics. That tends to be cyclical, as you know. But I think this cycle shows no signs of dropping in 2011.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank AG: And maybe just quickly in terms of what you've seen in China specifically. Obviously, your x Japan growth in Asia was quite strong. If you sort of look at the various customer basis there, is there any specific area where you saw outsized growth there in India? Or was it really kind of broad based on the healthcare and industrial businesses?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, the answer is, it was kind of broad based. It was very strong continued in China. But I think every area in Asia continued strong. If there was a week point, it was in a small territory. I mean India, China, Taiwan, Korea, were all quite strong. And China continues to show sustainable strength across broad series of applications. It's not just pharma in China. A lot of food safety. A lot of environmental spending. It's probably our strongest quarter in China, and that was tough because the whole year was strong. So if anything, we built momentum in China as we went through the year.
Operator: Next question is from Doug Schenkel of Cowen and Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: In talking to you guys I'd say throughout at least for the second half, but now, a bit earlier in 2010. You guys made it very clear that if the demand trends remain as strong as they were developing throughout the year, then you would have to build up the sales and support infrastructure and debt. Your guidance suggests that this is indeed the plan for 2011. So would you be able to, I guess, first, confirm that and then maybe talk about geographic areas where you may be disproportionately directing higher in cuts or which maybe demonstrative of where demand is expected to be strongest in 2011?
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure, Doug. I think clearly with the increase in the organic growth rate, we're seeing some pressure in terms of infrastructure spending or organizational spending. Will that affect us? Typically, the most is in the service organization where you uptick that level of instrument placements. And this is just only so many instruments one service guy can deal with. So while we came in to 2010 cautiously investing in that area, we definitely held back. And as we went through the year, we uptick in that area. And I'd say if you look at anyone departmental area of spending, it's going to be the service force that probably takes a bit of a disproportionate investment. Also through the sales force in these developing areas are expanding too. China, Korea, India are growing faster where areas of slower growth, particularly like Western Europe aren't getting much in the way of investment dollars. So that trends kind of baked into our guidance for 2011. We still think we'll -- our operating expenses will grow more slowly than the top line. We're probably a little bit cautious on that spend rate in terms of our estimates. Maybe it won't happen quite so fast as we currently anticipate. But we're providing for kind of a -- we don't want to be surprised on that front. So that's what our estimates anticipate.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC: Alliance still accounts for, I believe, the vast majority of your LC installed base. Almost a year into the H-Class launch, I guess, what percentage of the Alliance installed base do you think is realistic to be targeted for a conversion? And is there a goal that you targeted for conversion that's embedded into a guidance for 2011?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, currently, Alliance represents about half of the chromatography shipments. So ACQUITY has really come up in terms of the current level. And when you look at our worldwide business, India is certainly an important area for Alliance where those generic accounts have tended to stick with the traditional technology that was in the regulated methods that they adopted. Interestingly, we're even seeing in India what's the early phase of a move to the new technology in ACQUITY, and we think that's likely to pick up steam. Although, I still think that Alliance is going to be the predominant system of choice in India because of regulatory factors. I think what you're going to see over the next couple of years is that 50-50 split's going to move inexorably to something like 80-20 being ACQUITY. That certainly what we're seeing in the developed markets. We're seeing customers tell us things like they won't buy any more HPLC. They're only going to buy UPLC. And I think they mean it. I think the case for UPLC is so strong that we're seeing it move in that direction.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Lawson from Mizuho Securities.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: I just wonder if you could talk to the [indiscernible] expected tax and what drove that benefit?
John Ornell: Sure. It was a re-enactment within the fourth quarter of the U.S. R&D tax credit. That's not quite half of the benefit that we saw, but it was meaningful to the quarter. That was re-enacted retroactively for 2010 and for 2011. So that's sort of going forward benefit as well. And then beyond that, we had significantly higher volumes of products that are coming both out of Singapore. And then, at the end of the quarter, out of Ireland as well as the TQ WEST new tandem triple quadrupole was transferred to Ireland and ramped up nicely at that facility. So both of those factors attributed to the benefit of the quarter.
Peter Lawson - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: I wonder if I could get some further color on the large Pharma segment? It looks like it's growing. What's holding it back? And is that being helped by Asia as well?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, the large Pharma, the segment -- if you're talking about the 15 to 20 largest pharmaceutical accounts in our base grew in the fourth quarter, and that was the first time this year that they grew versus the same quarter in the previous year. It continues to be interesting where we have some accounts growing extraordinarily fast and others not investing very much at all. So it's really not a homogenous dynamic going on in those large accounts. And we also continue to see a number of those accounts using third parties, using CROs, investing in smaller biotech startups to do some of their early phase development. So as I've said time and again what the absolute measure here of large Pharma and whether we're scoring business in a large Pharma account or in a CRO can be somewhat misleading as to what their overall investment practice is. I think clearly the overall pharmaceutical marketplace, as maintained time and again, is pretty robust. The pharmaceutical customers grew at our corporate average in the fourth quarter. So we're pretty optimistic about that overall account and not specifically looking to whether it's one of the large ethical that is up or down this quarter.
Operator: Next question is from Jon Groberg of Macquarie Capital.
Jonathan Groberg - Macquarie Research: Doug, just one question for you. Your net cash -- your net debt position is now a net cash position and you had some dynamics in the industry with some competitors taken out. And I'm just curious I think you've kind of said steady as she goes with respect to capital deployment. I'm just curious as you look at '11, any desire to maybe be a bit more acquisitive? Or should we expect you to continue to be focused on buybacks primarily?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, John, we'd be delighted to be a bit more inquisitive if we could meet our standards. And, it's highly unlikely that we're going to make anything like a $1 billion acquisition whether return on capitals are negative. And of course, look, when current interest rates are LIBOR-plus pennies and then LIBOR is 1% or 2%, it's kind of easy to make many acquisitions accretive. But still if you put a real cost to long term cost to capital on those acquisitions, it's a head scratcher as to how you make it work over the long term. And any hiccup in doing that injects a whole hell lot of risk. So I look at doing that versus a business that's now growing solidly in the double digits, producing cash and a stock price that's abysmally low, of course. So I'd still rather, if the choice is to take high risk on a large acquisition or continue to do what we do well, it may sound boring but I think that's what you can look for.
Operator: Your next question is from Amit Bhalla from Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Question on Europe. I know you've, in the past, made comments a more cautious outlook on Europe. So I was hoping in the quarter you could just kind of parse out Western and Eastern Europe across your different end markets and just talk to us about the outlook there?
John Ornell: Sure. We look at Europe in sum total; it did overall better than we thought. Kind of as expected though, Eastern Europe continues to be the star overall though in that group. That being said though, we did see positive growth within some of the larger geographies, Germany and France were actually up in the quarter, as with Spain surprisingly. We still see pressure in U.K., Switzerland, the Netherlands had a difficult quarter. But we've seen generally an improvement certainly at some of the larger countries within Western Europe. Eastern Europe, on the other hand, continues to do extremely well, very good growth in places like Poland, Hungary, Russia. We're seeing a broad series of opportunities in Eastern Europe that don't appear at all to be slowing down. So our expectation going into next year is to continue to see Eastern Europe but drive the overall growth for that portion of the world. But we do expect also to see Western Europe improve as we make our way across the year.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: And then a follow up just in terms of pricing. Can you just comment on UPLC pricing? I believe ASP was probably down in the last quarter, but your volumes has been pretty strong. So can you comment on pricing on UPLC as well as just pricing on the high end mass spec market?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think your impression is wrong. The overall pricing of our ACQUITY product is held.
John Ornell: The H-Class is out there to premium to the Alliance. The initial UPLC ACQUITY is still at a premium to that. The thing that we're grappling with there is really a mix between the base Alliance of the H-Class that's selling at a premium to the Alliance and the research grade initial ACQUITY product. And we're not seeing a deterioration in the ASPs across that, but we are seeing a mix change with more sales obviously of H-Class and it's higher proportion of the mix. And Alliance becomes a lower portion of the mix overall, but it's not a pricing dynamic as much as just a product mix dynamic.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: And pricing on the high end mass spec, I believe there's some competitive pricing going on out there?
John Ornell: I'd say, on high end mass spec. The good news for us on that front is that we've recently come out with the TQ west. That's providing a very nice margin for the business. You saw the benefit on the gross margins overall in Q4 through shifting that product back into the mix in the quarter. The high end series of by competition that exists with our Q top offering, there's a bit more of a competitive scenario right now. We're very comfortable with our product position. We're holding the margin on those products. Some of the newer high-end top products have a bit more cost than the products that they replaced. So they have a little bit of margin issue perhaps versus some of the triple, quadruple products that come out of the gate with some very nice margins. But I would say that the pricing dynamic is pretty constant across the quarter. We're not seeing anything that's more intense or less intense than was there when we started the quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from Tony Butler of Barclays Capital.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: With respect to the H-Class, could you characterize the rough estimate on a percentage basis of new non-Waters customers that may be adopting the H-Class? And second, could you also characterize the attachment rates of consumables to the H-Class? I think normally an HPLC may expect something around 30% to 40%, but are you seeing higher attachment rate on the H-Class?
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure, Tony. Maybe Art can chime in on the H-Class.
Arthur Caputo: The H-Class sales, Tony, between a third and a half of our H-Class sales are in fact due to new customers that were not prior Waters customers. So we've been quite successful with that particular product of converting new business.
Douglas Berthiaume: Just to be sure, Tony, that isn't a compex. That might be a laboratory that hasn't bought from us before. Within a customer that maybe has some Waters users, but a new laboratory.
Arthur Caputo: And the attachment rate as far as consumables is holding as about the same rate as our regional research ACQUITY offering, which appears to be running in the 80% to 90% range in terms of use of UPLC. Now qualify that, and that some of the per customer offering the H-Class does HPLC and UPLC. While a very high percentage in excess of 90% ultimate intent is to run UPLC on the system. They may spend an interim period doing HPLC while they prepare for the conversion. So in that case, they will use the chemistries that they were using for the prior HPLC application.
Charles Butler - Barclays Capital: And Doug, one follow-up, if I may. A number of competitors also speak about food safety in emerging markets. Could you provide some color around the competitive situation? And one would argue that it would be somewhat difficult to penetrate in the Chinese market with premium-price instruments and high margins. How do you think about that?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think it is a competitive marketplace, no question about it. I think we have some advantages, particularly in the emerging U.S. market but it's early there. And time will tell whether what we've done there prepares the past or the future. But we're optimistic about that. In terms of China, across the broad application space whether it's food safety, pharmaceutical or environmental applications or classic industrial. Our pricing in China holds up at the same level or at the same prices essentially that we're seeing in the rest of the world. We don't see end market pricing and in fact in market profitability, if anything, we see it on the plus side. So this notion that the Chinese are extraordinarily priced, they're value-conscious. They want the best product they can get. We find that they want the highest technology products at the same rate that the customers do everywhere else. So this notion that they might value price over and above other characteristics, frankly, we don't see it. And, boy, at the rate that our Chinese business is growing it would be hard to say that we're growing disproportionately slowly.
Operator: Your next question is from Jon Wood of Jefferies.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: John, can you just go through the free cash flow outlook on 2011 and then talk about the elevated spending on CapEx around the micro mass facility? Is that expected to be significant this year and how will it kind of flow the next couple?
John Ornell: For 2011, I think that our free cash flow is likely to approach about $450 million, excluding anything that we might do on the U.K. facility. That would be about $510 million in cash from ops and somewhere around $60 million or so CapEx. As it relates to the U.K. building in sum total over the course of multiple years, that's at $85 million, $90 million below or so investment. We've done very little to date. And the expectation is we may see somewhere between maybe $20 million and up to $25 million depending on how far we get in CapEx in 2011 associated with that building. It would not be included in the numbers I just provided you.
Jon Wood - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then, Doug, given your cash position and kind of the cash flow outlook here, why not do repurchases more in line with free cash flow at this point? Are you seeing more M&A at current that you did in 2010 on average?
Douglas Berthiaume: I'd say it's may be a little bit richer opportunity. But I think it's fair to say we re-evaluate the level of our share purchases at least annually. Last year, we used about three quarters of our free cash flow to do the buybacks. It's not inconceivable that we won't take that up a notch going forward. And the Board will take up the level of stock repurchases during the first half of this year. So I think it's a fair question. And I think you could look for us to update that as we go through 2011.
Operator: Your next question is from Derik De Bruin of UBS.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: On the H-Class, what's the exchange rate? That is -- are you getting a 1-for-1 swap for the HPLCs or were just given the higher throughput for the UPLC, is it more like a 2-for-1?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes it's early right now, Derik. It's a very fair question because the productivity of UPLC is clearly higher than traditional HPLC. We're early in the conversion cycle. So you're seeing, frankly, a lot of these systems go into methods development. And so at the early phase the methods development labs have to prove the transition of the method before they move aggressively into those QC applications. So right now, I'd say it's not a 2-for-1. It's probably more of a 1-for- -- just buying a one or two or these and not necessarily replacing too many HPLCs in their labs. But when we move into, full bore into QC it's probably something around the 2-for-1 mix.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: So I've always worked within a number that about 60% of your overall HPLC installed base is in the QC environment. Is that a fair number still?
Douglas Berthiaume: Art, what would you say, is that still currently a fair or it's a little high?
Arthur Caputo: It probably is at 30% to 40%.
Derik De Bruin - UBS Investment Bank: Given the growth of the applied markets, what's your general revenue exposure? I mean how much of your business would you say is dedicated to environmental? How much is it to food?
John Ornell: I'd say the environmental piece is probably maybe 7%, Doug, overall. Food safety is probably maybe 5% to 7%, somewhere in that range. So between the two, you're somewhere around 12%, 13% maybe.
Operator: Next question is from Quintin Lai of Robert Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: The success that you're seeing in the uptake of H-Class in the regulatory market, are you seeing any opportunities to cross-sell maybe like your new triple quad into those markets now that you've gained maybe some new account traction?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think it's a very fair question. The regulated drug metabolism in Pharmacokinetics segment of the market is a very large mass spectrometry marketplace. In a period of transition, so you've got many of these big pharmas looking to outsource some of those products. You've got CROs investing in new facilities. So it's a period of change in a lot of those environments. And we're coming to the market I think with both ACQUITY and TQ WEST that rival the best performance instruments in those applications. So I think a good opportunity for us that still awaits. We're seeing some good symptoms of penetration that could happen there. We're not declaring victory by any stretch of the imagination yet. But I think it's an opportunity to get additional growth that we're not ready to bank on yet, but I think is a real opportunity for us.
Operator: Your next question is from Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just wanted to dig up a little bit more into the mix use of the HPLC versus UPLC columns that you mentioned for H-Class. I'm wondering if you could maybe give us a sense of what that mix looks like today on a dollar basis and then how you think that's going to shift over the next one to two years?
Douglas Berthiaume: I'm sorry a dollar base? You mean like come, Mike?
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I think you mentioned something like 80% to 90% of your new H-Class installations are using some UPLC columns. But I'm wondering if you could maybe quantify what the dollar mix is between the UPLC versus HPLC columns today and where that's going to go over the next couple?
John Ornell: They are actually quite close. The average price for the UPLC column was about -- I think about it's $500 whereas you're probably closer to the $300, $350 range for an HPLC column. So it's the premium to the UPLC column. But over time, we think UPLC columns will hold the premium. The fact is that we've seen lifetimes for UPLC columns that are at least equal, in some cases, even better than HPLC columns. And the performance, of course, is what's justifying the higher value of the UPLC column. And we're going to hold over time.
Douglas Berthiaume: If you're looking for an underlying growth rate, Isaac, the UPLC columns are, by far, the fastest growing segment of our Consumables business. And we've gone from nothing to almost $30 million of revenue there. And that's a base level of that grows, we think continues to grow 30% to 40% over the foreseeable future whereas the rest of our chemical product, as you know, as a group, grow more in the high single digits to 10% range.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then maybe just secondly on the mass spec position, you did mention SYNAPT. I'm wondering you have touched a little bit on your product introductions as you progresses. Could you maybe walk us through what to expect as we head into ASMS and maybe the rest of the year?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, the SYNAPT has an outstanding year. And if you look at the whole family of high end QToF SYNAPT products, it was an extraordinary year for revenue growth there. Now to be fair, that was more of a late 2009, 2010 dynamic as we move later in this year the TQ west took more predominance. But we think the high end was particularly strong in the fourth quarter continues to be very robust. We continue to expand that family of products. Our most recent introduction was a single stage ToF mass spec that we're very optimistic about for benchtop applications. So I think that's what's going to take most of the new product emphasis this year as we still think that SYNAPT product line is very young in the two.
Operator: Next question is from Dan Leonard of Leerink Swann.
Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC: In the past, you've talked about the ACQUITY H-Class tripling the penetration of historical ACQUITY classic into the regulated applications. Could you update us on that metric to that hold in the fourth quarter, to that increase decelerate?
Douglas Berthiaume: I'm sorry could you repeat that, Dan?
Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC: I believe that maybe only 10% of your ACQUITY classic sales were into the regulated pharmaceutical quality control applications whereas the proportion of H-Class sales have been much higher. Can you I guess update us on that ratio please for the fourth quarter?
John Ornell: Basically what we've seen it holding. We find the H-Class is now dominated in what you've described as development applications through manufacturing QA. The traditional ACQUITY, it's still people using it for whatever reason in the developmental areas. And originally we had people putting that product into the quality control areas before we introduce the H-Class. But the bulk is still holding up 90% and the primary focus of the traditional ACQUITY is more in the Discovery front end research.
Douglas Berthiaume: And certainly, in high sensitivity mass spec applications, the traditional ACQUITY is the instrument of choice.
Arthur Caputo: I find most people will use it preferred the ACQUITY.
Daniel Leonard - Leerink Swann LLC: And then, just a housekeeping question for John. John, the $18 million interest expense forecast for 2011, is that a net number, net of any small interest you earned on your cash so that would compared to the 12?
John Ornell: That's a net number. It's up a bit year-over-year as we continue to move some of our debt portfolio into private placement fixed interest rate instruments.
Operator: Next question is from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On TQS, you may talked about a pretty broad range of application areas when you launched the product. Can you just characterize where you're seeing the strong interest, whether it's in the applied markets or infectious disease or biomedical?
Arthur Caputo: The TQS is fairly broad in its area of applications. So any one particular area doesn't seem to stand out, very broadly used. We see it used in the food applications. Environmental applications, certainly in the biomedical. We're seeing a very strong response in the regulated bioanalysis areas. So it's not hard to really draw a specific segment. The performance of the product is such that it is quickly become taken on a leading position of what you described as high-performance triple quadrupole. We obviously are trying to target was mentioned a few minutes ago very heavily into the regulated bioanalysis area. We see that combined with our ACQUITY positions offering a substantial opportunity for us. But its performance has been broadly based across a wide range of applications. Hard to single out any one of them.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then, in the prepared comments. Doug, you called out the new biologic characterization instrument or solution, I guess. As we think about where you're going from an R&D perspective, you've kind of refreshed the whole mass spec portfolio in the past couple of years and obviously you've had some success with UPLC products. Is there more of a focus on kind of application-specific methods here going forward and kind of more focused approaches as you target a broader range of customers?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think it's fair to say that we're doing a lot of work on applications such as biologicals in particular. I mean I think one of the reasons we focus there is because there's not a pharmaceutical institution around the world who isn't saying that their R&D and their future depends on large molecule versus their traditional small molecule world. And large molecules require different treatments, different systems, different kinds of separations to do them successfully. So we're clearly looking there and, boy, I think the fact that we introduced this new system is interesting but we've been having great success in the biopharmaceuticals piece of the pharma market over the last year or two, particularly in proteomics and in metabinomix. We're seeing a great deal of success there. I think it will be wrong, however, to think that we're not still continuing to invest substantial money in basic instrument systems, enhancements and more than enhancements but next generations of separations and detection. I think you'll be interested, we're not ready to open the komono [ph] too much on that. But throughout this year and into the next year, I wouldn't have you believe that we're just looking at application development. You're going to see a lot of core instrument development also come to the market.
Tycho Peterson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then just last one last one on pharma, I appreciate the color you gave before. But as we think about the prospect of a replacement cycle, there's obviously a lot going on between these mergers and more outsourcing. I guess what's your confidence level that you will start to see the replacement cycle pick up over the next couple of years? Or are we in an environment where you just don't have that visibility right now?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I would say that I don't think we have seen a lot of evidence that we're in a major replacement cycle as we speak, maybe a little bit. But I think what we're seeing is the market respond to UPLC and the need to get facilitize on this technology, and I think we're at the front end of that. And to some extent, I think that caused us some delays within some customers as they say, "How quickly am I prepared to invest down that road and how do I deal with my facilities and people issues." But UPLC has very strong ROIs. And as you know a lot of these, particularly big pharmas are extraordinarily focused on ROIs now rather than kind of blue sky new product promises. So we think that the market is poised to move into a replacement cycle. It's going to be somewhat masked by the move. It's not going to be a classic, "Well I had my old system and I've been in the market for five years with it and people are going to just buy more of those". Because they're going to be, at the same time, moving to a new technology called UPLC. But we're optimistic, but we're not probably going to formally incorporate that into our estimates until we can prove that we've seen the beginning of it happening. And that will take a while longer.
Operator: Next question is from Stephen Unger with Lazard Capital Markets.
Stephen Unger - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: John, as far as recurring revenue growth is concerned for next year, do you expect that to grow faster than Instruments sales given the strong Instruments sales of 2010?
John Ornell: I think high single-digit expectation; you're going to see pretty comparable growth across recurring revenues in instrumentation. I mean certainly to the extent that we continue to maybe see a little upside from what we're describing is most likely to be with instrument placements and not the recurring revenue side.
Stephen Unger - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And then given the strong sales in the quarter, was there a meaningful carryover of orders into the first quarter? And then, how is manufacturing keeping up with demand?
Douglas Berthiaume: I'd say the strength we saw across the fourth quarter was encouraging in that it was relatively consistent, and we've seen that strength continue principally right through the first few weeks of this quarter. So that trend continues, it's encouraging. And we do think we're kind of back to a bit more normalcy as we look across the various markets, and are pretty comfortable that our product positions will allow us to capture some meaningful share here. What was the second part of your question?
Stephen Unger - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Just house manufacturing?
Douglas Berthiaume: Manufacturing is doing well in keeping up. The good news there is that we've got some pretty robust products that are making their way through the R&D process, through new product introduction and ramping up nicely in manufacturing. We had a little bit of a delay in ramping up the TQS. That has gone extremely well. That product has no further delays and there aren't any other products that as we speak have any manufacturing issues. So we're comfortable from a product supply position that we're not looking at issues today.
Operator: Next question is from Paul Knight, CLSA.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: What's your view on Asia, Doug, in terms of -- is it a secular growth story? Or how much of it is cyclical? How much is the customer base there industrial users?
Douglas Berthiaume: Some segments of the market are more industrial. Historically, Korea has been more industrial. But I'd say that is changing, and the mix of business that we're seeing in Korea is moving more to a more of a traditional pharmaceutical Life Science focus. China is a pretty balanced marketplace, with probably a higher percentage of food and food safety and agricultural applications and environmental than we're seeing in other areas of the world. And I think that's going to continue, Paul. If you look at the amount of requests we get in China to look at specific environmental projects, say, testing of river waters, looking at affluent. Not all of them get funded at the pace that we'd like. But a lot of them happen. And boy, we continue to see a lot of new things coming on the plate that weren't there last quarter. So I think, the Asia development -- and by the way, I think Latin America is, in particularly places like Brazil, are just a smidge behind, very rapid growth, very clear signals of continuing investment in agriculture, food safety and pharmaceuticals. I don't see any significant cyclicality in these high-growth markets.
Paul Knight - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then lastly on the interest expense line, is because the cash in bonds is rolling in to lower yielding instruments, is that what's going on?
John Ornell: Actually on that front, the issue is that we have a bank agreement that expires at the end of this year. So we've been going through a process of diversifying into private placement debt instruments that have between a five- and 10-year tenure and fixed interest rates between about 3.5% and 5%. So we've been slowly moving a portion of our debt portfolio into these fixed-rate instruments that have raised the debt cost a bit in the short-term, and that's causing the $18 million.
Douglas Berthiaume: That dynamics there, Paul, is that, of course, you pay a penalty. Because under our current agreements here, you're paying LIBOR plus pennies, and that's very, very cute, but it's not going to last forever. So if you stay linked to that until the bitter end, then you're at the subject of long-term interest rates that could be much higher. So John has let us, done in the past, is diversifying our debt into more permanent instruments, and we think that was the most prudent thing to do even though we paid the short-term penalty on the interest costs.
Operator: The last question is from Sung Ji Nam of Gleacher.
Sung Ji Nam - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: I was wondering if you could give us some more color on your Academic segment, understanding that's not your obviously your largest segment. But given pretty solid demand touched nearly in U.S. and Europe, just wondering if there was any trailing benefit that is from the stimulus? Or what you're seeing there?
Douglas Berthiaume: Trailing benefit from what? Stimulus? We clearly saw some stimulus benefit last year in Japan. I'd say it was hard to see much stimulus benefit anywhere else in our Worldwide business. If it was there, it was indirect. And nothing much we could directly point to. Overall, our Academic business in the fourth quarter grew in the mid-single digits. And it was softest in Japan. That can be pretty cyclical in how the Japanese budgets work. We're a little careful about the Academic Government Business in Europe because we know that budgets are under pressure and we know that make itself else in lower government support for academic research. Frankly, we haven't seen that dynamic yet, but it's kind of what we're being careful about.
Operator: And there are no other questions at this time.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you very much for being with us, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This completes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Arthur G. Caputo – EVP and President, Waters Division Douglas A. Berthiaume – Chairman, President and CEO John Ornell – VP, Finance and Administration and CFO
 :
Analysts: Sung Ji Nam – Gleacher & Company Dan Leonard – Leerink Swann Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company Tony Butler – Barclays Capital Amit Bhalla – Citigroup  Ross Muken – Deutsche Bank Stephen Unger – Lazard Capital Derik deBruin – UBS  Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley Steve Willoughby – Cleveland Research Brian – Jefferies & Company Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan Paul Knight – CLSA  Isaac Ro – Goldman Sachs Quintin Lai – Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation's Third Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter financial results conference call. With me on today's call as usual is John Ornell, the Company's Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of our Waters Division and Gene Cassis, Waters Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's highlights and then John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the remainder of the year, but before we start I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the Company, this time for full year 2010. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions, and that the actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, in part one under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the Company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for January 2010. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the Company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which include the impact of items, such as those outlined in our schedule entitled 'Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share' included in this morning's press release.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you, John. We are pleased with the top line performance of our business in the third quarter. Our consistent order momentum throughout the quarter and continued positive acceptance of our new systems offerings are both encouraging signs as we look toward the fourth quarter and 2011. For the Waters Division, momentum continued to build in the third quarter and the Division's sales grew organically at 8%. From a product line perspective, instrument systems sales growth approached 10% organically, while our recurring revenues, the combination of our chemistry and services businesses, grew at a mid single-digit rate. This increase in instrument systems sales was highlighted by the continued strong uptake of ACQUITY H-Class UPLC and our high-end mass spectrometry technology. Looking at our end markets, we saw strong growth from pharmaceutical and chemical accounts in the quarter. Pharmaceutical sales were strongest among medium and small sized firms, with our largest pharmaceutical accounts delivering somewhat mixed results and an overall flattish year-over-year performance. Sequentially, however, sales to these large accounts improved significantly over the second quarter results. So that's a trend that's encouraging as we look towards year-end spending volumes. Waters Division sales to chemical and applied market segments were up at a double-digit rate, and that was led by our industrial chemical customers. The strong performance by this Group represents both a nice recovery from last year's economically challenged spending levels as well as high interest in advanced research systems, such as our SYNAPT and Xevo mass spectrometry platforms. Government and university sales were less robust in the quarter as the base quarter in 2009 included international stimulus-related business. A decline in sales volume to government labs was most apparent in Western European markets, while government spending in Asia and in the U.S. fared better. We're expecting the sales to government agencies in Europe will remain under pressure for the foreseeable future, but we are encouraged by the high level of interest for our research systems by government and university labs in the U.S. and in Asia. Geographically, Asia and the Americas performed well in the quarter. Asia benefited from very strong sales growth in China and India, while our growth in Japan was moderately positive. The strength that we saw in Asia was primarily related to generic drug end markets in India and to overall pharmaceutical spending in China. Sales in the U.S. grew at a double-digit rate with nearly all market segments exhibiting robust demand. Sales of systems incorporating high-end mass spectrometry technology were particularly strong in the quarter as we began shipping new systems that were introduced at this year's ASMS Conference in the middle of the year. Early in the third quarter, there were concerns about European economic stability and the impact of potentially faltering national economies on analytical instruments sales. But throughout the quarter, we were reading economic reports and closely monitoring the pace of our business in Europe, and as the summer passed, our concerns about a significant displacement in demand diminished and the demand level not too dissimilar from our initial expectations really materialized. In Western Europe, government spending was significantly reduced in the quarter, while pharmaceutical and industrial spending held steady. All-in, our European sales growth in the quarter was only slightly negative with Western Europe weakness largely offset by growth in Eastern Europe. We are expecting that government spending will remain weak in larger European countries. However, as this government segment represents a relatively small part of our sales mix and we are very confident in the strength of our new products, we feel that we can at least maintain or moderately grow our European business in upcoming quarters. Looking more closely at product trends within the Waters Division, there were interesting dynamics affecting our chromatography and mass spectrometry offerings. On the chromatography front, most competitors have now introduced systems that claim performance advantages of UPLC. This is a move that we expected, and frankly, we welcome as we believe that the largest business growth opportunity in analytical instrumentation may involve the broad conversion of a large HPLC installed base of instruments to UPLC-type capability. Furthermore, we feel that if this conversion materializes and we continue to both define and drive demand with new generation UPLC system offerings, Waters is best positioned to increase market share. Our ACQUITY H-Class is a key enabler in driving UPLC across HPLC market segments. Introduced earlier this year, the H-Class system is designed to allow laboratories, especially those running regulated testing protocols, to smoothly convert from HPLC to UPLC at a rate that best fits with their current workflow demands and their capital budgets. If you look at the third quarter, ACQUITY UPLC system sales were strong with demand growing in the double-digit rates and with higher penetrations in regulated testing applications by our ACQUITY H-Class System. Recent trends suggest that the H-Class is helping to initiate a long awaited replacement cycle for applications, such as pharmaceutical QA/QC, and we believe that this replacement cycle has the potential to augment LC system growth over a multiyear period. In addition, strong sales of ACQUITY columns indicate continued high attach rates for UPLC columns. Turning to our systems that incorporate mass spectrometry technology, we saw higher sales growth for our SYNAPT G2 and Xevo G2 platforms. Our Xevo TQ-S, which is a new high performance tandem quadrupole system that was introduced at this year's ASMS Conference, incorporates innovative ion optics that helps deliver industry-leading tandem quadrupole sensitivity for the most demanding quantitative analysis. I am pleased to tell you that we began shipping the Xevo TQ-S late in the third quarter. We expect to ramp shipments in the fourth quarter to reduce our current order backlog and to fulfill new TQ-S orders that are booked in the quarter. Our TA Division's organic sales grew more than 20% in the third quarter. As in the Waters Division, sales in the Americas and Asia were stronger than in Europe. In addition, sales growth was balanced across TA product line.  During the third quarter, TA delivered this strong performance at the same time they were introducing a significant new product platform, the Discovery DSC. DSC, for those of you who are interested, is differential scanning calorimetry and it accounts for a meaningful proportion of this Division's overall sales and the new Discovery DSC offers a level or precision, accuracy and sensitivity not available from any other research-grade DSC instrument. We are confident that with the introduction of the Discovery DSC, TA will further solidify its leading market position in 2011. Though John will soon be walking you through the details of our financial results, I'd like to highlight a few points at this time. Our financial performance in the third quarter demonstrates the operational strength and versatility of our organization. In the quarter, we delivered an impressive adjusted EPS growth of 21% and have set the stage for full year 2010 free cash flow that's roughly $400 million. You look more broadly at our business including our plans for capital allocation and I feel very comfortable with the path that we are on. We will continue to stay conservative on the M&A front, we'll make the investments required to maintain our technological leadership and deploy excess free cash toward our ongoing share repurchases, a program that over the past several years has reduced our outstanding share count by more than a third. Lastly, I want to reiterate our growing confidence in top line growth in the upcoming quarters. We acknowledge the concerns that are prevalent regarding the tightening of global government spending programs and the potential for near-term slower growth in specific countries. However, overall demand in our opinion is continuing to improve and we feel that our products and market positions are sufficiently strong to grow our sales at a higher than market rate as we look toward 2011. With that, I'd now like to turn it over to John for the financial details.
John Ornell: Thank you, Doug and good morning. Third quarter sales increased by 7% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 21% at $0.98 this quarter compared to earnings of $0.81 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.02 this quarter compared to $0.79 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. This quarter's GAAP results contain the effects of two audit settlements resulting from concluded audits in the U.K. and with the State of Delaware. The net of these settlements increased EPS by $0.06 this quarter. Reviewing Q3 sales results compared to Q3 last year, sales were up 9% this quarter before currency translation. Currency translation reduced sales growth by 2% this quarter.  Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were up 11%, Europe sales were down 3%, sales within Japan were up 3%, and sales in Asia, outside of Japan, were up 28%. Turning to the product front, within the Waters Division, instrument systems sales increased by 9% and recurring revenues grew by 6% this quarter before foreign exchange effects. Within our TA Instruments Division, sales continued to grow strongly and increased by 21% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q3 non-GAAP reported financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance came in at 59.4%, a little lighter than expected, but up 40 basis points from Q3 last year. Gross margins were depressed a little this quarter, largely as a result of a product mix shift as we built a backlog of our higher margin tandem quadrupoles. Foreign exchange translation was slightly less favorable than earlier anticipated as the stronger British pound reduced gross margins, but this was partially offset by a stronger yen this quarter. SG&A and R&D expenses increased about as expected and grew by 5% and 6%, respectively, this quarter compared to prior year.  Our full year effective income tax rate came in better than projected at about 17%. A continued shift in estimated production levels in favor of our operations located in lower tax rate geographies reduced our anticipated full year tax rate by about 1%. The year-to-date effect of this change in the third quarter brought the quarter's rate down to 14.5%. This provided about $0.04 of benefit to our Q3 EPS. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $837 million and debt totaled $792 million, bringing us to a net cash position of about $45 million. On the stock buyback front, we continued to purchase our shares in the open market, and during the second quarter we purchased 1.1 million shares of our common stock for $65 million. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus any non-cash tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting, and excluding unusual non-recurring items. For Q3, free cash flow remained strong and came in at $84 million after funding $26 million of CapEx and adding back $1 million of non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Comparable free cash flow in Q3 last year was $102 million. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 77 days this quarter, up 6 days versus Q3 last year. This quarter's shipments occurred later in the quarter as newly released products ramped up heavily in September and skewed our DSO comparison. We expect to see this metric improve as we exit the year. Inventories were up $30 million from year end. Foreign currency translation increased inventories by $5 million and the remaining increase is related to an inventory build associated with the ramp up of our new products and the typical midyear inventory increase in preparation for larger Q4 shipments. Inventories are expected to drop back to more normal levels by year end. As we look to the close of the year, our sales momentum continues to build as our new products continue to gain traction and customer demand continues to recover from the depressed levels we saw last year. The combination of generally stable demand across Q3 and into early Q4 and the order build coming into the quarter give us confidence that we should see our currency neutral sales grow between 7% and 8% for Q4. This growth assumption contemplates the continuation of the sales trajectory we have seen through three quarters and adjusts for a bit stronger base of comparison in Q4 last year where business conditions began to improve. Currency at today's rates should add about 1% to sales growth in Q4. Moving down to P&L, we expect gross margins on newly released products to be favorably affected by product cost reductions this quarter and current foreign exchange rates should provide for a favorable translation environment as well. Additionally, product mix is expected to be much more favorable in the fourth quarter as we significantly ramp up shipments of our new tandem quadrupole mass spectrometer. Gross margins in Q4 are expected to be between 60.5% and 61%. Operating expenses are expected to grow at a slower rate than sales growth and net interest expense is expected to be approximately $3.5 million. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect our operating tax rate to be approximately 17%. Our fully diluted average outstanding share count for Q4 is currently estimated to be about 93 million shares. Rolling all of these together, we currently expect our non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for Q4 to be in the range of $1.28 to $1.33 per share. For the full year then, we expect organic sales growth of about 8%, currency translation at today's level is expected to be about neutral to sales growth for the full year and our full year non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $4 and $4.05 per fully diluted share. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thanks, John. At this point, Amy, I think we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Marshall Urist, from Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: Yeah, hey guys, good morning. The first question is on your comments about the LC business and increased competition there; I would love to get a little bit more detail on exactly what you are seeing in the market in terms of customer purchasing decisions. Is there a greater evaluation of this system and how is that exactly impacting both the competitive dynamics and customer purchase decisions?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Let me answer what I think you're asking, Marshall. We are seeing a number--in the last year or so, we have seen more of our competitors meaningfully start to talk about UPLC. However, in almost all of those cases, we continue to see our customers go through many of the same evaluation procedures, long-term evaluation procedures that they went through with ACQUITY for us many years ago. So the actual uptake in the competitors we still think is pretty slow, but it's clearly changing the share of mind with customers to focus more on the UPLC technology rather than the traditional HPLC technology. We're clearly seeing more and more examples of our customers saying to us things like, 'We are not going to invest any more strategic monies in HPLC, we're only adding more technology in the UPLC arena.'  What is particularly encouraging is I'd say in the last two quarters and particularly in the third quarter where we have traditionally seen a greater level of uptake of ACQUITY in the front end of both development activities and R&D, and less uptake in the regulated applications in pharmaceutical QA/QC, we're now seeing a much stronger uptake in that downstream activities in QA/QC and that, of course, has a higher preponderance of instrumentation there and that's why you hear us to be optimistic about the long-term dynamics of that move into UPLC in those regulated applications.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: That’s great, that’s helpful. One more on--you mentioned you have improving confidence on top line growth into next year. It would be helpful if you could talk about – if you could give us a little bit better insight into what's driving that, in terms of what you are seeing across some of the major end markets and how much of that are you seeing today and what should we start to think about for next year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say what we are seeing from our field surveys and from our customer discussions is kind of a constant-- maybe a constant improvement, but I would say at least a level of confidence about the current pace of activity and the expectation that the slope of this business is going to continue as they go into 2011.  I think if you look at it geographically, I'd say, what you see now is pretty much what we expect, maybe improving a little bit as we move into 2011. We continue to see very strong conditions throughout Asia. We continue to see strong conditions in the generic drug accounts in India, and we see a fairly significant improving situation in the Unites States, where in the past 12 months we've moved from low single digit activity levels, moving up towards the double-digit activity levels. If you look at it from a product and technology perspective, the reaction to H-Class is probably the single most important thing on the chromatography side. We are very, very pleased with the reaction that we've had from that, from our traditional HPLC customers. I think there's no question with that offering, we're well ahead of the competitive offerings.  In the same way, coming out of ASM, as in particular, with both our high-end QToF like SYNAPT and G2 applications, and importantly, with this new TQ-S tandem quadrupole, our initial reactions on the part of both our accounts and competitive accounts makes us pretty confident that those products have strong legs going into 2011. So, geographically and in product position, we you look at it from a customer point of view. We're still probably most cautious about government spending, particularly in Western Europe, but outside of Western Europe that government academic community continues to look reasonably robust to us.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: Great, and then just one very quick follow up…
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Excuse me Marshall but I’m being warned that there are many, many people in the cue so I’d like to try to keep this to one question if possible and then back in the cue? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) our next question comes from Ross Muken of Deutsche Bank, your line is open. 
Ross Muken – Deutsche Bank: Thanks, can you tease out a bit more of what you're seeing across Europe, whether it's country-specific in the U.K. or in Germany or in France or it's across the entire western portion in terms of demand, both from government, academic, as well as from pharma and your industrial apply customers?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, I think it's relatively homogenous across Western Europe while not totally universal. I wouldn't point to any of the large territories being meaningful points off the line. They are all kind of in that flattish overall demand arena. I think, interestingly, if you look at the pharmaceutical marketplace, it's important to know that a lot of those pharmaceutical customers are outsourcing significant parts. You probably saw that Sanofi Covance announcement of earlier this quarter. And that's just one example of big pharma moving some of their operations to third-parties and in many cases, to non-Western Europe geographies. So, they are moving it into Eastern Europe, Poland, Czech, and in some cases, into Asia. So, the capital is still maybe coming from the big pharma in Western Europe, but we would score that revenue outside those traditional areas. So, it gets a little bit hazy when we talk about how did big pharma react in a particular quarter versus specialty pharma or third-party testing laboratories. We know that that dynamic has been operating and probably is operating at a higher degree because we are doing very well with some of these outsourced third-party testing laboratories. So, that just muddies the picture a little bit. In the applied markets, we're seeing pretty good performance in the European theater, and again, we're most cautious about those things that rely on government spending. It remains to be seen just how much available government money there will be as we go into 2011. Right now, we'd say we're thinking whether the current momentum is going to continue.
Ross Muken – Deutsche Bank: Just one quickly on the government and academic side, and that's mainly touching your mass spec business. Is it something where if we look at the order trends, we were trending along nicely and you had a stimulus benefit, and then come sort of the disruption we had late Q2 and early Q3, we just saw a disruption in the order pattern as well and it continued or how would that order trajectory look over into the summer and then out of the summer?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say Western Europe hasn't been strong all year. So I'd say what we're talking about is a little bit of nuance. Clearly, it does affect our higher end mass spectrometry significantly, but I should warn you, we had an excellent quarter worldwide in high-end mass spectrometry. So, whatever it did to us in Western Europe was more than offset by strength in those applications outside of Western Europe.
Ross Muken – Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks Doug.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Barclays Capital, your line is open.
Tony Butler – Barclays Capital: Doug, who were the initial customers who were ordering the H-Class and to what degree have you been able to gain traction outside of historic Waters customers and would you also guess or guesstimate as to whether or not they are using HPLC columns or UPLC columns principally?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I would say that our best estimate is that 25% or so, maybe a quarter of our H-Class orders are going down to customers who have not ordered HPLC from us before. So that's a pretty significant dynamic. I would say early on they are all ordering UPLC columns traditionally with the order. I would say our experience is most of them are running HPLC methods at this stage of their transition because what they tend to do is transfer their existing HPLC applications to the new instrumentation as they work in the future towards moving into a UPLC universe. Again, the great benefit of this technology is that you can put your old methods on there and yet eventually still move up to the UPLC platform.
Tony Butler – Barclays Capital: Thanks Doug.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup, your line is open.
Amit Bhalla – Citigroup: Hi, good morning. I wanted to just get a better understanding of the pharma comments you made. You said in terms of your larger accounts you were starting to see a rebound. I guess I was a little bit surprised given that you are in the summer months and you were seeing that quarter-over-quarter increase. So, can you just talk a little bit more about that?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Frankly I was a little surprised too, because, again, our field was reasonably optimistic coming into the quarter that we'd see some of that, but I was a little more skeptical. It's been somewhat difficult to call the pattern of big pharma capital spending. We're seeing more diversity in a lot of these large accounts in terms of when they are releasing their capital budgets and we are seeing particularly in the past 9 to 12 months we had several big mergers going on and the pace at which they resolve their organizational strategies and their spending strategies varies. One of the things we saw this quarter was that some of the companies that were undergoing those merger activities came out of it earlier and started to spend some capital with us. I'd say that might have been the single most positive dynamic that spending that we thought might come earlier in the year didn't come and it started to come in reasonable amounts in the third quarter from those large pharma accounts.
Amit Bhalla – Citigroup: Okay, and just a quick follow-up, just in terms of Europe, can you just quantify the exposure in terms of product in some of the geographic areas in Europe and just tell us if the weakness was greater in the third quarter versus the second or was it similar level of weakness?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I’m sorry, quantify it based on product do you mean?
Amit Bhalla – Citigroup: Geographically and product, if you could, in terms of Europe just so we understand the exposure and was the weakness in this third quarter greater than the second quarter?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yeah, we had a little bit weaker Western Europe activity in the third quarter, but not materially so. And I'd say the most notable issue was high-end mass spectrometry in the government supported customer base. That's where we saw a lot of issue. On the other hand, we did have some build in backlog because of our introduction of the new triple quads that will benefit our results in subsequent quarters. I think we should move on to the next question.
Operator: The next question comes from Jon Wood with Jefferies, your line is open.
Brian – Jefferies & Company: Hi it’s actually [ph] Brian Cleud for Jon Wood. Have you assumed your major pharma business will grow organically in the fourth quarter?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think our results anticipate that it will grow. Some of that is because we didn't have a terribly strong big pharma quarter in the fourth quarter of last year, but yes, our model anticipates, we will see growth in the fourth quarter.
Brian – Jefferies & Company: Alright, and then assuming current FX rates persist, will FX benefit your margins in 2011?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Versus 2010?
Brian – Jefferies & Company: Right.
John Ornell: Yeah, there'll be some quarterly issues as you look back to where currencies were across the quarters, but right now the currency environment is relatively favorable. So, I would say that you have generally good margins in the current environment that we're in and you're just going to have quarterly comparisons that will need to be accounted for as you go back and see where rates were across the quarters of the base year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: But generally, it's favorable as we look from this point with the yen around 80 to the $1.
Brian – Jefferies & Company : Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question on cue comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird, go ahead.
Quintin Lai – Robert W. Baird: Good morning. With respect to recurring revenues, could you talk a little bit about the pacing through the quarter, was it fairly steady or did it start off a little slow and then better?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think in the --if you look at our recurring businesses, it's really almost equal measures in terms of gross revenue from the part of service revenues and consumables, the columns. The service revenue is a slower growth than the consumables business and I think what's positive is that our consumables business has built momentum from the beginning of the year. Again, the service business is a little bit bigger than the chemistry business, but that chemistry business driven I think by the success of UPLC, the H-Class and the ACQUITY technologies, as well as the return of things like the generic drug business in India, so that our sample prep business is growing very nicely, so that business started off reasonably strong in the quarter and continued at a good pace, so I think it's very encouraging. Last year, during the downturn our chemical business, which as you may remember, is our most profitable in terms of its operating margins, slowed and now we're seeing a very positive track that I think continues as we go into 2011.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Super Doug, and then John real quickly, the tax rate, 17%, is that a good long return of tax rate into next year?
John Ornell: Yeah, I'd say, based on what we see today, we've begun to transfer some of the H-Class production to Singapore and much of that has yet to come. It's likely to offset perhaps a shift away from alliance in the future, but I think it's going to work. That provides for a build of production in Singapore. This is likely to keep our rate above where it is today, other things being equal.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Thanks.
John Ornell: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan, your line is open. 
Tycho Peterson – JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. John, maybe one for you. Can you just touch on some of the gives and takes on the margin line this quarter between mix and price and other factors.
John Ornell: Sure, I'd say on the margin line, the big issue here really was the significant reduction we had in the quarter of shipments of our high-end triple quads. We've been changing out demand to the new TQ-S so that we've been shipping many fewer of the legacy product, obviously, as we've been building a backlog as this product has been making its way from R&D into production. So, the lack of that bolus of high-end triples in the base caused about almost a 50 basis point reduction in our overall margins in the quarter versus a traditional mix in the base year.  The other thing, the other piece, which is a little bit more of a net, is that we did see a bit of a strengthening of the pound across the quarter versus where we started. That raised the cost of some of the high-end mass spec coming out of the UK upon translation. That was offset to some extent with the strengthening yen, but the net effect of both of those was to reduce our overall margin associated with FX by about 10 to 20 basis points. So, between those two, that's the difference between a 60% margin that we had been running closer to versus a 59.4%.
John Ornell: Tycho, just to border a little bit on that, what we saw in the quarter was a little bit unusual in terms of the timing of the currency moves in that the yen, in particular, and the euro strengthened significantly late in the quarter. The pound was a late in the quarter dynamic also. As we look at how much of that dynamic winds up in the inventory at the end of the quarter, how much of a sales effect flows through to bottom line is a simultaneous equation, all of that came together to be a little less favorable than we might have expected. We think that all washes through in a more positive dynamic in the fourth quarter and as we go into next year.
Tycho Peterson – JPMorgan: Oka, and then just one follow-up on your comments on pharma before, Doug. You talked about I think in your prepared comments H-Class kick starting the replacement cycle. Is this fairly consolidated by customer at this point or are you anticipating a broader replacement cycle here with the idea that you'll see more standardization in potentially larger orders come through across the pharma base.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think the answer is we expect to see larger orders in the future as – because these customers don't want to have multiple forms of technology in one laboratory. So they'll tend to move in a more aggressive fashion. That's what we've begun to see, and if we are right, I think we'll see that at a higher level as we go into next year.
Tycho Peterson – JPMorgan: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research, your line is open.
Steve Willoughby – Cleveland Research: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Really just two things on backlogs. I was wondering if you could comment at all regarding where your backlogs stands today compared to the 9% internal growth you posted today with backlog growing or shrinking this quarter. And then the backlog for the new Xevo units, I know you said you started shifting late in the third quarter, but how long do you think it will take to work through that backlog? Is it the fourth quarter or is it into next year as well?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We should substantially move through the backlog in the fourth quarter. Of course, if orders substantially outpace our current expectations, we may drag that into next year, but that would all be very good news for us. In terms of the third quarter backlog dynamics, we did-- our order rate was higher than our sales rate, we did grow the backlog, which is relatively unusual for us in the third quarter. We originally thought we would ship more of these units in the third quarter. The hidden message you see, the third quarter could have been a little bit better. We had a few, I'd call, minor issues from the middle of the quarter on that we delayed shipping for about three or four weeks that we hadn't originally planned on. Those shipment issues have resolved themselves. They weren't significant and that's why we are confident as we go into the last part of this year.
Steve Willoughby – Cleveland Research: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Isaac Ro – Goldman Sachs: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. First, I wanted to maybe focus a little bit more on gross margin. I think you identified about 60 basis points of gross margin impact this quarter versus a year ago. Gross margin was actually down sequentially about 90 bps off a higher base of revenue. So I'm wondering is there anything in there related to the manufacturing redundancies for H-Class, and if so, could you maybe quantify how that rolls off going forward?
John Ornell: On the H-Class, there were a few components that had higher cost early on than they will originally. Those costs are being looked at and I think generally pulled out in the fourth quarter, but certainly early into next year those penalties will go away. We also have somewhat higher cost in some of our newer products; the high-end QTof has a slightly higher cost that we're pulling back out. So there are a number of new product issues that did contribute a little bit to the lack of margin consistency, if you will, versus what you saw in the first half of the year, but the expectation really was to be at about 60%ish gross margin for the quarter and that was just based on the mix that we had expected that was, as I said, really significantly different only on the triple quadrupole.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The other dynamic, again, we would kind of splitting hairs here a little bit, but with the very strong hardware piece of our business that kind of reduces a little bit the consumables mix and our consumables gross margins are substantially higher than our hardware gross margins, so that mix cost you against the traditional levels that you have seen on the margin, that hurt your gross margins a little bit.
Isaac Ro – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks. So it's fair to say there was no material competitive pricing dynamic here just to follow-up on Tycho's question?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No I'd say nothing – you always see one offs, and in one geography you might be seeing some strange quotes or something, but you see that every quarter and we didn't see anything that would point out as being a significant dynamic in the third quarter.
Steve Willoughby – Cleveland Research: Great, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Knight with CLSA, your line is open.
Paul Knight – CLSA: Over those geographic breakouts the U.S., Europe, Japan, ex-Japan and was that organic?
John Ornell: Yeah, the percent that I gave you for each of the geographies was stripping currency out. So those would have been neutral from a currency perspective.
Paul Knight – CLSA: It was Europe at plus or minus 3?
John Ornell: Minus 3.
Operator: The next question comes from Derik deBruin with UBS, your line is open.
Derik deBruin – UBS: Hi good morning. 
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Good morning Derik.
Derik deBruin – UBS: You commented that you're seeing growing confidence in top line growth and particularly as you look at your market position as we head into 2011, I'm just curious, I kind – your confidence in growing above trend in 2011. So I see trend for these analytical instrumentation businesses, the market in general has about being mid single digits. So when you say above trend, are you talking high single or double digits potentially? Can you just talk about what you need to see in the market to move from a high single digit number to a double-digit number and how that will flow through? I am just curious on how you're seeing the financial model building on this?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say your base data that you cite, is pretty close to ours. We see the market being mid single digits and we're growing in the high single digits. I think when you hear us about growing confidence, we're growing confident about our ability to sustain that high single digit level of business and what would it take to get us more confident over and above that is a sustained picture that the H-Class is having the broad effect in the marketplace of moving the HPLC market more aggressively into a UPLC phenomenon. That's probably the single most important element I think.  We're seeing very nice dynamics in that, but if it's as good as we think it is and is broad, then that will move that picture up. We're also in the front end of what we think is this mass spectrometry, particularly the relatively higher end mass spectrometry. We are seeing--even with a relatively weak Western Europe picture, we are seeing record intake of orders on high-end mass spectrometry. It's very strong reaction to our new products and so, we're really only seeing about a little over a quarter of that. As we move into next year that dynamic could be very significant. I think that's most of it.  We've seen a quarter and a half of strength in the U.S. market, if we're right and that momentum continues a pace, then you're going to see full year of that dynamic next year. We anticipate that the U.S. applied markets in the food and beverage area has a great deal of opportunity for us. We're well positioned in some of the key thought leaders and then the regulatory environment to take advantage of that and that could be a smooth affect on us worldwide as some of those programs come together. I'd say we are anticipating that the strength that we see in Asia continues. I think that's a fair conclusion. It's not without certain risks, but I think it's not a huge risk that we'll see much disruption to the momentum that we're seeing in Asia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Unger with Lazard Capital, your line is open.
Stephen Unger – Lazard Capital: Hi good morning. Doug, on the TQ-S, could you talk about what type of buyer is the early buyer there and what types of applications, and then do you think that the core drug development labs, that market is opening up?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It is a very fair question, Steve. Art Caputo runs that business. He is here. I'll ask Art to chime in here.
Arthur G. Caputo: Steve, the target for the TQ-S is predominantly the regulated bioanalysis marketplace where what we try to do is put together a very highly sensitive unique triple quadrupole that performance-wise when combined with our front-end sample preparation total system solution enables us to make substantial inroads into the clinical tests and regulated bioanalysis marketplace. It also has a high applicability in the food safety segment and many of the industrial segments. So the mass spectrometry market, the high-volume workforce capability is high-end triple quadrupole. That's the single largest segment and this fits right into that sweet spot with very differentiating capabilities in terms of its sensitivity. Combine it with our systems solution which puts us in a very unique position in the marketplace because of the expanse of our full range of capabilities we think we've got something that offers a substantial competitive position in this segment.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: So, early on, the response to that has been strong both from the more traditional Waters account and early on from customer that haven't been used to buying tandem quadrupole from us. A little early in that conversion, but I'd say the early signs are very positive, Steve.
Stephen Unger – Lazard Capital: Great, and then just one follow-up. Do you think that the step up in the activity of inspections is helping drive – just by the FDA – helping drive the H-Class?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It's hard to tell. I'm not prepared to say that we see strong evidence of that.
Stephen Unger – Lazard Capital: Got it, thank you. 
Douglas A. Berthiaume: You’re welcome.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Sung Ji Nam with Gleacher & Company, your line is open.
Sung Ji Nam – Gleacher & Company: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just quickly, in terms of the overall strength in the mass spec business, do you attribute that to market share gain or the overall strength of the market?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think our overall mass spec performance had to above perform the market in recent times. I'm not saying that others couldn't have had a good quarter, but we had an outstanding – particularly on the order side of the equation. Again, it's very hard to measure market share and dynamics in any one quarter. So I'm not going to beat our chest too high. We'll look at it over the next four or five quarters and that will give you a better feeling for the relative market share dynamics.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel Cowen & Company, your line is open.
Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company: Hi good morning. My understanding is that H-Class is not available in all geographies in Q2 and Q3, particularly I don't think it was available in certain emerging markets, including India and China. Assuming this is correct, were these launched yet in these markets, and if not, when will they be launched and how do you expect to manage the transition away from Alliance, given Alliance has done quite well in these markets?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think you are wrong in those assumptions. Art, do you want to…
Arthur G. Caputo: That is incorrect. Actually H-Class is what we would describe within our organization as a zero lag launch, which meant that product was introduced worldwide within a three-week time period. Within that three-week, every field person was trained, every demonstration lab was equipped with demonstration units and the product was available for delivery within 30 days. So, it was a broad-based introduction, we've seen broad-based sales in that product, and to be totally frank, the ramp up in adoption of that product, a large piece of that was – keep in mind we had about seven years of the traditional ACQUITY being sold globally and that product basically in that phase was utilized to establish the transition for methods into the routine and downstream applications. The arrival of H-class was essentially looked on as an excellent implementation tool that could do both, HPLC or UPLC, and enable that implementation and we saw that largely from a broad base. Some markets are slower to adopt newer technology like this as you get into some of the emerging markets, but we have sales across every segment globally with that particular product.
Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company: Okay, thanks for that, thanks for clarifying. Just one more, quick one emerging markets. You guys have done quite well in India and China over the past few years, but I think a lot of this is attributable to really the Waters Division versus TA. At what point does TA growth in China and India become more of a point of emphasis is the opportunity as a percentage of sales up?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the TA opportunity is – don't forget, the India marketplace for us is heavily weighted to generic drug manufacturers and that's almost exclusively a Waters Division opportunity. The other opportunities for TA in India are in industrial applications and those are smaller served markets for us. So, you would never expect TA to have anywhere near the same size business that Waters has. On the other hand, the China opportunities are significant. In fact, the TA growth in China, as well as in other areas of Asia, is very strong, probably the strongest part of the geographies in the last two or three quarters.
Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company: Great, thank you. 
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We have a few people still in the cue. We’ll stay on for another couple of questions and try to cover them all recognizing that we’ve gone a little past our traditional stopping time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann, your line is open. 
Dan Leonard – Leerink Swann: Hi, thanks for staying past time. Just one quick question; it looks like you are expecting gross margins to tick down just a touch in 2010, perhaps due to the new product issues and FX. Once these new product issues have been worked through, should we expect --?
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Dan, I'm sorry. Can you frame that? When you say, tick down in 2010. You're talking about the fourth quarter or for the full year?
Dan Leonard – Leerink Swann: For the full year. When you put your gross margin guidance in the fourth quarter number, the full-year number is down a touch than in 2009.
John Ornell: Probably closer to being flat, not down.
Dan Leonard – Leerink Swann:  Anyway, how should we think about gross margin going forward?
John Ornell: I'd say that, as we look at the basic comparison that we've been creating in 2010, we're looking at being able to continue to move products to Singapore. We have a transfer in place for the new TQ-S into Ireland. So, our traditional capabilities of being able to move higher volume products to our larger manufacturing facilities where we can gain some economy of scale will provide for our traditional 20 basis point improvement year-over-year. I'd say currencies where they are today, they stay where they are on a full year basis is likely to continue to be a bit of upside to that as well. So thinking of a modest expansion in gross margin as we look to next year would be my starting point based on what I see today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Groberg with Macquarie, your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital (USA): Thanks guys, I’m good. Thanks for taking the question. 
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Alright, great. Thanks Jon. 
Operator: At this time, there are no other questions.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you all for participating today and we look forward to the end of year call in January.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-28 09:26:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, President & CEO John Ornell, Waters Chief Financial Officer Art Caputo, President of the Waters Division Gene Cassis, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Analysts: Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Ahmet Bala - Citigroup Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley Paul Knight – CLSA Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital Jon Wood - Jefferies Derik De Bruin - UBS Doug Schenkel - Cowan & Company John Sullivan – Leerink Swann Steve Willoughby – Cleveland Research
Operator: Welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to introduce your host for today’s call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter financial results conference call. With me on today’s call is John Ornell, the Waters Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, President of the Waters Division and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice I’m going to start with an overview of the quarter’s highlights. John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the third quarter and for the full year, but before we get to that, I’d like John to cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding future income statement results of the company, this time for Q3 and full-year 2010. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 in part one under the caption business risk factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 2010. During this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations we may refer to pro forma results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income per Diluted Share included in this morning’s press release.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you John. Well from many perspectives I think we’re pleased with our second quarter’s performance. Sales of our newly introduced instrument systems and a broad-based improvement in customer demand contributed to 9% currency neutral sales growth and close to 20% growth in earnings per share. At the same time, we are confident that our exciting new product launches, which we showcased at June’s ASMS conference and earlier this year, will provide us with a powerful competitive edge in the second half of 2010 and further into 2011.  When you look at the quarter, sales growth to pharmaceutical and industrial chemical customers significantly improved in comparison to what we’ve been seeing in the last few quarters. As you know, the pharmaceutical segment represents more than half of the Waters Division’s sales, and it was improvements in this customer set that contributed most meaningfully to the division’s growth in the second quarter. Geographically, pharmaceutical growth was strongest in North America and Asia, with drug discovery and QC applications leading the way. Sales in the quarter for most of our large-cap drug accounts grew sequentially from the levels that we saw in the first quarter. However, in absolute terms, demand remained somewhat weak, as many of these customers continue to rationalize their operations. Fortunately, strong demand from generic, specialty biopharmaceuticals, and TRO customers much more than offset the slower sales at our larger drug firms and all in our pharmaceutical business segment enjoyed double-digit top-line growth in the quarter. Sales to industrial chemical accounts were also strong in the quarter, and our TA instruments division benefitted from a significant and broad rebound in capital spending. As you may recall, TA’s largest customer segment is the industrial chemical market, manufacturers of fine chemicals and polymers used in applications ranging from consumer electronics, to aerospace components, to medical devices. And as you may remember, the severe economic conditions that we endured in late 2008 and through 2009 resulted in a pronounced decline in TA’s sales.  Throughout this difficult period, TA continued to maintain its technological leadership, provided market-leading customer support, and successfully maintained system pricing. This year, as we continue to emerge from a recession, we are seeing a very impressive rebound in demand for both instrumentation and services at our TA division.  Within the Waters division, we are seeing a similar recovery in demand at fine chemical accounts, though this customer segment is a significantly smaller percentage of the Waters division’s overall business. If you look at our non-profit customers, the combined government and academic sales grew more modestly in the quarter and were highlighted by robust shipment volume of high-end mass spec systems to universities.  U.S. stimulus-related business was not a significant factor in the quarter, and in almost all regions sales to government customers softened as new austerity measures seemed to be having somewhat of an impact. Looking at our overall sales geographically, Asia and North America saw impressive growth in the quarter. Within Asia the recovery of business in India from last year’s weak levels was a very significant growth driver while our businesses in China and Eastern Asia also continued to grow nicely. The outlook for businesses in Asia, outside of Japan, appears healthy as we move into the second half of this year. In Japan, you will recall that we had a very successful first quarter sales result as government stimulus funds were spent ahead of the close of their fiscal year. We knew that last quarter sales were not indicative of long-term demand in Japan, and expected full-year currency-neutral revenue growth to be at the mid-single-digit level. In the second quarter we saw a modest decline in sales in Japan, bringing the first half constant-currency sales growth rate to a little less than 10%. Recently, much concern has been voiced about economic weakness in Europe. However, in the second quarter our European currency-neutral sales grew at about the same rate as the company’s overall rate. Within Europe, sales growth in Eastern Europe was strong and for the region as a whole mass spectrometry shipments were robust. Moving forward, we share in what appears to be a prevailing concern that Western Europe may again experience a period of soft demand. However, we are not currently seeing this in our order trends and continue to believe that our overall European business will deliver at least moderate growth in the second half of 2010. Earlier today I mentioned that our recent new product launches positively contributed to our results in the most recently completed quarter. And now I would like to review with you the instrument systems that I was referring to and provide you with some perspective on the potential impact of these products on our future performance. If you’ll look at the second quarter, Synapt mass spectrometry and ACUITY H-Class systems were the star performers. With our Synapt G-2 MS and Synapt G-2 HDMS instruments, we are continuing to strengthen our position in research-grade mass spectrometry. Since we began shipments in late 2009, our Synapt user base has been rapidly expanding.  More publications from leading researchers have described the instrument’s unique performance attributes for a variety of applications and we have continued to enhance the system’s performance with more ionization options, new advanced chromatography inlets, and application-tailored software packages.  At this year’s ASMS conference in June, we introduced two new high-performance systems: the Xevo G2 QTof, and the Xevo TQ-S. These systems have been engineered to deliver industry-leading performance in compact and easy to use instrument configurations.  The Xevo G2 QTof incorporates our new QuanTof (inaudible) technology an innovation that facilitates high sensitivity compound identification and quantification in a single experimental step. In applications from environmental and food safety screening, to drug metabolite identification, the Xevo G2 can generate results in a single run that previously required running multiple experiments on a range of MS instruments. I’m pleased to tell you that we began shipping the new Xevo G2 QTof late in the second quarter, and that we’ll be ramping up production to address our order backlog in the third quarter.  The Xevo TQ-S is our new flagship research tandem, or as commonly referred to, triple quadrupole mass spectrometer. This new system targets the largest market opportunity in mass spectrometry-based instrumentation, and we are excited to have what we believe is the highest-performance offering. We feel that we have an opportunity to gain share in applications where high sensitivity, that is the ability to see trace amounts of organic or bio molecules, is of primary importance. Our ACUITY UPLC position, a leading market position in chromatography for high-performance MS applications, gives us easy access to our targeted customer set and the ability to offer complete UPLC MS systems for those customers requiring a turnkey high-performance solution. Order volume for the new Xevo TQ-S ramped nicely in the second quarter, and we plan to begin customer shipments this quarter. Earlier this year I had the opportunity to speak to you about our ACUITY strategy and our new ACUITY H-Class UPLC system. As you may recall, the H-Class instrument offers capabilities that allow for the running of legacy HPLC methodologies while providing an easy upgrade path to UPLC performance. It is, however, a true UPLC system with attributes that leverage the performance of our ACUITY column chemistries.  The ACUITY H-Class was developed based on feedback that we received from our largest ACUITY users, primarily customers that have already deployed UPLC instruments through their development organization. They told us that they are now more confident of transferring UPLC technology throughout their quality control laboratories for required instrument design features to facilitate that process. These design features and additional performance enhancements were incorporated into our ACUITY H-Class.  While we introduced and began shipments of the H-Class in the first quarter of 2010, early feedback that we received from the market was very positive, and that excitement level only grew throughout the second quarter. More important, in the second quarter, its first full quarter in the market, the H-Class has made significant inroads in opening the pharmaceutical QC market to UPLC technology, and we are confident that this trend will continue in the second half of 2010 and beyond. All of this is a very encouraging dynamic. Not only are we pleased to see the rapid adoption of our new LC systems, we are also pleased to see signs that our new ACUITY H-Class UPLC may be a key factor in initiating a long-awaited new instrument replacement cycle in pharmaceutical QC. From my recent comments you can likely sense that I’m very excited about the strength of our new product offerings. However, our success is also dependent on funds being available globally to acquire new goods and services, and it is today’s macroeconomic concerns that somewhat temper my near term enthusiasm.  John will review with you our financial outlook for the remainder of this year, but before passing you on to him, I want to say that we feel that we are emerging from the first half of this year with strong business momentum and reasonable visibility for the third quarter. Capital budgets for some of our largest accounts are still being released, and we enjoy order backlogs for our newly introduced products.  That said, we feel it is most prudent to be cautious in our full-year outlook and to adopt a reasonable but conservative spending budget for our business. Major product development projects will be fully funded and strategic initiatives such as our program to transfer instrument production to tax-have sites will proceed as planned. However, we continue to monitor customer demand and our internal spending in an effort to react appropriately to dynamic business conditions. In the second quarter, our pre-tax cash generation exceeded $100 million, and for the half-year period was more than $200 million. We feel that cash generation is an important internal and external measurement in evaluating the company’s performance, and this year we believe we are well-positioned to generate about $0.25 of free cash for each dollar of sales we make. So in closing, I will reiterate that I am pleased with our performance for the first half of 2010. We remain cautiously optimistic that we can continue to grow our top and bottom lines through the remainder of 2010 and into 2011 at rates more in line with our pre-recessionary growth trends and we remain committed to a focused business strategy that has served us well for many years. So I’d like to now turn it over to John for the financials.
John Ornell: Thank you Doug, and good morning. Second quarter sales increased by 8% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 19% at $0.93 this quarter, compared to earnings of $0.78 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $0.90 this quarter, compared to $0.72 last year, and a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Reviewing Q2 sales results compared to Q2 last year, sales were up 9% this quarter before currency translation. Currency translation reduced sales growth by 1% this quarter. Looking at our sales growth geographically, and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. were up 11%, Europe’s sales were up 9%, sales within Japan were down 3%, and sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 14%. Turning to the product front, within the Waters division instrument systems sales increased by 8% and recurring revenues grew by 7% this quarter before foreign exchange effects. Within our TA instruments division, sales were strong and increased by 28% versus prior year as customers returned to more traditional levels of purchasing activity. Now I would like to comment on our Q2 non-GAAP reported financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance continued to be strong this quarter and came in about as expected at 60.3%, comparable to prior year end last quarter.  SG&A expenses increased 2% this quarter compared to prior year. Salaries increased modestly and marketing costs were up related to food safety programs, but these increases were largely mitigated by lower currency translation costs, lower than anticipated incentive plan expenses from finalization of 2009 accrual balances, and a continued restraint on adding additional headcount at this time. For the remainder of the year we expect SG&A to grow at a mid-single-digit rate.  R&D expenses increased by 6% this quarter from continued new product development programs, partially offset by favorable currency translations related to our mass-spec operations in the U.K. We expect R&D to grow at a similar rate during the second half of the year. Our effective income tax rate came in a little better than projected at about 18%. A modest shift in estimated production levels in favor of our tax-advantaged geographies reduced our anticipated full-year 2010 tax rate by about a half a point. This provided about a penny of benefit to our Q2 EPS. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $754 million and debt totaled $757 million, bringing us to a net debt position of about $3 million.  On the stock buyback front, we continued to purchase our shares on the open market, and during the second quarter we purchased 1.1 million shares of our common stock for $75 million. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, less any non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation accounting, and excluding unusual and nonrecurring items. For Q2 free cash flow remains strong. It came it at $102 million after funding $11 million of cap backs and adding back about $1 million of non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation.  This strong start to the year allowed us to accelerate our buyback program and keeps us on a firm path towards $400 million of free cash flow this year. Comparable free cash flow in Q2 last year was $63 million, which included funding $18 million for a new TA facility.  Accounts receivable day sales outstanding stood at 73 days this quarter, down one day versus Q2 last year, and inventories were up $13 million from year end, as is typical at this point in the year. Overall, our Q2 results were somewhat stronger than we had anticipated at the start of the quarter. Our new products have been well-received and continue to gain traction and customer demand continues to recover from depressed levels we saw last year. I In April, we said that we expected our currency neutral sales to grow between 5% and 7% for the full year 2010. Through the first half we grew 8%, slightly over our expectations, primarily due to a strong rebound in our TA instrument business. For the second half, we now project our sales growth to average about 7%, with Q3 growing a little faster than this and Q4 a little slower, given differing bases of comparison (easier in Q3, tougher in Q4).  New product introductions at ASMS, a strong ramp of sales of our new H-Class products, and a building backlog of orders altogether give us confidence that the organic growth of the business is on more stable footing as we enter the second half of the year. On the other hand, general economic uncertainties remain and cause us to be a bit cautious as we consider growth expectations in the fourth quarter. For the full year then, we expect organic sales growth between 7% and 8%. Currency translation at today’s levels is expected to reduce sales growth by about 1%.  Moving down to P&L, gross margins continue to be favorably affected by product cost reductions and by foreign currency translation in the second half given the continuation of relative weakness of the British Pound and strength of the Japanese Yen. Additionally, product mix is favorable to margins and our new products are performing well early in their production ramp up.  Given these factors, we expect full year gross margins to be up about 50 basis points versus 2009. Operating expenses are expected to grow at a mid-single-digit rate. Net interest expense is expected to be about $13.5 million, and as I mentioned earlier, we expect our operating tax rate to be approximately 18%. Our fully diluted average outstanding share count for the full year 2010 is currently estimated to be around 93.5 million shares. Rolling all of this together, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings for fully diluted share to be in the range of $3.92 to $4.02 per share. For Q3 we expect our currency neutral sales to grow around 8%. At current exchange rates currency translation should decrease sales growth by about 2%, bringing reported sales growth to 6%. At this sales level, non-GAAP earnings for fully diluted share for the third quarter are expected to be between $0.93 and $0.97. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you John, and operator I think at this point we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator instructions.)
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Congratulations on a nice quarter. Could you remind us again, in previous cycles, when after a downturn and then a pickup in the industrial, you had a really strong TA quarter, how long does kind of a rebound like this usually occur Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Frankly Quintin, we haven’t seen anything that was quite as sharp a dropoff as we saw late 2008 into 2009. So I’m not sure that what we’ve seen in the last 10 years is indicative of what we’re likely to experience this time. We think that the second half is going to continue to be very robust in the TA business, and it probably has legs just from that bounce back in 2011. There’s no signs of this tailing off at this point. The start to this quarter has been continuing very robust at TA and they’re optimistic for the rest of this year. Realistically, I think it peters out as we get into the, further on in 2011, but I see no sign that we’re going in for another dip. So I’d say we look good into 2011.
John Ornell: And I’d say the Q3 comparison, Quintin, is pretty comparable to Q2, and then Q4’s basis a bit stronger, so I’d say the Q2 results, while we’re not in our guidance suggesting that it continues at that very high rate, the expectation would still be for some type of double-digit growth, perhaps in the third quarter before it begins to mitigate as we exit the year.
Quintin Lai:  Thank you. And then, with respect to H-Class, have you seen an impact on your Alliance sales and the people that are taking it up, are they Waters legacy customers or are you seeing market share wins to new customers?
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say the H-Class hasn’t had much impact on Alliance. We have seen, if anything, an impact on higher-end ACUITY sales. So if you look at the mix I’d say some of those H-Class sales would have previously been ACUITY sales, not so much Alliance. But our strongest Alliance customers today are still in India, and in those generic accounts. What’s really encouraging about the H-Class is that it’s beginning to penetrate into classical QC applications, and that works on several fronts. Number one, that’s an area where we’re seeing large pharma long out their replacement cycles and number two, they tend to the highest purchases of columns. Those applications are heavy column users. Now, the benefit of H-Class is they can use traditional columns, but as they move to more high-throughput applications and get truly into UPLC applications, they use more UPLC columns. So I think that works in our favor on a number of fronts. We think we’re at the front end of that but the early signs are very encouraging.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Doug, in the earlier comments you talked about investing during the downturn and in particular with regard to the TA business can you comment on whether the results you’re seeing here are market growth are you really starting to pull some share here? And can you also comment on competitive wins in mass spec overall and are you starting to pull some share in that business as well?
Douglas Berthiaume: You know we need to be very careful about talking about share changes on the basis of one or two quarters, Tycho, so I firmly believe that our most recent mass spec offerings are at the top of the class. And our customers tell us that they’re very happy with the G2 kind of performance in our QTof grade instruments and it’s early on in the triple quad business but boy we see side by side evaluations of our new triple and we haven’t seen any side by sides where we have lost. And that business is growing at very good, solid, double digit rates and nobody reports quite as much detail on that business as we do, but we can’t find too many competitors reporting that kind of growth in their mass spec business, particularly the high end mass spec business. So all of those are good signs that probably in the short term we’re leading the pack here and if it continues over multiple quarters it would be hard not to suppose that we’re gaining share there.
Tycho Peterson: And then in your comments you also talked about government sales softening and I think you made the comment austerity measures having an impact and then later you talked about you’re holding up, so is it fair to assume that the government pressure was here in the U.S. and can you elaborate a little bit more on, is that just a lack of stimulus or are you seeing things actually . . .
Douglas Berthiaume: I apologize if that was the implication. I think the government business softness we’re seeing generally. If you look at our non-profit business it was the university market that was stronger and government business, Japan in particular, we saw very strong end of their fiscal year growth in the first quarter and did not see a repeat of that in the first fiscal year of Japan. I think Japan was actually the most notable weakness in the government business but we also see signs of it in Europe and in the U.S.
Tycho Peterson: And then just lastly on the manufacturing over to Singapore can you comment on where you are with H-Class and transitioning that over, and then I think you’ve also made the decision not to move ACUITY production over there. Can you talk about the rationale behind that?
John Ornell: I’d say at this point Tycho, we’re pretty much on track with the original plans at the start of the year and the H-Class product will make its way over there in the second half. In the interim we’ve moved various UPLC detectors that have begun to ramp up production volumes there and ultimately as we transition from our existing high-end ACUITY to its next iteration, it’s likely that that production in following years will make its way over to Singapore. So I would say we’re on track. We’re feeling really good about the all business that’s being generated out of that geography and everything remains pretty positive as we look to the tail end of this year and 2011.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank:  Thank you, and congrats on a great quarter. Can we get a little more on the pharma commentary? As you think about some of the non-big-Pharma accounts, whether it’s the CROs, some of the specialty guys, the Generex, can you compare and contrast what you’re seeing in those various players and also is it geography based? The comments on India were pretty encouraging and so I think maybe that has part of it to do with it and then I have sort of a follow up. 
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say a couple of things that are relatively positive and a couple of things that still flash some warning signs. The big drug accounts still are struggling with their acquisitions and their restructuring. So if you look at absolute comparisons of our largest pharmaceutical companies around the world, those results were negative quarter-on-quarter. That is, compared to the ’09 quarter. What’s interesting is that sequentially they improve from the first quarter to the second quarter, we’re seeing order rates improve. We’re also seeing a great deal of interest and quote rate activity is pretty strong there. I think you know, holding my breath and crossing my fingers, that sequentially we’ll continue to see improvement in those accounts. It’s hard to imagine that they could get worse. And particularly in the bio applications of those accounts we’re seeing a huge amount of interest from our most recent offerings with our bio ACUITY and the results coming out of our new systems offerings.  So that’s all encouraging. In terms of current business, generic accounts, that being particularly true in India, bouncing off poor results last year, but generic accounts in Europe and in the United States are all very strong, and that’s across the board and that’s where some of the interest that we’re seeing in H-Clas and QC applications coming from. I think that’s pretty broad based. And that’s also true of CRO activity, pretty broad based geographically. So that’s I think the result of our good performance in pharma. Again across the board we had double digit growth in pharma in the Waters division this quarter, so we’re pretty enthusiastic about that.
Ross Muken: And can you talk a bit about the type of purchasing patterns we’re seeing for the H-Class. You talked about the potential to spur a more significant replacement cycle. Are we seeing broad adoption across the bio-pharma base in terms of small and large type companies looking to add or replace the instrument? And with the larger ones are we seeing several box orders, are we seeing large scale box orders, or is it very sort of customer specific.
Douglas Berthiaume: It really is customer specific. We’ve begun to see multiple unit orders in pharma accounts in QC, but I caution it’s that the front end of that cycle and I need to see more evidence before I really take it to the bank. I’d say it’s an encouraging early sign. It’s across the board. We’re seeing that kind of activity show itself in big pharma, in specialty pharma, and in biotech. I’d say the bio applications are probably the most near-term, where the traditional small molecule pharma is longer term, but of course all of these accounts are saying they’re gearing up for the bio applications, so I think we’re well positioned to take advantage of things there. And those are the most near-term areas where they have the most money to spend I’d say Ross.
Ahmet Bala - Citigroup: I just wanted to continue to follow up on that H-Class QA/QC question. Is there any way you can tease out in the second quarter what percentage of your H-Class is actually going to the QA/QC setting? Is it 5%, 10%? Any numbers you could put there? And can you also talk about the backlog? Did it actually grow quarter over quarter?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Yes, our backlog did grow in the quarter, so that’s certainly an encouraging sign. In terms of the H-Class in QC, I don’t know whether we could actually give you a specific number there. Art, do you have anything qualitative to say about H-Class in the QC market?
Art Caputo: Generally speaking, we don’t go into that level of detail, but suffice it to say that the product was really targeted at the downstream development, method development, and quality control segments, so it’s safe to say that easily half our sales are going into those two areas for that product. It’s also being well-accepted in food testing and environmental testing, so it’s broad based. But the product was designed to be, whereas the original ACUITY was leaning on the front end for the bulk of the sales the H-Class was designed for the pre-quality control development of methodologies and then carrying it down into the execution and being a system that can either conduct a legacy method of quality control or either go through the conversion to HPLC, or be a system down the road if they ever decided they did want to improve the productivity. There are separations that UPLC do that within H-Class. In rough numbers it’s the bulk of the sales and it’s roughly half the market for that business, for those two segments.
Ahmet Bala:  And can I just ask you just one quick follow up on the gross margin? You’re talking about 50% year over year, or 50 basis points year over year growth of the gross margin. Can you just tease out the pieces for a second? There’s FX pressure but there’s mixed manufacture lift, so you can just tease out the three pieces that are leading to the gross margin expansion for the year?
John Ornell: I’d say that if you look at the gross margin performance it was relatively strong in the first half of last year. The gross margin in the third quarter came down a bit and we’re suggesting that we’re more likely to be somewhat consistent with gross margins as we move into the third quarter from the second this year as a result of product mix. And also the currency environment remains very favorable for us. We have a relatively strong Yen still as we speak, so our sales in that region are being translated favorably where there’s no production in that part of the world so there’s no offset to the cost of sales line. And the British Pound continues to be relatively weak, so our units coming out of our Manchester operation as they’re sold around the world are favorable. So that environment continues as we look at the second half, so I would say that you’re looking at probably two thirds of the overall improvement is currency and the remainder is associated with cost reductions and product mix and some of the newer products that our coming out pretty strong in margins. So that’s, based on where we are today, that’s how it works.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: So, first one, I know you had some comment about some sort of conservatism built in to the back half outlook, so could you talk about where you feel like you’re being conservative. Where could the upside, and I guess by the same token where could the downside come from?
Douglas Berthiaume: Conservative. In our second half organic growth is just a smidge slower than we’re experiencing now, and if we continue to see current run rates and things involved on the new product front, it’s not impossible that we could see better results. But tempering our expectations is major questions about Western Europe, particularly the government-supported segments of the Western Europe business. Frankly, all in Europe has been pretty good, but we’ve seen pockets of weakness in Western Europe and that government-supported piece is under a fair amount of strain. So that tempers our expectations. We certainly saw strong government spending in Japan in the first quarter, weaker in the second quarter, so that causes us some element of concern. We factored that into our results. If things evolve a little bit better then we could possibly do a little bit better. We frankly have not seen a lot of results from stimulus spending in the United States from government stimulus spending. That could be a little bit better, but frankly we’re not banking too much of that in the second half either. I’d say that’s where most of our conservative comes in. We might be a little conservative on how long we think the TA bounce and how high it can get so that’s another element that if we turned out a little bit better we wouldn’t be totally surprised. Those are the key elements of when I say we’re a little bit cautious in the second half. Those are areas that we think we’ve injected some degree of conservatism.
Marshall Urist:  Okay perfect. And then just one other one from me. I’m just curious, on China, the kind of underlying dynamic there. Are things still strong, sort of business as usual, no major changes, or are you seeing any impact on the dynamics in that market?
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say it remains strong. We’ve continued to have good, strong double-digit growth in China. Some indications that it could even see elements of strengthening. So I think China and Asia, outside of Japan, in general are still showing very good opportunities. And across technologies.
Paul Knight – CLSA: Do you have any difficult comps still in the China market that you’re still going through, like melamine?
Douglas Berthiaume: No, I’d say you shouldn’t expect us to say, for this year, maybe next year . . .
John Ornell: I think with China specifically that’s true. Business in general, though, we have obviously a better comp in Q3 versus Q4 but not relating to anything to do with China really specifically.
Paul Knight: In Asia, are you order patterns different than the rest of the world? Are they large units orders or is it the same worldwide.
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say typically it’s the same worldwide. In China sometimes we’ll get a concentrated order that’s a little bit larger and certainly with some of the potential business that we’re seeing in the second half that could be true, but typically it hasn’t been the case. I’d say in general, seeing the strength that we’re seeing in high-end mass spectrometry, our average order has tended upwards, but that’s more of a product mix issue, Paul, than it is a general statement of how tenders are being done.
John Ornell: Sometimes in China you get a somewhat larger governmental order and that might make its way to different places, but that’s a one-off here or there. It’s not the common way of doing business, at least historically.
Paul Knight: Are you seeing any impact from the Indian and Korean stimulus packages on research?
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say we’re seeing a little bit in Korea probably, but our India business is traditionally highly focused on that generic drug business. So it’s not a key ingredient of what we’re seeing in India.
Operator: And before we go to our next question we do ask that you limit your turn to just one question.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital: I guess just one clarification question and then a question that I was asking at the same time but can you maybe, I think you talked about having a pretty good Synapt backlog through the first half of this year, and then depending on what happened with government that maybe that wasn’t as clear, and from what I’m hearing you’re saying government really, some of that money hasn’t really materialized. So could you maybe just talk about where you’re at with Synapt, and then just, that was kind of a clarification, and then if you could just talk about your free cash flow strength and whether or not there’s any, given your balance sheet, whether there’s any desire or appetite to be a little bit more aggressive on the buyback front.
Douglas Berthiaume: Second question first, Jon. Our cash flow is strong. I would say there’s nothing unusual in that, it’s not like we dramatically raised our payables balance or anything. We think it’s sustainable and we continue to evaluate the aggressiveness of our buybacks. We continue to believe that our stock is a very good investment. So I think you could think of us continuing to be on the aggressive side of that equation rather than the less aggressive side. We’ll continue to lean in that direction. In terms of our Synapt business and really talking about our high end mass spec business, we’re very confident of our position. We had a great first half in that. That’s particularly so on the orders front, but also true on the shipment front. It is true that we built some backlog, and what we’re talking about in terms of concerns or potential issues in the second half is not related to the high end MS. If anything, I’d be surprised if we saw a material softening of high end mass spec in the second half. We’re continuing to see the university piece, which of course is an indirect level of government spending in most of our areas, be very strong as it looks to that high end mass spec product line. And we have a great list of opportunities coming out of the second half. So that’s a very encouraging piece of our business.
Jon Wood - Jefferies: John, can you just comment on the buyback plan in the context of the current M&A environment. It’s slowed down a bit in the second quarter but still heavily weighted obviously in the first half, but just are you seeing anything different on the M&A side, or any emergence of opportunities that might be responsible just for tempering the buyback pace a bit?
John Ornell: I guess I would say that we thought we would front-end-load the program, we have front-end-loaded the program. We were relatively aggressive in the second quarter I’d say, at $75 million. We talked about the program at least early in the year being targeted at maybe $250 million for the full year, so we’re well ahead of that clip certainly as we make our way through the first half. We’ve principally spent what we’ve generated, if you will, on the program, say, for $25 million. So I’d say the message there is that we are bullish on being aggressive in buyers of the stock. We’ve done that.  There really isn’t anything on the front burner right now from an M&A perspective. We continue to look at the small bolt-on acquisitions that we’re typically trying to close, but I would say at least in the near term there doesn’t appear to be one that would consume cash, so it’s likely that we’ll continue to get back in the market when the window opens and continue to buy our shares in the second half. It’s not impossible that we’ll go well beyond, perhaps, that $250 million limit to the extent that we don’t buy something on the M&A front.
Jon Wood: Okay, great. And then can you just give us some sense of the contribution from the suite of new products in the second quarter, whether qualitatively or quantitatively. And then within that, I know Doug mentioned strong double digits in high end mass spec. Can you give us a bit more quantitation around how the high end mass spec business did in the second quarter?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think in terms of mass spec our overall mass spec business was well into the double digits and our high end mass spec was beyond that. It was the strongest performer across the line. So that’s probably as much detail as I want to go into. It was a very strong quarter in high end mass spec.  In terms of the new product contribution, in the mass spec area most of that performance were products that were introduced prior to this year’s AFMS. So we didn’t ship any of the products that were introduced at this year’s AMSM. Well, maybe a few, but nothing of any significance. So that’s still one of the (inaudible) and that’s probably another area where we’re being perhaps a little conservative as we look to the second half.
John Ornell: And while the H-Class did very well, as a percent of our LC business, it’s still rather modest. The trajectory is very good, but that would have had less of an impact, perhaps, on LC and will have more as we make our way through the second half.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, but still very, I mean the uptake in the H-Class is very strong. That’s all. I don’t want to break out unit data but boy, from a standing start in the first quarter, to where we are now, it’s been as strong an introduction of a new product since probably is . . . ACUITY was very strong five years ago when we introduced it but H-Class is very comparable.
John Ornell: All right, great, appreciate the color. So it’s safe to say that in the first half of this year, very limited contribution, in terms of incremental contribution from new products, and that should definitely build into the second half.
Douglas Berthiaume: Those words are yours, John. I think yeah, particularly on the mass spec side, those new products should contribute in the second half.
Derik De Bruin – UBS: One question in five parts. No, just kidding. So when you look at your R&D and SG&A spending, you’re still being a bit conservative as you look forward to the outlook. What type of costs do you need to add back into 2011 as you start looking forward there? Are there things, and I guess at what volumes do you really think you need to, organic (inaudible) growth volumes, do you think you need to start adding people and infrastructure for next year? And off on the SG&A question, historically going between Q2 and Q3 you tend to be a little bit lower in the Q3 number in SG&A. Same trend this year?
John Ornell: To answer that second one first, I would say expect a mid-single-digit growth from a year-over-year perspective, Q3 to Q3 in SG&A. So if that’s down a little bit, then it is, but I’d say they’re relatively flat Q2 to Q3. But a mid-single-digit growth in SG&A for Q3 specifically year-over-year is what we’re forecasting. As it relates to longer term needs for investment and the like, I believe currently that to the extent that the business continues to pick up and to the extent that the economy continues to do better, that we’ll have the ability to live within the organic top line growth rate in being able to fund investments in SG&A and R&D that don’t force those expenses to grow at the same rate as sales.  Now, whether they can grow a point, two points less than sales or more is obviously dependent on how high that top line is. But I don’t foresee that we’re going to be needing to grow SG&A and R&D faster certainly than sales based on what we currently see in the pipeline.  That does afford us to put some personnel in place, principally service-type people that come into the cost of sales line but other support people as well, and we’ve been doing some of that, even as we’ve made our way through the first half of the year, principally international folks. So I’d say we’re not in a dire need there. Yes, we’ll make investments in headcount if the business grows and I’m confident it will be contained within what you expect from us in being able to leverage our base of costs.
Doug Schenkel - Cowan & Company: Couple questions, real quick ones. You guys talked about concerns about austerity measures I think specifically in Europe. Could you just size up how you’re thinking about your exposure as a percentage of sales to anything that would change in terms of European government spending specifically? And then my second question is, I believe you reduced your full year gross margin growth guidance by 25 basis points. If I’m wrong, forget the question. If I’m right, can you just break out how much of this change is attributable to FX versus, you know, I guess a couple of variables like production improvements, geographic mix, or product mix?
John Ornell: Within Europe the government piece of the business there is under 10%, it’s probably even closer to 6% or 7%, perhaps. I don’t have that right in front of me, but it’s under 10. And to the extent that it slows down a bit it’s not, we’re not saying it’s going to go to zero, but it’s likely to have an impact. It might be a few percent of growth opportunity. The other, as it relates to the gross margins, full-year expectation. You’re right, it is 25 basis points and that’s all currency. That’s just slight movement that we’ve seen in currency from where we last gave guidance. The rest of the margin expectations from an organic perspective are comparable to what we said in April.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, and John, just to clarify, just to make sure people don’t get confused, that’s 7% of Europe. That’s 7% of Europe, not total sales. I mean, that’s clear, but I just want to make sure everybody understand that I understand it correctly.
John Ornell: That’s correct.
Doug Schenkel: So a much smaller percentage as a percentage of the total.
John Sullivan – Leerink Swann: Can you just speak for a second, as you talk about investing in your business on an ongoing basis, what kind of investment goes on in these emerging countries like China and India? How are you improving your capability and infrastructure in that part of the world?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah John, every budget cycle, you know you have competing plans we have positionally been investing in terms of headcount and with us it’s in areas of growth, like India and China, it’s sales and service and application support people. And that continues to be where we put our incremental headcount. In those higher-growth areas of the business it’s been true for a number of years now, where we kind of hold the line in the more industrial lower-growth areas of our world and add headcount in China or in Latin America, etc. It’s no different and it will continue.
Steve Willoughby – Cleveland Research: Just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the consumable and service side of the business and the trends that you’re seeing there. It sounds like you’re seeing an uptick or you’re starting to see an uptick in maybe some pharma spending. What are you seeing on the activity side, if you could give us some color?
Douglas Berthiaume: The service and consumables piece of our business grew nicely in the quarter, particularly true in our traditional column business, and particularly true with the UPLC column consumables that tend to be very closely tied to our instruments, unlike the more open platforms of traditiona. HPLC. So we’ve seen a return to very predictable growth in that high-profit consumables piece of our business.
Operator: (Operator instructions.)
Douglas Berthiaume: Operator we could probably take one more question and then bring it to a close.
Operator:  Actually I’m showing no other questions at this time. 
Douglas Berthiaume: Well very good. Thank you all for being with us this morning and we’ll look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks again.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, President & CEO John Ornell - CFO Art Caputo - President of Waters Division Gene Cassis - VP of IR
Analysts:  Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley Doug Schenkel - Cowan & Company Peter Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Jeff Ares - Leerink Swann & Company Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus Steve Unger - Lazard Capital Markets Derik De Bruin - UBS Jon Wood - Jefferies
Operator:  Good morning welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to introduce your host for today’s call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter financial results conference call. With me on today’s call are John Ornell, Waters Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, President of the Waters Division and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice I will start with an overview of the quarter’s highlights. And John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year and then we’ll open it up for Q&A. Before we get going, John will cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, at this time for Q2 and full year 2010. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 in part one under the caption business risk factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 2010. During this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations we may refer to pro forma results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income per Diluted Share included in this morning’s press release.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you John. Well, our results in the first quarter I think signify continued improvement in customer demands and also stronger reacceptance of our key new products. But we’re not totally prepared to believe that the economic conditions that have challenged industries since late 2008 are fully behind us. We are increasingly optimistic about our business prospects for 2010 and are very excited about out strong product division. The difficult business conditions in 2009 required us to improve our operational efficiency and with these efficiency still in place improving end markets in 2010 should allow us to transition toward our more traditional sales growth rates in 2011 and beyond. Turning to first quarter 2010, our organic sales growth with 6%, and we delivered 9% adjusted earnings per share growth. And however more important, we executed well on our new product initiatives most notably, our new Synapt G-2 and our H-Class ACUITY UPLC systems. Demand for our Synapt G-2 has been strong and we successfully delivered and installed the record number of Synapt class mass spectrometers in the first quarter. Sales of new Synapt instruments was strongest in North America, Europe and Japan. Key application areas of Synapt continued to be in proteomics and metabolite identification. However, we have more recently begun to see uptake by customers in organic synthesis and central analytical labs and pharmaceutical, academic and industrial accounts.  On decision to introduce the H-Class ACUITY UPLC early in 2010 helped to drive order growth in LC instrumentation an important. Our H-Class UPLC system was designed based on consistent customer feedback regarding key performance features required to accelerate UPLC uptake and regulated testing applications. As you may recall we introduced this new instruments configuration in late January and gained customer shipments in early February. Though significant new launches often result in the delay of orders as customers reevaluate and modify their purchasing plan to adequately consider a new system offerings. Our positioning of the H-Class appears to have resulted in a little disruption of our sales momentum while setting the stage for an acceleration of the equity business as we move through 2010. Some of our largest equity users, companies that have globally deployed UPLC instruments through the development organizations have told us that they are now more confident of transferring UPLC technology throughout their quality control labratories. For many this new outlook is based upon new H-Class instrument features that allow for the running of legacy HPLC methodologies while providing an easy upgrades path to UPLC performance. With the introduction of the H-Class, overall interest in UPLC has significantly increased. We see this in seminar attendance and requests for customer demonstration and then our lead and quotation volumes. Most interesting we have started to see new orders in sales from competitive uses. We have been motivated to try small particle chromatography but it has not been sufficiently confident to move forward until they learned about our new H-Class UPLC. With in our Waters division recurring revenue sales that is the combination of our service and chromatography chemicals businesses performs about as expected and grew in the mid single-digit range. We expect this trend to continue through 2010 with the chemicals business growing a bit faster than the service business. Sales of our TA Instruments division grew a little faster than those for the Waters division with strong performance across TA lines of thermal analysis, rheometry and biocalorimetry systems. Given TA’s heavy exposure to the economically sensitive chemical industry its sale growth and even stronger double-digit orders growth are indicative of the recovery and our industrial end markets and as TA’s continued strong product positions.  Business activity for TA as indicated by sales leads and quotes for new instruments appears to be continually improving and sales growth for the division is likely to accelerate in future quarters. Sales to industrial accounts for the Waters Division were also positive in the first quarter. We have historically included sales to the chemical, food and environmental testing industries within our broadly defined industrial segments. Within these sub-segments chemical and environmental sales were strong in the quarter, while food testing growth was effected negatively by a strong Asian Melamine Testing business in the base quarter’s comparison. Pharmaceutical segment sales in the first quarter grew at about the same rate as our overall sales growth. We look across the segment and we benefited from a recovery of sales to generic firms in India and strength globally from generic CRO at specialty pharmaceutical accounts.  As we expected merger activity among certain our larger pharmaceutical customers affected their purchases from us in the quarter. However, we are encouraged that recent feedback from some of largest accounts indicated that an instrument replacement cycle, especially in light of our their excitement from our ACUITY H-Class UPLC launch maybe on the horizon.  And look at our business geographically, sales in the quarter was strongest in Asia with India and Japan driving the lion’s share of the improvement. As you will recall, last year we endured a very difficult first half performance in India as a severe devaluation of the rupee helped depress demand for dollar denominated laboratory instruments. In Japan, strong sales to academic institutions primarily for research mass spectrometry systems resulted in solid double-digit revenue growth. Our sales growth in China was consistent with our overall mid single digit sales performance and was as I mentioned earlier affected by strong Melamine sales in the 2009 quarter’s results. Factoring the Melamine business out of the quarter’s results sales would have been up a strong double-digit rate. And that’s an encouraging factor to consider as Melamine related comparisons should not be a factor of future quarters. Looking ahead towards the second quarter and full year 2010 will be an exiting year for new product launches, I’ve already reviewed the ACQUITY H-Class introduction and I am pleased to now tell you that significant new mass spectrometry base systems are planned for the upcoming ASMS conference in Salt Lake City. We expect that this year’s ASMS will be just as exiting as last year’s when we showcase the Synapt G-2 HDMS system. With the improving demand pattern that’s emerging this year and our commitment to overall cost containment, we’re expecting another year of strong free cash flow. As we have for the past several years, we’ll continue to deploy our cash to its smaller acquisitions and our share repurchase program. They are off to a strong start in 2010 with a $100 million deployed for stock repurchases in the first quarter. So in closing I would like to say that we are encouraged by the trends that we see developing in 2010. Furthermore, we are confident that with our strong product portfolio and broad access to growth markets, we are very well positioned to benefit from a continued global economic recovery and for an ongoing opportunity to deliver industry leading top line and bottom line performance. Now here is John to take you through more detailed financial analysis. 
John Ornell: Thank you Doug and good morning. First quarter sales increased by 10%, and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.81 this quarter compared to earnings of $0.74 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings was $0.79 this quarter compared to $0.75 last year.  A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Reviewing Q1 sales results compared to Q1 last year sales were up 10% this quarter with currency translation representing 4% of this increase. Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales within the U.S. and Europe were up 2% sales within Japan were up 22% and the sales in Asia outside of Japan were up 12%. Turning to the product front within the Waters division, instrument system sales increased by 7% recurring revenues grew by 6% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments Division, sales increased by 8% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our Q1 non-GAAP reported financial performance versus prior year. Gross margin performance was larger than originally anticipated this quarter and came in at 60.3%, the company continues to benefit from manufacturing cost reductions and more significant foreign currency translation benefits than expected. The combination of the relative strength of the yen and weakness of the British pounds versus the U.S. dollar had a beneficial impact on our gross margin percentage based on our geographical sales and production mix. We experienced a similar and even more pronounced currency impact in Q1 of 2009 and this accounts for the year-over-year decline in gross margin percentage. Going forward, the 2009 base of comparison becomes more favorable and we expect to see year-over-year growth in gross margin percentage in future quarters. SG&A expenses increased 8% this quarter compared to prior year and R&D increased by 10% this quarter as we prepared for new product releases later this year. Income taxes came in on planned of about 18.5%, we are on track for the transfer of additional LC production to Singapore later this year which helps to lower our tax rate, but the success of our Synapt systems manufactured in the UK puts upward pressure on our effective tax rate. Our present view has not changed from January and we expect these effects to principally offset each other and then our full year effective tax rate will remain around 18.5%. However that is depended upon many new product introductions and manufacturing transfers that could bring some variation into the picture as yield unfolds. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $692 million and debt totaled $712 million bringing us to a net debt position of about $20 million. Earlier in the quarter, we took advantage of improving capital markets and diversified our debt structure by entering into an agreement to issue $200 million of notes in a private placement to qualified investors. 100 million of the notes were a 3.75 coupon for a five-year term and another $100 million of notes were a 5% coupon for a ten year team. On the stock buyback front, we continue to purchase our shares in the open market and during the first quarter we purchased 1.7 million shares of our common stock for $101 million.  We defined free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures plus any non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual non recurring items. For Q1, pre-cash flow was $95 million after funding $11 million of CapEx and adding back $2 million of non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation. This strong start for the year allowed us to accelerate our buyback program and put this on a path to approach $400 of free cash flow this year. Comparable free cash flow in Q1 last was $64 million. Accounts receivable day sales outstanding stood at 78 days this quarter comparable to Q1 last year and inventories were up about $10 million from year end as is typical at this point in the year.  Overall our Q1 results were somewhat stronger than anticipated in January, many of our end markets improved as the quarter progressed and they appear to be on track to continue to do so, we presently expect our currency neutral sales to grow between 5 and 7% for the full year 2010. Currency translation based on current rates looks to be about neutral the sales growth for the full year.  Moving down the P&L gross margins continued to be favorably affected by product cost reductions and foreign currency translation given the relative weakness of the pound instead of the yen. Additionally product mix is favorable to margins and our new products are performing well early in the production ramp up, given these factors we now expect full- year gross margins to be up by about 75 basis points versus 2009. Operating expenses are expected to grow at a rate almost equal to sales. We expect our operating tax rate to be about 18.5% and net interest expense is expected to be approximately $13.5 million. And our fully diluted average outstanding share count for the full year 2010 is currently estimated to be about 93.5 million shares.  Rolling all of this together we currently expect Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $3.85 to $4 per share. For Q2 we expect our currency neutral sales to grow around 7%. At current exchange rates, currency translation should increase sales by about 1% bringing our reported sales growth to 8%. At this sales level non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the second quarter are expected to be between $0.86 and $0.96. Doug?
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you John. Operator I think at this point we can open up the phones for Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from the line of Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. The introduction of the H-Class seems to be off to a pretty strong start, relative to sort of your initial expectations if you sort of had to parse out what sort of positively surprised you at customer feedback versus where you had to sort of reposition or maybe augment sort of the marketing angle. I mean what's been sort of the, you’re sort of take on and sort of how that has gone so far and what customer basis are showing sort of the greatest interest in terms of the initial orders?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Ross, I think it's important, that this introduction of the H-Class was a little bit different than major platform introductions that we've had in the past. I refer to it as what is it either 0 lag notch where when we announced the product we started shipping potentially immediately. We had trained the sales force we had the marketing literature already that was introduced typically, introduced these platforms kind of licensed to get the Pittcon and then your shipping by the end of the subsequent quarter. This was you know and so part of it is just the way, our businesses evolve so we were very happy first of all with our ability to drive the developments and the manufacturing to the point where we are able to do that. Then I would say the most interesting dynamic I think has been with competitive accounts we knew we had some early indication in some of our classic Waters accounts about the reaction to it, we clearly aiming this technology and trying to bring a faster uptake curve into the QA regulated the applications part of our business and taking this instrument into competitive accounts has been very, very positive. So I think that’s probably the early indication, the other thing I think is we commented on that often times you introduced a new platform like this and the immediate response you see is delay because customers are used to buying your old products and they kind of put things on hold to evaluate and sometimes they run new systems through months of evaluation studies I am sure we saw some of that, but overall the net effect was really a positive effect rather than a delayed effect. 
Art Caputo: Yeah I would say the thing about the H-Class was keep in mind we introduced UPLC now growing about 6 years ago and something very unique in our business is we were left alone for our intents and purposes for about 5 years before any significant competition beside try and participate but throughout that period and out there several thousands of systems being installed and evaluated, we had a luxury of working with these customers and very precisely understanding what does it take now to move this technology downstream. And for intents and purposes replaced the traditional HPLC marketplace, while at the same time taking into consideration a large installed base HPLC that have been in play for 30 years. And so we really took our time we focused on the customer needs we delivered a product that probably is, hits the mark so precisely in terms of what customers were asking for and now seeing it’s hard to argue with something that you said if you do this we’ll buy it and so we’re experiencing this and the beauty of it is the demonstration units are in place there is no delay on delivery. It utilizes the same broad systems chemistry solution we’ve had out for six years. So its really the experience that we've had with paying off for us on this strategy.
Douglas Berthiaume: Does that cover everything Ross.
Ross Muken – Deutsche Bank: That's good. And just so I understand, so if you had a look at the industrial and the biopharma end markets, where you both had pretty strong growth, if you had to parse out market recovery versus new product momentum in terms of contributing to the strong growth, how would you weight the two, just to get a sense of how much of it is actually sort of customers coming back and how much of it is actually Waters maybe taking a bit of share with some of the new product momentum that you have?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think probably in the industrial arena particularly for Waters that’s probably more market related. It would surprise me if you didn’t see others servicing the industrial market to see some good results because I think it was so tough that they were bouncing off more modest comparisons. We clearly had some good uptake in response to our new products, but more in the industrial arena, I’d say its probably a market dynamic. In the biopharma, boy, I think our new product are really striking a chord, not only the ones that we've already let you peak at but early it buys on some of other new stocks that come in very enthusiastic I think in the biopharma segment 
Operator: Our next question is from Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: A question on guidance -- you upped your organic revenue view for the year. So maybe you could just talk through what are the things that are -- specific things that are better than when you guys first looked at the year, maybe if anything is worse, then how you got to that view for the full year.
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure, I’ll give the 30,000 foot view and then John can bring me back to Earth. Clearly the industrial market recovery is better than we had banked on in our budget. We thought we would be in perhaps attached on the conservative side because we didn’t want to over stayed out our spending budgets coming into the year. But industrial, we see that very clearly in the TA piece of our business we also see it in the Waters piece. So, I think the strength of the recovery in the India Generic Pharmaceuticals is pretty clear that’s not insignificant piece of our business, the reaction to the H-Class and the seamlessness with which its coming to market and the continued interest in the high-end mass spectrometry product lines are all encouraging. I think the thing that keep us from being maybe slightly more optimistic at this point is waiting to be sure that overall the developed markets in the United States and in Western Europe can show sustainable strength pockets there is that the industrial markets there but [big] Pharma is still going through some of the merger pains. We see a lot of encouragement from that segment of the business but we probably don’t want to take it to the bank quite yet. John?
John Ornell :   Yeah, I think the only other thing I would say is that we had a relatively strong Q1 with Japan, we are not expecting Japan to grow full year at those rates certainly but on the other side of that within China we had a very difficult basic comparison with the larger Melamine business that rubs off in the rest of the year. So, that’s a natural offset so that Asia, in full, I think, has balance going forward relative to what you saw in the first quarter. 
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley:   Okay, great, thanks; and then, just another one on gross margins for the year. Is the change mostly due to currency? Or maybe just walk us through the moving parts of that as we go through the year in terms of some of the manufacturing transitions, how that's going to impact gross margin, and anything else we should be thinking about on that line.
Douglas Berthiaume: The currency dynamics that we saw in the first quarter principally I continue however the base of comparison becomes less difficult if you will if you look at but going forward quarters of last year. So a piece of the improvement in gross margin, a significant piece is currency. But that being said, I would also say that layout of the gate, we have some very good product costs on new H-Class that are contributing even in the first quarter to improve margins. We’ve had a relatively strong chemistry business subjects provided a little bit of upside on the mix as well, we expect that to continue. And our Thermal Analysis business is done very well in some of these industrial accounts and within the TA product line that tends to be the one that has the higher mix of all of these factors. We think we will continue and contribute to the sort of tick up in gross margin for the year.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then anything on the manufacturing piece is going to be especially impactful on the back half?
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say that that’s pretty much on plan. We still have the H-Class transfer in the work, so we’re looking to see the, the benefits of that as we move through the second half of the year. I’d say this is probably nothing different from where we started the year at January from a guidance perspective.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then just one last one from me. On the Americas and Europe, maybe you could just give us the growth is obviously little bit slower there, so maybe just give us a sense of the different markets there you talked about pharma, but beyond that kind of what’s driving that, you talked about 2% kind of what, what are you seeing specifically out of those geographies? Thanks.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah I’d say if we looked at the developed world Europe and the US specifically here a large pharma was really the problem, as it relates to the decline that we saw in that business was a little more that we might have anticipated, well offsetting now was some pretty interesting strength in the final business outside of large pharma. Government and academic in total was good in that part of the world then we saw the industrial business begin to come back in those regions, so I would say really the only serious pocket of concern is large pharma a lot of that I am certain is merger related I think we are going to see that dissipate as we make our way through the year. Some of those accounts were up but many warrants, I think it was a may be a little bit of a lag in the CapEx release perhaps in some of the (Inaudible) and its not impossible to think that the H-Class launch well it was very successful right out of the gate is some accounts where they are going to do a little bit more work on that before its implemented and I think that’s a potential upside of some of these large pharma houses too as we go forward. 
Operator: Thank you please limit to one question. Our next question is Doug Schenkel with Cowan & Co. 
Doug Schenkel - Cowan & Company: First question, how was the phasing of the quarter? It sounds like you still have pretty good G-2 backlog and it sounds like TA orders were may be decently stronger than the actual sales number. So I was just wondering if momentum actually builds as the quarter progressed and as we turned the page into Q2? 
Douglas Berthiaume: I wouldn’t say it was a homogenous dynamic as it rarely is I would say overall the last part of the quarter was stronger than the first part that’s always kind of the case with January being a tough side to a year. But some geographies finish stronger than others. Overall, I would say our more interesting dynamics is the early indicators of request for demonstrations, request for quotes, quote activity and some of them the soft and more intangible that I think are much stronger than we anticipated would be at this stage of the game. So that’s the kind of momentum that I think, it doesn’t result in sales in the first quarter but we’re optimistic we could gain for stronger sales as we go forward. We also in the first quarter, this quarter ended with the Easter season you had Good Friday, that always throws a little confusion particularly at the areas like Western Europe and the more traditional religious areas and we didn’t have that last year, it’s always a guess as to how much that affects your order activity lots of strong orders coming in the next week. So you know again intangible dealing that you know its all pretty good going forward.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay, that's helpful. You beat the midpoint of your guidance by $0.04. You bumped up full-year EPS guidance by I think it's $0.15 at the midpoint. You did bump up your revenue outlook, but I think just a little bit; I think you guided to mid-single digit growth, maybe, a little bit higher than that.  But it doesn't sound like it changed a lot and it sounds like you still expect this to be a year where you spend a little bit more operationally than the norm. So what's changed here? Is it really the revenue number? Is it gross margin, or should we be a little bit more positive when it comes to modeling out non-operational items? 
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, I guess what’s changed is we certainly have taking a slightly different view on gross margins we had some, good experience right out of the gain on some of the new products in addition to some of the currency benefits that we’ve seen.  Yes, we are continuing to make investments small investments in headcount where we need to will continue to do that. So, we are not going to see a significant gap in the growth of our expenses versus the top line but that’s no different than what we have said in January.  Currency for the full year is a little bit less of the top line benefit but offsetting that and more is the fact that we did move the organic growth from what we defined as mid single digit four to six to five to seven.  So, it’s little bit here and there that basically say that you know the incremental profitability that we saw out of the business in the first quarter principally continues for the next three and that comes pretty close to the full year increase that, you’ve seen in the guidance for the EPS.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: And last question, it sounds like you guys are spending a little bit more on SG&A than you normally would. I think that's associated with just the spending ramp as you build towards some of these new launches. Any way to quantify that just so we can think about leverage potential moving forward?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, I guess, one of the things we look in the first quarter is you have to recognize that currency on SG&A was about 4%. So, the 8% growth in the SG&A was really only about 4% ex-currency.  Normally when we look at this business we typically say that we have sales growing in the 7, 8, 9% range on an average year you’re able to grow your SG&A couple of points less than the sales line.  And I would say that, that model is likely to be what we’ll continue to say going forward beyond this year because of as you pointed out because of investments that we need to make this year and this year being kind of a year of recovery on the spend line is not likely to be quite as much leverage, I don't think the expenses go exactly the same rate of sales, but there is not likely to be the full one or two points of differential. But for 2011 going forward I would submit that we’re kind of back to that traditional model.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Peter Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: I wonder if you could talk to the impact from NIH stimulus, if you saw that this quarter?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Frankly if you didn’t know we didn’t see much stimulus, we keep hearing it, we keep tracking the code activity but the actual spending was really not material, not in the US. We’ve seen very active academic government activity in China or in Japan which is a little bit harder to tie that directly to incremental stimulus money, but frankly in the US we still have not seen a significant amount.
Peter Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: And the growth you saw in Japan, too a bit from academia, bit from mass spec what else was there?
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay that's the most notable in terms of a changed dynamic. I would say the base level of pharmaceutical and industrial business was pretty consistent with what we saw in the later half of both 2009.  And Japan has been pretty consistent. Japan didn’t have a big fall off in demand, with the 08 industrial slowdown. So I would say we’re seeing pretty consistent business in the Japanese pharma, biopharm industrial activity and we saw an uptick in academic, that’s like John says we are we don’t think we are going to see a continued pace that we saw in the academic business going through the year. And we temper our forecast to not anticipate quite too much strength there.
Operator: Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Congratulations on an excellent end to the year. Just kid of going back to the H-Class and the launch you had, the early adopters that have brought that in, are they running primarily just HPLC applications, or are you seeing some of the, are they starting to work in UPLC columns as well?
Art Caputo: If you think about UPLC in general when I’d say right now 90 plus percent of the people who are buying UPLC based products for the H-Class for the original acuity UPLC system they buy it with usually the intention of incorporating the UPLC capabilities.  They believe that that’s how they will justify the performance of the equipment and that’s how they will ultimately use it. The H-Class for the most part is an account with the ability to have more flexibility.  So if they buy an application where they are utilizing UPLC but at the same time couldn’t justify the purchase but they may still have three or four legacy methods that are HPLC. The interest in the H-Class is that I cant if I need to also run an HPLC separation item. So well some people are buying it to future proof for potentially UPLC applications we think this will be the case moving forward, for the most part now people now are still focused on purchasing any of our UPLC products with the prospect of taking advantage of the superior performance capability. 
Operator: Jon Groberg with Macquarie Capital. 
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital: Hi thanks for taking the call. Can you just maybe talk about your view of the impact of health care reform and maybe how it flows through to clients and put that in conjunction with I guess, trying to think specifically of your pharma, your biopharma clients? And I also heard you mention that you are getting some indication that maybe your replacement cycle could be on the way. And maybe I'm just trying to understand a little bit better your view, I guess, of how some of this shakes out, kind of flows down to where you guys are at.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think its an excellent question as to where healthcare under this model winds up, I think the direct impact are is clearly mostly I think on the medical device manufacturers, who are hit with incremental costs directly in the plant. For Pharma I think most of the effects are indirect the same way they are on all of us, I mean you have seen some companies who have plans have to record one time charges as a result of that, I don’t know that I have seen too many big pharmas do that but just certainly seen some industrial accounts do that 
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital: Doug, I think I'm speaking specifically around so that you know they've had these big Medicaid rebates so the revenues are going to be lower, I'm assuming maybe they would have to spend less on R&D, perhaps, as a percentage of their sales and may be volumes don’t really pick up as they expects going forward. And I guess understand that I don’t know 
Douglas Berthiaume: I think there are many, many type of this still and of course I don’t think was seeing the manifestations of all of them yet. I don’t think we’ve seen the Medicare dynamic it hasn’t currently popped up as a particular issue -- may be we’re seeing it in the optimism in the generics who clearly kind of by support get our favorite position in this bill, we are certainly seeing great activity amongst our generic accounts. We haven’t seen the direct results of Medicare concern is certainly reasonable to think it has to be attracted into their business plan.  I think, the way we interpret our results so far is become very traditional in our big pharma accounts to see slow starts to the year and this was no different. So you’re still seeing an enormous amount of interest in our new products in those accounts. We are already I think as we start the second quarter seeing some order flow that we didn’t see in the first quarter. So I think right now it probably along the business plan that they started the year and there just kind of started over to see how they deal with the healthcare issues as I go forward.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital: And specifically on the replacement cycle comment, are there maybe some more detail, some backdrop to that, that you said you got a little bit more comfort that there, could be a replacement cycle coming up? 
Douglas Berthiaume: I think there is two things in place, there is clearly, they have a longed out replacement cycle over the last two or three years. We have had major departments managers complain to us that they have to make use of their equipment much longer then they ever anticipated. And we still firmly believe that that’s going to ultimately result in some pent up replacement demand coming through the system. But I would say even higher in the dynamics is emphasis on cost control and productivity and I think they have been talking about that for a long time now it really, making itself felt in the innards of pharmaceutical. And they are really looking at the productivity the H-Class and ACUITY can give them. Because it really means doing a lot of their jobs with a lot fewer people, they can replace multiple traditional HPLCs with fewer H-Class or fewer ACUITY, they’ve getting dramatically change their productivity. Is that I think is really picked up in terms of the level of interest and specifically in big pharma. 
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital: I think you mentioned stimulus is not a big contributed. Specifically you guys were giving some targets for Synapt G-2, did you hit those targets in the quarter even without stimulus?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, G-2, we are very satisfied with our G-2 Synapt results. We are hopeful that stimulus money can still add to that results but frankly in the US we are still waiting.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie Capital: I guess the layers of questions here are trying to understand, going back to, you've only finished one quarter. Obviously, you don't have a lot of visibility in your business historically. You're now guiding to much better, getting closer to historical growth rates. So just trying to kind of find those pressure points or maybe if things don't go I think you mentioned some of the things that could go better. But maybe some of the things that might not go according to plan anything else we should be thinking about in terms of that potential negative throughout the rest of the year?
Douglas Berthiaume: No it doesn’t look covered most of them. And I wanted to be cautious of the number of people in the queue. So maybe we can move on to the next question.
Operator: Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Could you just comment, I know you talked a little bit about early interest in H-Class from some of your ACUITY customers? Can you comment specifically on how much of the interest is coming from ACUITY users versus some of the lower volume Alliance users at this point?
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay little bit I’ll give a flavor to that. If you think about ACUITY we think about this in the context of accounts. As we look at the number of ACUITYs sold over the last five years and so we’ve had very broad-based penetration, it is almost impossible to find large accounts it doesn't sound multiple traditional ACUITY UPLC systems. So what you're dealing with is the ACUITYs purchase has been purchased by early adopters, development people and some method development and even QC departments. So what we’re really looking at is its while we are selling H-Class to the people who have very little exposure to UPLC at all its probably less than a quarter of the sales, so both of the sales are really the early adopters testing it, verifying it, setting up an understanding with the technology coming to us and say here are the areas within our corporation that we want to utilize this technology. But here the attributes I think is different from that than for us this is the new purchase traditionally those design to us early adaptors get a very broad versatility, full capability research type view of the product, here is what's required of people in methods development, quality control, while routine applications what typical HPLCs user would look to attributes that, emulate more of our Alliance products than the full research grade. So I’d say that the bulk of our focus of interest is to progress the technology downstream in the already dominant position we have across large and for that matter is intermediate by companies throughout the technology laboratory world out there.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. Can you comment on how you look at the pull-through opportunity for mass spectrometers with H-Class?
Art Caputo: The predominant mass spectrometry sale is still oriented towards our traditional UPLC system. Primary reasons for that is the technical attributes of the product lend itself very well for the extremely high speed that mass spectrometry operates within, extremely fit, change level of volumes and well H-Class will work nicely with a mass spectrometer for many applications. Most mass spectrometers are really looking at the attributes that are full research grades, super high performance UPLC system that has great levels of versatility. But when we think that we shift overtime as you may go downstream and Mass Spectrometry gets more prolific in the more routine applications, but for the time being, we are finding that nanoACQUITY the traditional ACQUITY has the bulk of those sales clearly with the original ACQUITY systems.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Maybe one for Doug. I know you don't like to talk about product cycles ahead of time, but you did lay the bait for ASMS, and I think the quote was significant product cycles. Is there any kind of color you can give us in terms of whether this is a high-end system targeting the academic markets or something more for pharma? Or, can you just kind of point us directionally in terms of where you're going?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think the best I can do for you Tycho is the same, look broadly I mean I think you will be seeing very interested in things at that kind of augment the high end G-2 Synapt kind of thing. You would be looking at multi purpose capabilities and I think you will also see as how work closes into the midline and on the bench drop, so still a little bit early we're several weeks away from ASMS but I think its, watch this space for further notice 
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: And then last one for John can you just quantify how much the margin this quarter was currency versus cost reductions? I know you talked a little bit about how you're thinking over for the rest of the year.
John Ornell: Yes, on a year-over-year basis there was about 200 basis point decline associated with the currency and there was about a 60 basis point improvement associated with the cost reductions and mix that offset that.
Operator: Jeff Ares with Leerink Swann & Company.
Jeff Ares - Leerink Swann & Company: I know you gave a little bit of color on India being a little better in the generic pharma, and as well as last year I remember it was pretty weak in Q1 and through the first half of the year. How much of the improvement in India was more of a function of year-over-year comps and the rupee doing a little better versus actual demand?
Douglas Berthiaume:  Well, it’s certainly a better demand compared to last year. I think India at this point is about flat in the first quarter 2010 with 2008. Gives you an idea, it’s not huge growth over 2008 substantial growth over 2009 but I think a very clear indication that things around the mend there in that generic industry is kind of coming back to at least equilibrium if not prepared to grow very strong. You know they went a year essentially without preparing the growth for all these drugs that are coming off pattern. So, we are optimistic that there is a stronger growth ahead. 
Jeff Ares - Leerink Swann & Company: So looking at this 5% to 7% organic growth guidance, how much improvement in India do you have baked in there outside of just easier comps?
Douglas Berthiaume:
 : We wont go into that but I would be willing to say that we anticipate that the India business is kind of on the trajectory that it is on now for the rest of this year.
Jeff Ares - Leerink Swann & Company: Switching gears a little bit, you made some comments about stimulus. Now you are taking a more conservative approach. Are you still looking for $20 million to $30 million, I think was the number you gave for this year, or has that changed?
Douglas Berthiaume: We are more conscious about our outlook for stimulus business this year and this outlook. We are probably looking at more like half of that level than that level.
John Ornell: But as we look here at the demands for the high end instrumentation whether it comes through government supports stimulus dollars or not we are pretty confident that high end aspects are going to do well.
Douglas Berthiaume: And being more conscious about the length of the queue I would like to try to get as many questions as we can so we could move ahead and we get near the end point of the session. So can we have the next question?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Rob Hawkins with Stifel Nicolaus.
Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus: I'll keep it to one question, but probably the one you don't like to answer. It's capital allocation. You picked up your purchasing, your share purchases in the quarter, and you if you’re on track for $400 million in free cash flow. You've got an optimistic outlook. I know you guys are being cautious. Now what do you think about where you spend the cash?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well kind of what we said we would like to continue to focus acquisition policy and swallow it up in acquisitions and we will use excess cash to continue stock repurchase program, I don’t think it is any more complicated than that. 
Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus: May be just one asset, you said you are making some investments and people in some of these things you know I know its not typically releasing about capital allocation, any specifics there?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, all the investments we’re making are within the cash flow expectations and the operating budget as John described.
John Ornell: Maybe we call them investments only from the perspective of kind of last year we had a very belt tightened situation where people who have left work replaced and you know so we are coming off of a base that is a little bit depressed so that we are beginning to add some of those headcounts back, but those are in the operational expectations with the business and the free cash flow estimate.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think that’s important just for them to check here last year. Even in very difficult top line conditions we grew our earnings per share and we did that by being ultra cautious on our spending controls. Bonuses were not present last year pay increases were few and far between travel money and we controlled hard on that and knew as things came back we are running out to replace a lot of that and we have got a structural comparison there the same way we have got an easier comparison on the top line which clearly got a more difficult comparison as you have to provide the sales commissions for bonus payments and for things like that I mean that’s like that business but it’s a reality of why John emphasis that it’s highly unlikely it was on to be able to see that same ability to leverage our operating expense, expanding this year. Think we can come to it in more normal year, but this year it’s going to be tough.
Operator: Steve Unger with Lazard Capital Markets. 
Steve Unger - Lazard Capital Markets: John, what was the asset impairment in the quarter? And this is the second straight quarter now of some restructuring charges, is that now complete?
John Ornell: There is probably a little bit of a trickle into the second quarter at some of this restructuring that has to do with how we have to account for some of the restructuring that is taking place within Europe but I think Q2 you’ll see the of that and the asset impairment is related to the consolidation of facilities that our project is beginning in the UK where we want through a fixed asset inventory and found some assets that were no longer of value. So that should be a one-time event principally. You may see other tiny bits going forward, but it's a rather modest amount and related to the consolidation of facilities we saw in the UK.
Operator: Derik De Bruin with UBS.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Hi good morning, John make sure I’ve heard right, so you’re looking for a 75 basis point increase in the grossed margin year-over-year for this year?
John Ornell: That's right
Derik De Bruin - UBS: So I guess when we think about how much more juice there is (Inaudible) about this. I'm trying to figure out how much of that 75 is FX-based. And I guess when you look at this on a currency-neutral basis and you start thinking about where the gross margin can go in 2011 and such, how much more room is there for expansion in that?
John Ornell: I guess I'll go back to the kind of traditional budget model that we have where if you hold currency constant it’s kind of tough to predict where that’s going. Generally we’re able to provide maybe 10 or 20 basis points of gross margin improvement out of the business just based on the incremental volume of instrumentation that we shipped more than getting a true price. I don't think that model has changed going forward I would also point out to you that some of the product transfers that are currently in place are only going to have a partial year benefit this year, so I would say we can be a little optimistic that we’re not at the end of the road in gross margin improvement and if you’re likely to see the continuation of those we talked about next year later this year.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: I seem to be underestimating the gross margin. I think last year it was a 150-basis-point swing coming out of Q1 from where you were till you had guidance, and other times a little bit more than that.  So I'm just wondering if it's, I seem to be underestimating or overestimating the currency impact in that so I am just trying to get the growth there. So that's good. I'll just leave it at that; I'll catch you guys offline.
John Ornell: Operator I think we can have one more question before we close the call.
Operator: Thank you Jon Wood with Jefferies. 
Jon Wood - Jefferies: John, can you just quantify what the broadly defined pharma account based in terms of organic revenues in the quarter and then major pharma within that and then just provide your expectations for that account base for 2010?
John Ornell: I would say it’s about, it grew about with the corporate average of somewhere around 6% large pharma was the top 15 accounts what we defined were actually down in the quarter and the remainder of the accounts all of the biotechs and the generics CRO they were up high single digit. So the large final was a significant anchor to the results in the first quarter when we are at this stage convinced that we are going to see better performance out of those accounts as we make our way through the year
Douglas Berthiaume: 
. :
Operator:  Thank you. Thank you for your participation. Today’s call has concluded. Please disconnect at this time. 
Douglas Berthiaume:  Thank you all. And I will see you next quarter.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Berthiaume – Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer John Ornell – Chief Financial Officer Arthur Caputo – President of Waters Division Gene Cassis – Vice President Investor Relations
Analysts: Ross Mukin – Deutsche Bank Quintin Lai – Robert W. Baird Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus Isaac Ro – Leerink Swann Jennifer Lu for Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley Derik deBruin – UBS Doug Schenkel – Cowan & Company Patrick for Peter Larson – Thomas Weisel Partners Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital
Operator: Welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter 2009 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to introduce your host for today’s call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation.
Douglas Berthiaume: Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter and full year financial results conference call. With me on today’s call is John Ornell, Waters Chief Financial Officer, Art Caputo, President of the Waters Division and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice I will start with an overview of the business highlights. John will follow with the details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the first quarter and the full year 2010. Before we get going, I’d like John to cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, at this time for Q1 and full year 2010. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially.  For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 part one under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update prediction regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2010.  During this call we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations we may refer to pro forma results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income per Diluted Share included in this morning’s press release.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you John. Well, for Waters 2009 I think as you all realize was a very challenging year. The year of course started with a high degree of uncertainty in the midst of a global financial crisis, severe recessionary conditions. It was around the mid point of 2009 the uncertainties for our markets began to abate a little bit and a more stable but significantly weaker demand pattern emerged. During the second half of the year demand appeared to remain fairly stable with some indications that certain segments of our end markets were potentially seeing a modest level of recovery. These second half dynamics continued through the fourth quarter and we find ourselves entering 2010 somewhat optimistic that our end markets will improve, but continuing to feel that the recovery may be slow. Fortunately we were able to see storm clouds building in late 2008 and we adequately anticipated end market weakness as we designed our 2009 business plans.  Early in 2009 steps were taken to tightly control spending while continuing to support critical growth programs including new product introductions. Now, with the year behind us we can appreciate the results of our business strategy as we were able to grow our earnings, generate strong free cash flow and introduce exciting new products in this most difficult demand environment. If you look at the fourth quarter, our sales and earnings came in roughly as we had expected with currency neutral revenues just under flat and our earnings per share up 5%. Geographically, our revenues were largely in line with our expectations. Moving down the P&L our profitability remains strong due to favorable currency translation, disciplined pricing and continued tight expense control. On the product side, we began shipping Synapse G2 mass spectrometry system in the fourth quarter. As you will recall, this new technology system was showcased at the ASMS conference earlier in 2009 and was quickly well received by the scientific community as offering novel capabilities for a wide array of applications. In fact, the order ramp for Synapse 2 during the second half of 2009 was stronger than for any previously introduced high end mass spec instrument from Waters, even without significant governmental stimulus orders in the U.S., a topic I’ll come back to a little later. On the chromatography side, Acuity UPLC continued to displace HPLC system sales and now represents our most popular chromatography platform. In our view, recent competitive introductions in the UPLC product space corroborate the technology and will help accelerate the conversion of the overall LC market to proven sub two micron particle chromatography as pioneered by Waters. Looking at customer segments in the fourth quarter, we saw a continuation of the trends from earlier in the year. The weakest segment was the chemical industry, a business that’s about 15% of our overall sales. The declines that we saw in this segment were less severe as we anniversaried the onset of the weakness that began in the fourth quarter of 2008. Our TA instruments division has a large exposure to this industrial segment as many of their customers are involved with production of materials that find their way into automobiles and other consumer goods. Within our TA division we saw a more moderate decline in the sales for the quarter and order flow dynamics suggest that the demand was strengthening in the quarter. These data suggest that we likely saw the low point of demand from industrial chemical customers in mid 2009 and that a modest recovery has started to materialize during the past few months. Demand from our pharmaceutical customers modestly improved in the fourth quarter. Factors contributing to increased demand include a rebound in sales in India and small improvements in demand from CRO and generic firms. Sales to our larger pharmaceutical accounts declined modestly in the quarter. Acuity and IN mass spectrometry continue to account for the growth in pharmaceutical demand but we have yet to see the onset of a return to historical rates of instrument replacement. Waters sales growth in applied markets including food and environmental testing were affected by the significant business we transacted late in 2008 associated with Melamine testing primarily in Asia and Asian countries. Factoring out the effects of these sales, the applied markets represent a growing business for Waters. Our sales to government and university labs were flat with last year. However, this result does not fully reflect the demand we saw in the quarter as we built an order backlog for multiple synapses two systems. Interestingly, our orders and sales in the quarter did not include meaningful activity from U.S. governmental stimulus money. From our perspective, the funding of these programs has been delayed and will likely influence our business by mid 2010. We remain optimistic that the strength of our research product offering such as our Synapse G2 and Divo Platforms will afford us a fair share of stimulus related spending. I’d now like to focus on new product initiatives that will impact our business in 2010 and beyond. Earlier this year I discussed with you our new mass spectrometers including the Divo Series of bench top instruments and our exciting Synapse Q2 HDMS and MS systems. Through 2009 orders and sales for these systems have ramped very nicely and we have entered 2010 with considerable business momentum. Installations of Q2 systems in the fourth quarter proceeded smoothly and we look forward to presentations at this year’s AMSM conference in Utah that will highlight the performance and advantages of G2 technology for a wide range of applications. 2010 and should be an exciting year for Waters and mass spectrometry. As some industry participants work their way through new management structures, and sort out new strategies, we plan to execute our established product and market plans. Our focus will be on continuous innovation and in 2010 we plan to introduce new mass spectrometry systems that will push the performance envelope while broadening the attractiveness of MS technology to a wider base of customers. On the chromatography front, I’ve spoken to you about the dramatic impact of Acuity UPLC on numerous occasions and earlier this morning, I mentioned that UPLC now accounts for most of our chromatography shipments. Since introduction in 2004, Acuity has allowed hundreds of organization around the globe to realize improved data quality, increased sample throughput and reduced costs per analysis. With all the proven benefits of Acuity UPLC, many have been quick to embrace UPLC technology. However, many more have been attracted by the promise of UPLC but remain reluctant to change largely because of their comfort level with existing HPLC systems and techniques. In our industry there is no substitute for working with thousands of UPLC customers to gain insights for product improvements and the ideas for next generation systems and it’s in that light that I want to tell you about our new Acuity UPLC H Class system that we’ve just introduced this week. Working closely with our customers, we saw the need to provide a bridge to UPLC performance that builds upon the wide spread knowledge and comfort laboratories have with HPLC operation. We feel that Acuity UPLC H Class is this bridge and it has been designed to fulfill the needs of mainstream customers, especially those working in method development and routine analysis laboratories. It does this by combining UPLC performance with the operational familiarity of traditional HPLC, a combination of high performance and simplicity that we believe will facilitate adoption by a broader range of industries, applications and operators, all of whom will realize the scientific and work flow benefits of UPLC. I encourage you to visit our website for a detailed description of our new Acuity UPLC H Class as well descriptions of our complete family of application Acuity Systems. Before turning you over to John for a more detailed review of our financials, I want to share some thoughts about 2010 and reiterate some of our key business strategies. Looking at the competitive landscape of the strength of our product portfolio in 2010, I believe that we’ve never been in a stronger product position. Our strategy of focusing on our technological strengths and staying close to our customer base has allowed us to protect and growth our market share and deliver superior financial results even in these difficult economic times. 2009 was one of those difficult times and yet we were able to grow our earnings per share and introduce exciting new products. I believe that 2010 will be a better year for Waters than 2009. Most signs suggest that the worst of the recession, in our markets at least, is behind us and that demand for our products should increase. However, we feel that there is ample reason to manage our business cautiously as we are not expecting a dramatic change in economic conditions and do expect that there may be some lumpiness to the recovery. Accordingly, we will continue to manage our expenses closely while we follow a proven plan for the deployment of capital.  In 2010 we will continue on the path of globalizing our manufacturing operations that further balances our production capacity with global demand patterns for our products. This strategy provides us with high quality, cost effective manufacturing in tax favored jurisdictions. Lastly, we anticipate continuing to look for acquisition opportunities that are consistent with our history on this front; smaller technologically focused targets with growth and profitability profiles that are in line with our current business. We expect that 2010 will be another year of free cash flow, providing us the resources to continue our multi year share repurchase program.  With that, I’d like to turn it over to John for a closer look at our financials.
John Ornell: Thank you Doug. Good morning. Fourth quarter sales increased by 3% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.12 this quarter compared to earnings of $1.07 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.08 this quarter compared to $1.01 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Looking at our Q4 sales results, sales were up 3% this quarter with currency translation providing four points of growth. Without the benefit of currency translation, sales were down 1% versus prior year. Acquired businesses added about two points of growth this quarter. Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales in the U.S. and Japan were up 1% and 7% respectively. In Europe sales declined by 5% and in Asia, sales were down 3% against a strong base of comparison which included shipments related to Melamine testing requirements in 2008. Turning to the product front within the Waters Division, instrument system sales were flat and recurring revenues due to fewer selling days this quarter declined by 1%. Within our TA Instruments Division, sales declined by 7% versus prior year. Now I would like to comment on our non-GAAP financial performance. Gross margin came in at 60.3% this quarter which is up 140 basis points from Q4 last year. Gross margins benefited from favorable product mix, product cost reductions and foreign currency translation. SG&A expenses increased 6% this quarter compared to prior year and R&D expenses increased by 1%.  Our full year operating effective tax rate came in at 18.4%, down modestly from Q3 as a result of a shift of income into lower tax rate jurisdictions. As a result, Q4’s pre tax income was effective at 17.1%. On the balance sheet, cash and short term investments totaled $630 million and debt totaled $632 million bringing us to a net debt position of $2 million. On the stock buy back front, we continue to purchase our shares in the open market and during the fourth quarter we purchased 907,000 shares of our common stock for $54 million. For the full year, we purchased 4.5 million shares of common stock for $210 million. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any non cash tax benefit from FAS123 accounting and excluding unusual non recurring items.  Q4 free cash flow was $112 million after funding $13 million of CapEx adding back $5 million of FAS123R benefits. For the full year, free cash flow was $341 million after funding $94 million of CapEx and adding back $5 million of FAS123R benefits and excluding $12 million of payments associated with a litigation provision and lease settlement. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 67 days this quarter, up three days from Q4 last year and inventories were up about $5 million from year end last year, largely due to currency translation. Looking at 2010, we currently expect economic conditions to marginally improve as we move through the year. Geographically we expect that Asia will continue to see overall favorable business conditions and provide solid growth in 2010. In the U.S., Europe and Japan we expect to see gradual improvements across the area as these geographies begin to lift out of recession and grow modestly in 2010. Product wise we feel we have a strong line up across our technology platforms and are well positioned in our end markets as we begin the year. From a customer segment perspective, we expect 2010 to see sluggish performance from our industrial base customers, mid single digit growth from our broadly defined pharmaceutical customers and near double digit growth from our government and academic customers heavily affected by stimulus spending. Overall this should provide for mid single digit growth before currency effects. Currency at today’s levels should add about a point to sales growth in 2010. Currency comparisons to sales growth for the quarter we base the comparison will start off more favorable early in the year and become more difficult as the year progresses. Now I would like to comment on our expectations for non-GAAP financial performance in 2010. Gross margins were heavily affected by foreign currency translation in 2009 which will provide a difficult base of comparison this year. We currently expect margins to start off the year at around 59% and end the year over 60%. These more difficult currency comparisons will provide slower than average EPS growth in the first half of the year. On the expense front, our efforts to control costs during 2009 again creates a difficult comparison and while we will continue to be cautious on spending, we currently expect that SG&A and R&D will grow at about the same rate as sales as we make modest investments to support growth in our businesses, specifically in our Asian geographies. On the tax front, during 2010 we anticipate upward pressure on the tax rate from continued success of our high end mass spec products manufactured in the U.K. and downward pressure from the transfer of additional production to Singapore. At this time, these effects look to principally offset each other and we expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate to remain at around 18.5%. A continuation of our buy back efforts should provide for a full year of fully diluted share count of around 93.5 million shares. Interest costs are expected to rise somewhat this year and we expect to have about $12 million of net interest expense in 2010. Non-GAAP EPS for the full year 2010 are currently expected to be between $3.70 and $3.85 per fully diluted share.  Free cash flow is expected to remain strong and should approach $400 million in 2010.  For Q1, we expect mid single digit sales growth for currency translation effects and currency translation at today’s levels would add about three points of growth. Gross margin as a percentage of sales will have the most difficult comparison in Q1 and is expected to be around 59% this quarter. Expenses are expected to grow a bit less than sales for the quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be in the range of $0.75 to $0.79 per fully diluted share.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think at this point, we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ross Mukin – Deutsche Bank.
Ross Mukin – Deutsche Bank: I just want to get a quick financial question out of the way. John, what was the day’s impact in the quarter particularly on the consumables business and how many days did you lose year on year?
John Ornell: There was a few days difference. As you might recall at the start of the year we had an extra three days in the first quarter and that principally turned around in the fourth. It’s probably three or four points of consumable service, mostly consumable growth that was impacted, one to two points of growth overall down in the fourth quarter which we picked up in the first.
Ross Mukin – Deutsche Bank: From a more macro perspective, you talked about the idea that you’re not looking for a substantial recovery from any of the industrial players or any sort of meaningful kick in particularly on the chemical side. We’ve seen chemical company results improve fairly significantly. Today we had one of the big players putting up some pretty decent results. In terms of the conversations you’re having with these organizations broadly whether it’s within TA or within the Waters business, is there any sign of hope there or is there just a belief that they’ve built out so much capacity the last few years there’s not really a need for instrumentation?
Douglas Berthiaume: First of all I think you’re right. As we’ve said, I think we saw the lowest point in these industrial companies in the mid point of the year and it’s been marginally better since then. We also have the fact that the first half of last year was so weak that we think the first half of the coming year is going to better simply because of that base dynamic. I also read the DuPont news morning. They seem to have clearly turned the corner there. That’s a good sign. TA also saw some underlying improvement in terms of the attitudes of their major customers, their quote rates and in fact, their business rates, so that is a pretty good barometer of the industrial marketplace and they’re feeling cautiously optimistic that that’s continuing as we move into the new year. So I think there are some good signs. We also see counter signs that they’re very tight with their capital spending. I still think we’re going to see a lot of these big companies in both industrial arena and pharmaceutical arena be slow to open the purse strings in the new year and they’re probably going to wait as it’s become somewhat traditional a little on in the year before they see any major capital releases.
Ross Mukin – Deutsche Bank: As you look back historically, what’s been the sign to say that okay, it’s safe to get back in the water in terms of some of those industrial players from a CapEx perspective and was it two consecutive quarters of GDP growth? Is it six months post the original inflection point in GDP? How should we think about what we need to see from an economic data point perspective and from a top in perspective from some of those players when they actually start to spend?
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say its six months data on GDP growth. The auto industry is such a big player in the basic chemical production in a lot of these companies and what’s going on in auto clearly went so low and now is coming back. But what the total dynamic is with these large chemical producers is hard to call and overlay into a normal recession. So I think the worst of that is clearly behind us but whether the six months rule will hold or it could be a little faster, it could be a little slower.
Operator: Your next question comes from Quintin Lai – Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai – Robert W. Baird: With respect to the H class, could you talk a little bit about the timing of the release now instead of waiting and your expectations in 2010? How much expectations of adoption have you built in and how much of the cost going out and promoting this have you also baked into your SG&A?
Douglas Berthiaume: We’ve baked in all of the cost of promotion and the cost of training. Some of that actually happened in the fourth quarter as you would expect because in order to introduce it now, we had to have fulfillment literature and training etc. all in place to be able to launch this. You can clearly hear our excitement over this new system and we do think it is a very important, exciting launch. On the other hand, I also have to tell you, we’re being fairly cautious in terms of the net overall impact on our business. So there’s clearly a little bit of a dichotomy there because we have to look at cannibalization. We have to look at the speed of the uptick and so I suppose it’s fair to say we talk a little bit out of both sides of our mouth here. But trust me that we really think this is an important introduction and an important system for us. Typically, the way companies and Waters business mode in some years past is that you’re really struggling to get a new product to pick on and a typical launch pattern is, you’ve got the product, you’re confident about being able to ship it sometime at the end of the first quarter, you launch it, but you’re still struggling to build inventory and to get the product out there, so you don’t have a very strange order pattern that you can’t fulfill at the end of a quarter. But that’s always a struggle and trust me, over 30 years in this industry, we’ve talked about it enough and talked to competitors enough to say that’s a pretty typical pattern. What we do with the H Class is the total fulfillment is done. The training is done. Inventories are now ready to ship and we’ve actually begun to take real orders for the H Class. This is very unusual for a launch of this magnitude so that’s why we launched it when we did. It was ready. We’re ready to ship it by the end of the first quarter. We’re not going to be in a position to have a large build backlog. Art’s chastising me in the background here when I said by the end of the quarter. Orders taken now will ship in 30 days. That’s our quote pattern. So we’re very comfortable with it. This launch pattern has been as smooth and as on time as I’ve ever seen in my history here. So we have high expectations. You don’t necessarily see that because of this whole level of confusion in the economic pattern and some of our customers, so if we’re right, I think long term this is going to stimulate our growth rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan.
Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan: A question about pharma; in your comments you talked about mid single digit growth from pharma for this year and in this quarter it looks like large pharma was down a little bit more modestly, so can you talk as to how you’re thinking about pharma and what’s behind that mid single digit growth expectation for this year?
Douglas Berthiaume: We’re expecting it will improve over the fourth quarter. We clearly saw some weakness in the large pharma’s going through mergers. That was probably a little bit more pain than we had originally expected and so we’re anticipating that will improve a little bit in 2010. Early indications are that that will be the case, but it’s still a forecast at this point. Was there a second part to your question?
Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan: Can you talk a little bit about consumable growth for 2010 and how you’re thinking about that both with Acuity and if you could comment on what consumable pull through will be like on the new UPLC system.
Douglas Berthiaume: I’m sorry, could you repeat that?
Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan: You’re outlook for consumable growth for 2010 and any color you can add on consumable pull through on the new UPLC system.
Douglas Berthiaume: The consumables outlook is mid single digit growth. It should be a more, we shouldn’t have the calendar irregularities in 2010 that we had, although we still have the fact that we had the first quarter of last year with the outsize number of selling days, but the calendar itself in 2010 is pretty consistent. So right now we’ve got a very strong launch pattern in new chemistries, particularly in the new Acuity product line that we’re very enthusiastic about and we think that should deliver that mid single digit growth rate. In terms of the new system, the great advantage of the H Class is that it allows customers to adopt UPLC at their own pace and allows them to run the traditional system, methods the way they wanted to at the same time being able to lead them on to the greener pastures of UPLC capabilities. To the extent that they adopt UPLC, we’re highly confident that they will be buying our UPLC chemistries. To the extent that they run HPLC methods, on of the advantages of this is that they can run their existing chemistries. So if they’re on Waters chemistries, they’re likely to continue to run that. Probably in the early phase of this, it probably doesn’t dramatically change market share dynamics in the consumables business. In the later stages as we think this movement to UPLC it should improve the growth rate even further in UPLC chemistries.
Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan: Going back to the original question on pharma spending, is more the growth you’re going to see in pharma from standardization with Acuity across QAQC and application areas?
Douglas Berthiaume: Don’t forget that pharma spend, when we talk about pharma, we’re talking about the all in pharmaceutical industry including India, including generics, including CFRO’s. We saw an improvement in the India generic marketplace in the fourth quarter. We’re pretty confident about seeing a consistent sustainable return to the strong business in India as we go forward. We’re also seeing generally a stronger condition in generics and in the CRO marketplace. So those are probably more significant to us in terms of maintaining growth in pharma than the large pharma dynamic. Don’t forget that for years now we’ve been seeing reduced business in the large pharmaceutical that kind of moved into the generic and the specialty pharmaceutical segment of the market.
Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan: On your spending guidance, SG&A and R&D growing at kind of the same rate as sales; can you talk about your ability to adjust that as needed throughout the course of the year. Do you feel like that’s kind of an active approach that you’ll be taking, or how do we think about that?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think we’ll have to continually monitor it. We act like a lot of companies. Out of the chute, we’re reluctant to commit to too much head count addition until we see how 2010, is it really going to shape up the way our plans have it. So I think we’ve got some flexibility early on. I think one of the hurdles we face as a lot of companies do I think is that we reacted so quickly and took significant steps to sustain our profitability in 2009 that it was unlikely that you continue all of those steps as you move forward into 2010. The dynamic of that is, you have to make up some ground in terms of salaries, merit increases, commissions, that you took out in 2009. So structurally you’ve got more of a hurdle as you go into the new year than you did last year. We think we’ve accommodated that. We think we can manage our way through it, but it does make it structurally more difficult than we saw early on last year.
Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan: On the Synapse backlog, can you comment on how that impacted margins if at all?
John Ornell: We talked about the synapse in the fourth quarter being somewhere between $10 million and $15 million of shipments. It was in fact in that range. In spite of that we did fill backlog within the quarter for that particular product and it was a little bit accretive to margins but not that meaningful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus.
Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus: On the new Acuity H Class, this is really a modification of an existing platform. Is that being built in the U.S. or is that something you can now with this type of launch fast track that to Singapore?
John Ornell: Are you asking about where it’s manufactured?
Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, it’s modifications. I understand it’s a modification of the existing Acuity platform, I guess kind of streamlined and before you’ve had the best practice of engineering, building here, refining the product and then moving it abroad. But this type of modification for some of these more mainstream customers, does it give you the ability to start to process over in Singapore where it’s a little bit more cost effective.
Douglas Berthiaume: Actually the H Class with our experience now in moving product, new designs, the exciting thing about the H Class and what enables us to position it in the marketplace at its value point is that it will very quickly for all intents and purposes, it will be manufactured in Singapore out of the chute. So that was exactly our strategy and that experience that we’ve had with Acuity alliances and the historical ramp ups that enabled us to do that.
Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus: Can you remind us what type of product line, what products are being made over in Singapore and how that’s benefiting gross margin? Is that something you can disclose?
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d tell you that principally all of our HPLC products are manufactured over in Singapore. A lot of the detectors even for the Acuity product line are manufactured over in Singapore, so it’s better than half of our production there and the movement of this new technology will certainly tilt the scale significantly towards the majority of the LC production being done in Singapore.
Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus: You also mentioned further globalization. Do you think that will be Greenfield production facilities or do you think this is going to be through acquiring adjacent platforms?
Douglas Berthiaume: The globalization we talked about in terms of manufacturing, we have no plans to open up new manufacturing sites. Our expansion will be within the existing platforms that we have principally in Singapore and Ireland. As you know, our R&D in the initial runs get done in either Milford or Manchester or Delaware, and then typically get pushed out into Ireland or Singapore.
Operator: Your next question comes from Isaac Ro – Leerink Swann.
Isaac Ro – Leerink Swann: I was wondering if you could comment on the [Triasiac] and where we stand on that platform.
Arthur Caputo: We introduced the product not last’s ASMS be the ASMS before hand. To be honest we did in fact run into some technical difficulties with the chemistry platform. Progress has actually been quite excellent in the last quarter and we fully anticipate to begin delivering product and actually exceeding the claims on the product by ASMS this year. 
Isaac Ro – Leerink Swann: In terms of the H Class, in terms of how it manufactures into the pricing environment for the existing QE and broader HPLC market, how should we think where it’s positioned versus those pre existing products?
Douglas Berthiaume: The H Class, if you think about three ranges of product, you have an HPLC at one end of the price spectrum. You have the current Acuity that we’ve had in the marketplace at the other. Think of this as being between 25% and a third higher than an HPLC in terms of its relative price position in the marketplace.
Isaac Ro – Leerink Swann:  Sort of a big picture question, I think there was an initial body language out of Washington this morning around State of the Union and how we might see a freeze in discretionary spending items going forward. Clearly the stimulus benefit right now helps but maybe looking past that, do you have opinions on what the government funding outlook might look like in that kind of environment and specifically what you think your contacts hope that it might continue to power upwards even in a flat budget environment?
Douglas Berthiaume: Typically the growth in the NIH budget or flatness in the NIH budget is very hard to see the impact on our underlying business. It obviously exists. It gets dispersed in terms of NIH grants so in the long run it’s always better for us to have the NIH budgets going up. But the kind of environment that’s described, of course we both know that it’s easy to proclaim a price or a budget freeze. Whether it actually happens or not remains to be seen. But assuming that it does, I think it won’t be very noticeable in our operations, certainly not in the first half or the first three quarters of this year. But it’s rank speculation to think what they actually will do to this budget and when it will occur.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Lu for Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley.
Jennifer Lu for Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: My question is on gross margin. I was hoping you could just walk us through the drivers of your gross margin guidance and what takes it progressively higher through the year?
John Ornell: If you look at 2010 versus ’09, it’s down modestly overall for the full year principally associated with a less favorable foreign currency environment. The 59% starting point in the first quarter is a portion of the starting point is the fact that we have much lower volumes going through the first quarter than the fourth so you traditionally see this business start off with a somewhat lower gross margin and with a much higher gross margin in the fourth quarter. So the significant delta year over year is all currency and as we ramp the products that we’ve talked about introducing first here, but ultimately in Singapore, we’ll get more of a gross margin pick up as the year goes on and then in the fourth quarter with the volume lift that we expect to get with the budget flushes that exist at the end of the year pushes the margins well over 60%. So the absolute difference year over year is the foreign currency dynamic and then it’s mostly a volume and a new product cost reduction type play as we make our way across the quarters.
Douglas Berthiaume: Just remember as John talked about the foreign currency dynamic, the principal reason for the foreign currency effect was the very weak British Pound in the first part of last year and since we do a significant amount of manufacturing in Pounds that lowered the cost of our U.K. manufacturing and improved margins. The British Pound has strengthened since that point although it does bounce around a little bit. Where it is right now in terms of Pound costs higher than it was in the first quarter of last year so that’s why this foreign exchange affect early impact.
John Ornell: Overall, we’re actually pretty pleased about how we manufacture in local currencies as well as make sales in local currencies. It kind of balances our overall foreign currency exposures, but in that one margin line issue, it does swing from year to year.
Jennifer Lu for Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: I was wondering about service margins relative to last year. To what extent is this discretionary spend in terms of building out your infrastructure there?
Douglas Berthiaume: There’s no doubt we’ll be adding at some level service head counts as service grows in 2010. Some of those heads are going to be internationally based, not quite as expensive perhaps as here in the U.S., so there will probably be a slight decline in those service margins, but you’re not going to see a precipitous drop as we make marginal investments there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derik deBruin – UBS.
Derik deBruin – UBS: I want to talk a little bit about column utilization and basically you said UPLC instruments have basically outpaced placement of HPLC’s. What is going on in the consumable dynamics? I guess I’m just trying to figure out just in the fact that you have longer pull through on both platforms right now and particularly how do you look at the dynamic given that the column of longer life in the HPLC, I’m just trying to figure out what the, and how the H Class figures into this whole method of looking at your consumable stream.
Douglas Berthiaume: Let me give it from 30,000 feet and John can jump in at any altitude that he wants. Don’t forget, consumables is a complex picture for us which is sample prep devices, traditional HLPC columns as well as Acuity. Unequivocally Acuity columns continue to grow at a very strong pace so our model here that we have more of a razor and blade model with UPLC is clearly playing out. What we’re seeing in terms of our overall consumables business in 2009 is much more related to fewer samples being run in the traditional marketplace, inventories coming down in the sample prep world particularly in places like India where they dramatically reduced inventories. We’re beginning to see some sign that’s turning around but I think 2009 was a pretty aggressive inventory management cycle. So I think Acuity consumables are playing out largely the way we modeled it and very positively but it still represents a smaller piece of our overall consumables market that our more traditional products and our sample prep products.
Derik deBruin – UBS: Along those lines, I know some of your competitors have introduced UPLC columns. I guess what that is but I would assume because you had the first Acuity columns out, do you still command the lion’s share of your consumables stream platform. What feedback have you heard from other people offering other UPLC columns? Do they perform as well on your instrument and what would make somebody choose a non Waters Acuity column?
Arthur Caputo: If you think about the introduction of lathes system, we had a couple of challenges. We’re taking HPLC which ran at 3,000 PSI up to as high as 15,000 PSI and we’re taking the columns particle size down from three microns, five microns down to sub two. So the big question in the world is how can you maintain the robustness of the system. So when we designed both the Acuity instrumentation and the column, they were designed hand in hand. The instrumentation contains capabilities that actually monitor the column and it’s what has given the Acuity columns the reputation of being equal but in even more cases, more robust than the traditional UPLC column. The column itself has electronic devices that actually connect to the Acuity system. It tells you what’s going on in the system. It tells you what’s going on at the separation. So think of this as a fully integrated system. The traditional HPLC column was a free standing device. It got connected. There was no real system based interfacing between the column and the system. The customers immediately realized this and the psychology in the marketplace right now is that there is no viable chemistry alternative at this time that gives you this whole system’s approach. And even those companies that are coming in trying to sell instrumentation, for all intents and purposes the viable approach of trying to attach an Acuity column to their system, but they lack all the documentation, the information, the element that has made this combination so powerful in the marketplace. So for the moment we’re finding very high compliance. Column utilization for Acuity run greater than 90%. The traditional HPLC for almost everybody in the marketplace, 10% to 20% of your columns are used on your system because of the long term availability of all sorts of different columns. We’ve really changed the game in this marketplace and at least for the moment, it looks like its going to get stronger before it gets weaker.
Derik deBruin – UBS: The mid single digit growth in the consumables and some low single digit growth instrumentation is probably a good way to look at the full year?
John Ornell: Instruments I think will probably be close to mid single digit growth too. Certainly with the new high end mass spec, we’re pretty excited about growth opportunities for the overall mass spec business and I think this new launch that we’ve got here too, should be able to push LC close to mid single digit growth as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Schenkel – Cowan & Company.
Doug Schenkel – Cowan & Company:  In the context of 2010 sales growth guidance, how much do you expect new instruments including G2 and the H Class to contribute? Is that going to get you a point or two or is that too high or too low?
John Ornell: I think if you look at our first mass spec I would say that the mass spec market should continue to turn around and perform better. I would think that the high end G2 is likely to move our mass spec growth a few points perhaps overall as it continues to hopefully grow near double digit as we make our way across the quarters. Certainly the early indications based on order backlog and customer interest would suggest that’s true.  On the LC side I would say that Acuity even in a poor year, 2009, grew nicely and I think this transition product that we now have that really begins to help people transition from HPLC to UPLC should expand the base against which we can grow our LC products. It’s hard to say what cannibalization will be of perhaps some of the HPLC products, but I think net net , looking at the new product driving at least some single digit growth for HPLC, for LC in total makes sense.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think it’s a lot complicated by market dynamics but if you think one to two points for the H Class and one to two points for the G2, that wouldn’t be far off of what our thinking is.
Doug Schenkel – Cowan & Company: In terms of G2 backlog, can you talk a little bit about how that differs across end markets and geography?
Douglas Berthiaume: In our major geographies, the orders were pretty balanced in terms of our overall geographies and we try to be very fair in terms of what we were shipping across those geographies. Of course you can imagine our field was screaming wanting all of it for their territories but we basically parceled it out pretty ratably across the geographies. 
Doug Schenkel – Cowan & Company: Some of your peers have asserted that the visibility on the big pharma end market would improve as the mergers start to close. Is that your view and has that started to happen yet?
Douglas Berthiaume: Visibility is such a nebulous term. We certainly saw less business from those birched entities in the fourth quarter. We had planned on some of that. It was a little big lighter than we had expected.  We don’t expect it to be quite that bad going forward, but I wouldn’t say that the visibility of their budgets and their spending pattern is significantly better than traditionally at this point of the year.
Doug Schenkel – Cowan & Company: I guess the hope would be as it typically does that it would get better over the next quarter or so?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes. I think traditionally what we’re seeing not only from merger companies is that they’re very slow to release their capital and yet their scientists are all just screaming for increased capabilities. So you’re trying to sort through the noise to get at the signal and sometimes one takes control and other times, the other. I do think there’s pent up replacement demand in a lot of these companies. We fully expect that over time we’ll see business reflect that pent up replacement demand but we didn’t see it in the fourth quarter.
Doug Schenkel – Cowan & Company: On the industrial end market, if I remember correctly in Q4 of last year the industrial weakness was actually more pronounced within the Waters division, not the TA division. I just wanted to see how that affected year over year comparability in the fourth quarter of this year and moving forward. Is it Q1 where essentially the comps get pretty favorable from the industrial end market within both divisions?
John Ornell: Yes, you’re right. We saw a little bit more of a lag with TA interestingly on that front and Q1 does become the easiest compare of the year for 2010 and as Doug said earlier, just given some of the early indications from this group of customers, we’re expecting that we’ll probably begin to see some positive momentum from that group in the first quarter as we begin 2010.
Doug Schenkel – Cowan & Company: Across both divisions?
John Ornell: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick for Peter Larson – Thomas Weisel Partners.
Patrick for Peter Larson – Thomas Weisel Partners:  I was wondering, U.S. stimulus seems to be delayed a bit. You didn’t see too much for sales materialize in 4Q. You now see the majority of the impact in mid 2010. How much slower are funds trickling in than you expected and what are customers citing as the primary reason for those delays?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think a lot of people maybe including us were hoping more than determining in terms of the stimulus spending. I think a number of these grants were affected by different administrative procedures. They had different finalization, different review committees that were set up by technologies so they had to go through separate routes in order to get approved spending. That might be why you see some elements of technology getting a little bit earlier releases than others. We’re told that particularly the mass spectrometry reviews have largely been completed and that those authorizations are in process and we should begin to see orders late in the first quarter into the second quarter.  Whether you see orders that can be fulfilled and make their way to shipment, probably that’s more second quarter weighted rather than first.
Patrick for Peter Larson – Thomas Weisel Partners: In Japan, what was the primary drover of the growth acceleration in the quarter?
John Ornell: Japan had a reasonably good mass spec quarter so some of those G2 shipments made their way to Japan.
Douglas Berthiaume: It also had a pretty weak base in the fourth quarter of last year. You’ll find that to be a fairly consistent dynamic in 2009 in certain territories, but mass spec and a weak base combined to give Japan a pretty good quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital.
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital:  If we look at Q1 as where most of the visibility is, but is there anything going on as you saw trends in Q4 that would make you think that it would be any different from historical seasonality now that it seems like economic activity is at least somewhat stabilized albeit at lower levels if you think of sequential, the seasonality between Q1 and Q4 of previous years.
John Ornell: I would say certainly starting off Q1 last year was a pretty dismal environment so from a basic comparison perspective you would certainly argue we have a relatively easy base. That being said though, as Doug pointed out earlier, it’s hard to believe that customers are going to allocate funds very early on this process to spend. But it would say a mid single digit expectation of growth given that base of comparison and given some of the early signs that we’ve seen in demand volumes would be a realistic place to begin. We do have on the one hand additionally this new product launch. We’re taking orders. We’ll be shipping on that front as well, but we need to be a little cautious and transition to that new product. So I think there are a number of factors on one side or the other that I think wait, come down to a mid single digit expectation is a realistic place to be based on the run rates we see coming out of the fourth quarter.
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital: On the acquisition front, was [inaudible] was the only acquisition related revenue, is that correct?
John Ornell: That’s right.
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital: Any update on the integration with that business? It seems like revenues were a little bit higher than they may have been thought or forecast by others?
John Ornell: I would say the integration is well under way. The volume from that acquisition was roughly on plan. It wasn’t a full two points so it wasn’t quite as strong but I would say the expectation certainly going forward in 10 is to see some meaningful growth out of that organization having spent a lot of this year getting it ready to go.
Douglas Berthiaume: We clearly are in the process of kind of Waterizing the systems offering. Still for most of this year it operated more or less as a stand alone operation. But I think we fully expect benefits on a number of fronts to come in the coming year as we integrate it more fully into the Waters organization.
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital: On the H Class I think you mention it was going to be priced around 25% higher than HPLC. Can you talk about the pricing environment on HPLC? Was there any degradation given the new products that have been launched by competitors and where that instrument is stalling out and maybe just pricing in general?
John Ornell: When I was talking about pricing of the new product, I think we meant to say that the Acuity has about a 20% premium to HPLC and the new product only has about a quarter of that premium. So it’s 5% to 7% higher, something of that ilk is the HPLC. So it’s a modest premium to go from HPLC to the new H Class, and then there’s another more significant premium to go from the H Class all the way up to the research grade product that we’re currently selling.
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital: And then generally pricing on the HPLC, has that been pretty stable or has that kind of come down a little bit?
John Ornell: It’s been very stable.
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital: If you think about there was pretty strong demand of a few years. You come off of this fairly significant recession. What’s your comment around excess instrument capacity generally on the analytical instrument front and what should we be expecting from new products in order to, you broadly talked about some new product lines throughout the year that we should be thinking about to drive that replacement that you talked about that you think there’s some pent up demand. What’s going to make people determine that they have to replace some of the instruments?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think importantly on the market front, what I believe is that it’s becoming harder and harder in the separations industry, particularly liquid chromatography from many secondary or tertiary suppliers to keep up.  It’s very hard to imagine that in the long run they can invest the money to compete across this line on both the engineering requirements to provide UPLC. More and more the data requirements, particularly the important integrated HPLC and UPLC data with mass spectrometry data, so the competitive issue I think really make it tough, and I expect that you’ll see that over the next couple of years. That’s not to say all competitors can’t do that. There are a few who clearly can. But I think it does mean that the strong get stronger, so I think that has a competitive impact in the industry. I don’t think in terms of capacity, the capacity in this industry isn’t bricks and mortar. It’s much more of a product cycle capacity than it is, and I think we are at the front end of that cycle right now. I think we’re in good shape. 
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital: You had mentioned that there was pent up demand to replace some of the instruments, presumably when they do so they need a rational for doing so, so I’m wondering from a new product standpoint what we should be thinking about for the year in terms of where and what types of new products to expect.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think the rational, if you think about big pharma and you think about their need to do more for less, they’re under a great deal of pressure on the labor front. The great advantage of UPLC is that in many of these high volume applications, you can replace two or three instruments, traditional instruments with one of ours. And now we’re going to give them the ability to make that transition much easier by starting off on a HPLC and quickly using the same instrument to ramp up to UPLC’s capabilities. So I think it’s a product that fits dramatically well with the needs of our customer base. Now to be fair, Acuity did some of that, but it wasn’t easy to make that transition in these regulated applications, particularly in QC. We think that’s what H Class does extraordinarily well and should motivate a more rapid transition in these high volume applications. I think the other thing that you’re going to see this year, certainly from us is a continuation of this continuous improvement in mass spectrometry. The G2 is not the last innovative mass spec that you’re going to see from us in the next 12 months and the technological playing field probably moves more attractively for us as we get through 2010. We’ve got a number of industry participants who are going through their own structural reassessments or merger activity on their own. I think all in makes us a more, I think the competitive environment is tilted in our favor a little bit more in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus.
Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus: Kind of building on what you said here I think it’s kind of interesting. Would the mass spec platform that you build off of, maybe into some of these other end markets, would that be more on side or is this something that you might take the prior G2 and create a more mainstream platform? What’s your expectation?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think you should expect that our high end orthogonal top we’re going to drive the G2 further and probably not see anything revolutionary on that front, but I think you should look more towards the quadruple space in 2010 to expect that we’ll have some exciting things coming forth there.
Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus: Would it be a fair assumption that the announcement you made about Taiwan and our own FDA relative to some of the quadruple buying there that we may see more of those down the road?
Douglas Berthiaume: I’m not quite sure what you’re referring to in terms of Taiwan.
Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus: They did, they bought both the LC and quite a few of the systems, for the food, the FDA’s and more government entities.
Douglas Berthiaume: We continue to think particularly in the food safety and those applied markets that they’re robust, particularly robust outside the U.S. and we’re hopeful that the conditions and the regulations build momentum inside the U.S. Of course with all the spending freeze talk and whether they’re going to pass new regulations on food safety in the U.S., that’s not a big serve market today. We’re hopeful that that becomes a bigger market going forward, but that remains to be seen. Thank you all for staying with us over a long conference call and we look forward to talking with you again at the end of the first quarter.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer John Ornell - Chief Financial Officer Arthur Caputo - President of Waters Division Gene Cassis - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird Pete Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners Mike - Deutsche Bank Sung Ji Nam - JP Morgan Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus Jon Groberg - Macquarie Brigermen [ph] - Cowen & Co Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Dan - UBS  Chris Arndt - Select Equity Group
Operator: Welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter financial results conference call. All participants will be able listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today’s call Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter financial results conference call. With me on today’s call is John Ornell, Waters’ Chief Financial Officer; Arthur Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, Waters’ Vice President of Investor Relations. As our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter’s highlights and then John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the remainder of the year, but before we get going, I’d like John to cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell:
 : For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 in part one under the caption business risk factors.  We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by provide this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled earnings release conference call and webcasts. The next earnings release call and web cast is currently planned for January 2010. During this call, we’ll be referring to certain non-GAAP financial metrics. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled reconciliation of net income per diluted share included in this morning’s press release.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Well, we are encouraged by the moderately improving demand patterns that we saw in the third quarter. I think the enthusiastic reception to our new product introductions. The sense of optimism is somewhat tempered in the recognition that our customers overall spending levels have not yet enabled us to grow our top line, as these customers continue to deal with the effects of the global recession. However, it is our view that the weakest demand for advanced scientific instruments is most likely behind us and we believe we’re poised to begin to see organic growth as we move into 2010. The Waters Division, to remind you our business that accounts for approximately 90% of our sales, shipment volume in the quarter was about flat with last year’s result. This is an improvement in comparison to the mid-single digit declines that we saw in the first half of this year. From a management segment viewpoint, the declines that we saw in the quarter for our economically sensitive industrial chemical segment, were more moderate and declined at a mid single digit rate in comparison to the double digit declines in the first half of 2009. Our third quarter sales to the biopharmaceutical customer base, were consistent with a moderate declines that we saw earlier in the year. However, this result is encouraging in light of our significant back log build for new mass spectrometry instruments. Shipments to government in academic accounts were up in the quarter, despite a similarly, strong backlogs built for high end mass spectrometry systems. Geographically, sales growth in China remains strong and declines in India were less severe than we saw in the first half of the year. In America, Europe and Japan, revenues were generally balanced and stable in light of base border comparison dynamics. Government stimulus spending in the U.S. did not significantly contribute to sales volume in the third quarter, but we think we will begin to see this governmental spending impact our fourth quarter results. Looking at product lines for the Waters Division, our recurring revenue product lines, that is the combination of our chemistry consumables and services businesses improved in the third quarter in comparison to the second quarter result and grew in constant currency at a mid single digit rate. Instrument system sales for the Waters division declined modestly in the quarter as customers continue to delay instrument replacements, and to focus their capital spending on research purchases. Sales of our mass spectrometers and clearly chromatography platform grew in the quarter and we continue to build a healthy water back log for our technologically leading Synapt G2, a high resolution MS platform that we showcase at this year’s ASMS conference. Researchers around the world are looking at our G2 Hdms system as much more than an incremental improvement to offer the technology platforms that have been introduced over the past few years. Customer feedback from scores of demonstrations of the G2, positively confirms that new levels of sample information are enabled by this new platform. They complement and expand the technological capabilities of their labs. The continued sales growth for ACQUITY UPLC Systems, even through these tough market conditions, indicates both its compelling performance advantage and an increased adoption level of UPLC Technology for regulated methods. We’re confident that our successful implementation of UPLC Technology, our large and satisfied user base and our exciting future development plans, will allow us to maintain and grow our leadership position in this expanding segment of the chromatography market. For our TA Instruments division, a combination of strong growth in the prior year’s base and continued weakness in industrial chemical account spending resulted in the double digit decline this business. However, within the TA instrument product line, demand for advance systems used to monitor biological processes is ramping up nicely. As we anniversary the on set of the recession and continue to benefit from innovative new launches from TA’s research and development team, we feel we have a possibility to see better business results as we exit 2009 and move into 2010. Earlier this year, we announced the acquisition of Thar Instruments, the world leader in supercritical fluid chromatography, a separation technology closely related to HPLC that primarily uses more environmentally friendly carbon dioxide as the mobile base. As I noted in July, customers are increasingly interested in reducing chemical waste and running their labs in more green manner. As far as SFT technology in combination with the dramatic solvent savings enable by ACQUITY UPLC have allow Waters to assume a leadership position in cost effective and environmentally friendly laboratory technologies. We continue to look for acquisitions like Thar and will stay consistent with our strategy of targeting companies that are close to us technologically profitable and with top line potential to be accretive by overall growth rate. In the third quarter, acquired business added about two points of growth to our top line performance. Looking more broadly at our financial results for the first nine months of 2009, I’m pleased by how well we have adapted to these most difficult end market conditions that we have ever experienced. Our global presence on the sales product development, manufacturing fronts has allowed us to access funded laboratory, accelerate new product launches and optimize our production costs. At the same time, we have effectively contained our expenses without compromising our level of customer support in our leading company image, factors that have contributed to our strong market position. For these results, I must thank the employees of Waters for their hard work and dedication during these very trying times. In a long run, we’re confident that our end markets will rebound and I feel that our efforts to streamline our internal processes and leverage our global structure, during this recent down cycle has strengthened Waters and will allow us to deliver superior financial results with improvements in global demands. Before I turn you over to John for look at our financials, I’d like to say a few words about our outlook. Historically, we have typically waited until our January call to discuss our next year thoughts. In general, we will follow that tradition today. However, as we are going through an unprecedented time of market turbulence, I feel strongly that the worst is behind us and that 2010 is more likely to represent a transitional year in which we experience a period of improving demand for Waters products. As we’ve been formulating our budgets for 2010, we are planning our top line will begin to grow again. Not at our historical rates, but grow nonetheless. We’re also prepared for some stops and starts as the recovery takes shape. To that end, we will start the year continuing our current pattern of conservative expense control until we’re certain that it’s somewhat smooth and sustainable business recovery is materialized. Philosophically, we will strive to grow our operating income at a faster rate than our sales growth, while we continue to drive faster earnings per share growth by deploying our strong cash flow for a continued share repurchase program. With that, I thank you for your attention and here’s John with a more detailed review of our financials and guidance for 2010.
John Ornell: Okay. Thank you, Doug and good morning. Third quarter sales declined by 3% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.81 this quarter, compared to earnings of $0.79 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $0.79 this quarter compared to $0.71 last year. Our reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Looking at our Q3 sales results, sales were down 3% this quarter, with currency translation representing 1% of this decline. Looking at our sales growth geographically, and before foreign exchange effects, sales continued to be soft in the U.S. and Europe where sales declined by 3% and 2% respectively. In Japan, sales were down 8% versus a strong base of comparison, and sales in Asia outside of Japan grew by 4% against a strong base of comparison. Turning to the product front, within the Waters Division; instrument system sales declined by 6% and recurring revenues grew by 6% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, sales declined by 17% versus prior year. Acquired businesses gathered about two points to sales growth overall Now, I would like to comment on our non-GAAP financial performance. Gross margin, came in at 59% this quarter, which is down 30 basis points from Q3 last year. Gross margins came in stronger earlier in the year, and this quarter’s slight decline is largely a foreign exchange dynamic associated with product mix. This quarter, we had fewer high end mass spec shipments, as we built a backlog of orders for our new Synapt G2 system, which we expect to ship in the fourth quarter. SG&A expenses declined 5% this quarter compared to prior year, as a result of our actions to control expenses and currency translation effects, R&D expenses declined by 3% this quarter as a result of currency translation effects on our expenses in our U.K. R&D. We currently expect our full year operating effective tax rate to be approximately 18.9%. This modest increase in our projected full year rate is the result of anticipated shifts of income into our higher tax rate jurisdictions. The impact of this change resulted in the operating effective tax rate of 19.7 in the quarter, or a $0.01 reduction in earnings per share. On the balance sheet, cash in short term investments total $578 million, and debt totaled $645 million, bringing us to a net debt position of about $67 million. On the stock buy back front, we continue to purchase our shares in the open market. During the second quarter, we purchased 930,000 of our stock for about $48 million.
 : Accounts receivable, day sales outstanding stood at 71 days this quarter, up three days from Q3 last year, primarily the result of foreign currency translation and inventories were down modestly from Q3 last year, as we continue to adjust our manufacturing plants. As we look to the fourth quarter, we currently expect economic conditions to marginally improve as we move through the end of the year and then 2010. Four, we were selling days in Q4 will likely flatten out growth of our recurring revenue business in the quarter, but an easier base of comparison and marginally improving economic conditions should provide for better instrument sales performance. At this time, we expect overall sales before currency effects to be about flat in the quarter with currency at today’s rate adding above 4% to sales growth in the quarter. We expect gross margins to remain strong and tight expense control will continue to contain SG&A growth in Q4. On the tax front, we currently expect a Q4 non-GAAP effective tax rate of 18.9%. In Q4 last year, we had a non-GAAP effective rate of 13.5%, which provides a difficult base of comparison this year. Free cash flow continues to be strong and will allow us to continue our share repurchases into the fourth quarter. We expect to exceed our original free cash flow budget of $300 million by $10 million to $15 million for 2009. For Q4 then, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings for fully diluted share to be in the range of $1.7 to $1.11 per share. For the full year, earnings for fully diluted share are then expected to be between $3.40 and $3.44. Doug.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, John. I think at this point, we can open it up for question-and-answer.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) For the first question, Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird, you may ask your question.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Hi, Good morning and congratulations on a nice quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thanks, Quintin.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: You kind of mentioned during the call a backlog of the high of end mass spec, has the G2 begun to ship now and could you touch a little bit about the backlog and your capacity to meet that back log?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, sure. The direct answer is the G2 has not begun to ship as of yet. We fully anticipate it will start to ship in the next few weeks. The interesting thing is that even though we don’t have any G2s out in actual customer hands right now. The initial response has been a strong for a new introduction as we’ve ever seen. So the backlog build is something we totally expected, because we knew we weren’t going to be able to ship this until the fourth quarter and the third quarter build in this order rate is very encouraging. So watch this base for further notice, but we’re very high on the initial reaction to the G2.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: So then the guidance that you gave for the fourth quarter really only assumes just about a month and a portion of a month of shipment for G2 then?
Douglas Berthiaume: That’s right. Although, we anticipate shipping a fair amount of G2, as you appreciate the manufacturing process fees, a bolus goes into production and then all go on test kind of at the same time, that being brought up to shipment status. So while it’s true we’ll only get the equivalent of a month or month and a half that truly reflects a lot of instruments that were kind of in process for most of the quarter. So I wouldn’t have you believe that what we wind up shipping in the fourth quarter is going to be a small amount. It is not going to reflect total full quarter output, but it will reflect a pretty representative sample.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Then with respect, you put out a press release a couple weeks ago about the FDA adopting ACQUITY for food testing. Is this similar to kind of what you saw in maybe emerging markets where governments maybe standardized and then with those regulations, maybe the suppliers then have to then start to think about conforming to what the Regulatory Officials are using?
Douglas Berthiaume: As you probably know, the whole area of food safety regulations is in a nascent stage. It would be wrong, because I think it’s anywhere near like where the FDA is for testing drugs and there’s a lot of things on the table now about how those regulatory agencies will evolve in the short term and who’ll be responsible for all these regulations, but certainly it’s a very encouraging first step, that the regulatory authorities are looking at our state-of-the-art technologies and kind of looking at that as a basis for what they can embody in the regulations. I’d say, we’re at the early phases of that regulatory process, but we’re encouraged by it.
Operator: Pete Lawson with Thomas Weisel Partners, you may ask your question.
Pete Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: Doug, I wonder if you could talk through your ability to maintain operating costs into 4Q and 2010 and drive the operating margin line.
Douglas Berthiaume: Certainly, Peter. I think it’s a fair question, because, a lot of companies has included kind of responded to the initial signs of the downturn last year with significant constraints on spending. It’s a fair question to say, how long can you restrain spending and expect to service your customers? I think the operating answer, is you should expect us to see constrained spending through the fourth quarter and through the first quarter. I think as we move into the second, third quarter and fourth quarter of next year again, somewhat dependent on the response to our new products. If we’re right about the response, if we’re right about the amount of capital that our customers will have available, you’ll begin to see that spending take on more normal characteristics, but, I assure you that early on, we’re going to keep a pretty strong governor on that spending sprang until we’re more convince about the outlook for 2010. Again as I said, preliminary planning we’re expecting an improvement next year. We’re not expecting a V-shaped recovery. So, we’re going to continue to be cautious until we get a little further into the year.
Pete Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: John, I wonder if you could just give us some kind of breakdown on the effects on gross margins this quarter, the moving parts and expectations for 4Q.
John Ornell: The biggest issue with margins this quarter was really the fact that our high-end mass spec business, as we said really built backlog versus shipments this quarter. So from that perspective, we ended up capitalizing some of the variances favorable FX variances associated with production in pounds. You will see that turn around and come back to the P&L in fourth quarter as we ship those units. We had a little bit of a difficult base of comparison in the quarter as well. Q3 last year was actually our highest quarter for gross margins. It was a very good high end mass spec shipment quarter. So the basic comparison is a little more difficult as you look at it from a year-over-year perspective. I would say that for the fourth quarter, we expect to see an improvement on a year-over-year basis. As is the G2 begins to ship in some volume towards the end of the quarter.
Pete Lawson - Thomas Weisel Partners: Then just on this backlog you’ve talked about. Can you give us some reference how large that backlog is versus historical?
John Ornell: It represents a couple to a few points of growth that have built into the backlog it’s different than what we’ve seen historically.
Operator: Ross Mukin with Deutsche Bank, you may ask your question.
Mike - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. It’s actually Mike in for Ross here. So it’s been a lot of noise made about one of your competitors on a new UPLC launch. Have you seen any change on the competitive landscape since that product has gone to market?
Douglas Berthiaume: Hi Mike. There have been a number of competitors who have been contending for some period about their competing ultra performance chromatography instruments. I would say for the most part, we’ve seen very, very few if any of those actually show up in the market place. People have talked about launching it. As far as I know, no major chromatography competitor is actually officially shipping product yet. So it’s hard to see in real terms, what the competitive dynamics are. We’ve always contended that sooner or later some instruments would actually begin to show up. It’s certainly been more of a case of later, rather than sooner and I think interestingly, as you know, we spent a lot of time with customers in our building here, going through technology seminars. Going through evaluations of what’s going on in the market place. In just in the last two weeks, we’ve had major pharmaceutical customers in our building here and have been hearing universally about how strongly they feel about our ACQUITY technology, and the fact that any competitive instruments are likely to take along time getting through evaluations and getting through approval processes. Whereas, ACQUITY has all gone through that process over the last, while since its introduction now five years ago, so we’re still feeling very good about it, in current conditions, we’re not seeing any competitive instruments actually be sold, that could change, but I think it’s a future event not a current event.
Mike - Deutsche Bank: Then again on the ACQUITY front, Doug, you did mention that you’re seeing, increased UPLC adoption. Can you give a little more color in terms of where the increased adoption is coming from and whether there’s actually trends showing broader use of the total platform?
Douglas Berthiaume: I’m sorry, Mike, you got clipped a little bit, could repeat that question?
Mike - Deutsche Bank: I’m just curious about whether you’re seeing improved broader trends of the ACQUITY platform into different market areas?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, it’s interesting with ACQUITY. To refresh you, traditionally, ACQUITY has been most successful in the research and into the early development stages of company processes. It’s been very successful as a front end for mass spectrometers. Given it’s the physics involved care. What we’re seeing in a number of placements were made into methods developed Ross, kind of the people who set the standards for downstream instruments and things like biopharmaceutical labs. We’re now seeing a clear up tick in interest in the regulated applications, meaning into QA/QC laboratories that have a very high volume of usage of instrumentation. We’ve always kind of known that this is going to be the secondary applications, because these labs are slower to convert, but what we’re seeing is the productivity that now it’s proven with ACQUITY. The environmental friendliness, the savings and solving consumption all are adding and we’re now seeing the very clear beginning of that adoption period in the regulated applications.
Mike - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks.
Operator: Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan, your line is open.
Sung Ji Nam - JP Morgan: This is Sung Ji Nam in for Tycho Peterson. Thanks for taking the question. As we look toward 2010, could you comment on kind of what the key drivers are for the recurring revenue portion of your business? You kind of commented on the instruments given the new product cycle, but could you comment on kind of how we should think about what the key drivers are for recurring revenue as we look ahead. Thanks.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, I think clearly we saw this year some inventory reductions across the world and our customers who are major users of our chemistry. We also saw frankly, some customers move off longer service contracts, trying their best to save money, wherever they could. Both of those dynamics we see clear evidence of them letting up and in fact reversing as we go into the last part of this year and into next year. We’re seeing customers come back on service contracts. As they realize that they’re better off getting regular service out of their installed base, rather than pay higher time and materials charges, it’s kind of penny-wise and pound foolish there. In the chemistry side, we believe that we’re even currently seeing a modulation of that inventory effect. I don’t think we’re seeing people rebuild inventories, but we’re seeing probably the end of the inventory reduction phase. Particularly, in some of our areas that have traditionally held higher inventories like India, we saw some pretty significant inventory reductions early in the year and we’ve seen that modulate as we move through the year. I think those two dynamics are likely to lead to better comparables in 2010. I think with economic activity, we’ll see some baseline improvement in usage of chemistry, but at this point, we’re not going to bank too much of that early on in 2010. That’s an area as I talked about where we’ll probably have to prove to ourselves that’s underway before we build that into our budgets.
Sung Ji Nam - JP Morgan: Also just a quick question with regard to your combination LC GC/MS, is that an interesting opportunity for you guys kind of in items of where you might put additional investment, or could you kind of comment on that, talk about that business?
Douglas Berthiaume: We are the GC/MS piece of our business as always been a relatively small and focused piece, with our very high end, inorganic mass analyzers. So it’s a meaningful, but not terribly significant part of our business and overall, you should expect us to be principally focused on LC/MS applications.
Sung Ji Nam - JP Morgan: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley, you may ask your question.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: So, question on, I apologize if this has been asked before, but I was wondering if you could give us a little more granularity around exactly what to the FX sort of headwind was in GM for the quarter? How we can think about that developing. I know you talked about qualitatively, but any numbers would be helpful.
John Ornell: If you look at the gross margin pieces, the significant pickup that we had seen earlier in the year in the first half was largely currency. We talked about it being two-thirds to three-quarters depending on the quarter. Principally, all of that favorability turned around this quarter as the mix of business moved away significantly from the high end to max spectrometry shipments. We also had a higher proportion of our European sales that were U.K. based. Our U.K. business actually did very well on the quarter as the expense of some of the other geographies. So that the margin mix unfortunately with that was negative. So all of the favorability that we had with the foreign exchange really turned around in the quarter. A lot of that like I said, was inventory and it’s going to come back around and provide, you know, maybe about a 50 basis point type of a benefit, by the time we get to the fourth quarter. On a full year basis, we are still pretty much on plan as it relates to where we thought we would be from a gross margin perspective. It’s the build of the G2 and the slight mix change, where we had more U.K. business in the mix in the third quarter this year that turned the FX dynamic around for the quarter.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Rob Hawkins with Stifel Nicolaus, you may ask your question.
Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. If you don’t mind, could you guys maybe go a little downstream for us and talk about what the strategy is for the food testing QA/QC, approach to your Asian markets. How this kind of the lower end strategy, what changes you guys expect in the landscape there?
Douglas Berthiaume: I’m sorry, when you talk about the lower end strategy, Rob?
Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus: Well, I mean I want talking, I guess not proteomic so much as more the line on QA/QC testing for the food service business?
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay. The food safety business has been a pretty robust area for us for awhile now. As you remember, the Asian and European segments of that probably have led the way with stronger regulations for imported foods as well as things focused on genetically modified organisms. So we’ve been at the forefront of the food testing area in those geographies for awhile now. You will recall that last year, the melamine issue in China was very hot right now and right through the end of the year and we did a substantial amount of business because we’re able to quickly get to market with a test for melamine. So it’s a robust area. It’s nowhere near as big for a world wide today as the biopharmaceutical applications, but it is growing. It’s growing in those areas of the world and it shows great promise to be a faster growing application in the United States. The United States is struggling with how to regulate this area. Who’s going to be responsible for regulating it, but clearly there are regulations that are going to be here. We are very active in the whole area and trying to make sure that our views are considered in this and I having the feel like we’re in an excellent position to take advantage of this evolving market place, but I think that’s going to be an area of that’s going to be the next two or three years as you’ll see that expand. The serve market will still be larger outside the United States.
Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus: I’m sorry, I guess I’m having trouble connecting the dots between what the FDA announcement is and then maybe how you connect from some of the higher end things you’ve been doing and then down streaming the technology or taking that and I guess, dumping it down into what you’ve already kind of built out in Asia on a food strategy standpoint. I mean is that part of the strategy or is it more bringing Asia up to a higher level?
Douglas Berthiaume: Rob, the FDA has acquired a great number of the ACQUITY’s principally for drug testing.
Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus: I’m sorry. Again I misunderstood.
Douglas Berthiaume: Obviously, our commercial accounts view that and say, poise of the regulators are beginning to see what can be evaluated using UPLC technology, it has a follow on effect down the road for those industrial accounts having to adopt faster that technology and I think that’s something that we anticipate will lead in the QA/QC market to a faster adoption rate, because the regulators are looking hard there.
Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus: My apologies, I misread what the comments were and then just real quickly, I may have missed these comments. What is your take on the NIH awards and what this in a lot of these proteomics awards and what this may mean relative to the new products?
Douglas Berthiaume: Are you referring to stimulus spending, Rob?
Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, I am.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think a number of us in the industry are kind of looking at extraordinary quote rates for stimulus possibilities and if you ever thought that those quotes were all going to come to fruition, we’d all be probably celebrating with alcoholic beverages right now. I think it remains to be seen. We think that there will be some significant orders placed on stimulus spending, but it’s still largely a fourth quarter, first quarter, second quarter event. There’s no question that the quote activity has been extraordinary. Measured in the tens and hundreds of millions of dollars, I personally don’t think all of that’s going to come to fruition. So you have to look at people who are trying everything but the kitchens sink in those submissions.
Rob Hawkins - Stifel Nicolaus: There’s enough quality in there that it would be wrong to think that some significant business isn’t going to come out of it, 
Douglas Berthiaume: We preferred to think about it in terms of the low single digit effect on our growth rate probably in the fourth and first quarter.
Operator: Jon Groberg with Macquarie, you may ask your question.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie: Just a quick question, can you maybe comment Doug on replacement sales. I know that’s been a business was been just down. Doesn’t sound like it gotten much better in this quarter. Is there any reason to believe in terms of what you’re hearing from customers or anyone else that some of this could come back in 2010?
Douglas Berthiaume: There’s no questions it’s what we considered replacement business that’s been the most under pressure during this timeframe. Companies that just sit at their normal cycle was replacing on six or seven or eight years, if that would stretch that out a year in many, many cases. Now that cost them in throughput. Cost them in higher repairs and maintenance, but there’s no question that they can do that for a short period of time. I think, the best way to characterize it is, if you go back to the early 90s. Particularly in the last healthcare governmental scare, we saw particularly our pharma customers go through a very similar dynamic. Long out their replacement cycles and look at really putting off making capital improvements. Then once that got behind them, we clearly saw pent up replacement demands begin to shake itself through and we saw a period of three or four years of catch up replacements in those applications. I see no reason to believe that we won’t see some similar kinds of dynamics. Whether it happens early in 2010, or it has to wait a little bit longer, I don’t think that the physics has changed. These instruments are going to wear out. They need to be replaced. We’ll see the down time begins to tick up on them and the demand for new technologies begin to click in. So, I think, we well could see some of that next year, as we go into 2011.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie: Last question, if you think about kind of the portfolio of technologies that you have and the cash that you’re generating I know a lot of that’s going to buy back shares. Is there any reason to think, are there any technologies or adjacencies or things that you might be looking at to also put that cash to work in?
Douglas Berthiaume: We’re always looking. I think the compelling kinds of things that if we look at tend to be smaller, rather than larger. So while it’s never impossible, that we wouldn’t deploy our capital, in a larger framework. In general, that hasn’t been the case and there’s nothing that we look at today that says, if we deployed a major sum of capital in a particular area, that in a reason timeframe, it would accelerate our growth rate or accelerate our returns. We continue to look at some of these smaller niches oriented that do exactly that, they have the potential to accelerate our growth rate, be accretive to our earnings, improve our return on capital and do that what’s left over with our stock where it is today. There’s no question that our stock is a very good investment continues to be immediately accretive and poise is a good place to spend your money, I think it continues to be a very good investment for us.
Jon Groberg - Macquarie: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird, you may ask your questions.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Thanks for the follow-up. Just some clarification, so on the fourth quarter guidance when you talking about, is that zero percent organic offer of Q4 and 4% FX. Is that right, John?
John Ornell: That is correct.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Then acquisitions, what should we be expecting?
John Ornell: Acquisitions will be a couple of points, but, days in the quarter will take away a couple of points. So you’re still back to kind of the zero if you will include all of that.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Okay, so constant currency is zero?
John Ornell: Correct.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Okay and then FX had 4%. So net 4%?
John Ornell: Correct.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Got it, great and then with respect to kind of your comments on 2010. Historically, Waters has been in that kind of high single digit, low double digit organic. So I know this is maybe a little early to talk about 2010 guidance, but I mean is that kind of implying that you budgeting now to assume kind of low single digit, mid single digit type of organic revenue growth in 2010?
John Ornell: Yes, I think it would be fair to say that’s the neighborhood that we’re looking at starting out the year Quintin. Now I’d say that and there’s a reason why we normally don’t want to do this until we finish the fourth quarter and we’re a little bit further I had and that’s because there are a number of factors that could make that look conservative. We’ve got a very conservative base this year that we’ve come off. We’ve a very strong new product year in front of us. We’ve got low interest rates. We have got a very much improving FX scenario, but we still have some companies that are in tough shape. How much capital will they have? That’s a long winded mealy-mouthed way saying and there are upsides and there are downsides, but having said all of that, I think that mid single digit area doesn’t feel bad to us at this point, as we look forward.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Thank you so much, guys.
Operator: Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company, your line is open.
Brigermen – Cowen & Co: Hey, guys. This is Brigermen [ph] in for Doug. Thank you for taking the questions. Most of them have been answered, but quickly on geographies. First in the U.S. to follow-on Rob’s stimulus question, you mentioned kind of some backlog to Synapt and you start to expect some stimulus beginning in Q4. Is there a similar backlog dynamic there? You guys kind of getting ready to ship maybe multiple products heading into the fourth quarter?
Douglas Berthiaume: The only real backlog dynamic we have, Doug, is the G2. That we clearly knew we’re launching to the market, taking orders, and would not be shipping until the fourth quarter. So that’s the only product that creates a significant backlog dynamic for us moving from the third and to the fourth. Now as it relates to stimulus spending, I’m not quite sure what your question was, what was that?
Brigermen – Cowen & Co: I guess based on the orders you said there are some big numbers out there for orders. Are those kind of beginning to come through and I guess begin to start in the fourth quarter?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, what I said was we’re seeing quotes. So these customers who are putting in for grant money, request a quote for you and they will say what will it cost me for a G2 configured in a certain way, and we monitor those quotes and so they go principally to NIH labs and to university in academic areas and those numbers frankly are huge. We’re quoted millions and millions of dollars of quotes on those and many of those are likely to come through, we know that not all of them will come through. So they’re not in backlog as such. They haven’t actually been reduced to an order or commitment to buy, but they’re one step previous to that. We’ve always monitor our quote rates, and typically they run in a consist manner. The stimulus spending is result in this huge bolus of quotes and it remains to be seen how many of those quotes actually get reduced to orders and to shipments, but…
Brigermen – Cowen & Co: In OUS, guys talked about a good quarter for the U.K. and it’s potentially some restocking in India and looked like Japan might have been down. Can you maybe just a one-liner on a couple of those different end markets and maybe if things are turning in different regions or continuing in certain directions?
Douglas Berthiaume: I think the U.K. is the significance of our mass spec portfolio. Our mass spec business has been headquartered in Manchester in the U.K. So the customers in the U.K. tend to get early looks and then are very responsive to our new product. Not only the G2, but the full Xevo product lines, that’s been very encouraging, because as you know the U.K. isn’t generally in very strong economic conditions right now. So that’s been strong. I think some of the other areas have been strong, but the large other countries in Europe haven’t been particularly strong underlying dynamic. That being France, Germany they actually negative growth, so all in Europe has been okay, but it’s been a little bit skewed towards the U.K. In India, we clearly saw slow conditions start around this time last year. That the strength of the Indian currency or I should say the weakness of the Indian currency plus the economic turmoil, resulted in a lot of insecurity in India. We’re beginning to see that turn, I think, in the third quarter. We think that that gets better quarter-by-quarter. Because certainly the Generic shipments coming out of India, plus the potential for other drugs going off patent mean that’s the underlying dynamics the India, we think are still pretty secure. We’ll return to a pretty strong growth environment. China continues to be very strong, as one of our strongest areas in the world and that even considering that we saw some melamine business begin to really ramp up at this time last year. Melamine really hit in the fourth quarter, so we’re going to have some very tough comparisons in the fourth quarter, with China, but I think absent to that kind of one-time blip, China continues to be diverse, remarkably strong. We’re in excellent competitive shape across our product lines in China. Even in Japan. Japan, was a flattish kind of quarter, but we may be seeing some initial signs that Japan has some opportunities for growth. Not taking it to the bank, but there is some encouraging early signs in Japan.
Brigermen – Cowen & Co: Just one quick one and then I’ll get off. With regard to the AV Synapt divestiture, are you seeing maybe a potential opportunity there for market share pick up in the mass spec business and just maybe a comment on that move?
Douglas Berthiaume: Frankly, we’re always trying to gain market share. That’s goes without saying the any time of a business like that, changes hands, of course customers may be disrupted. You never know. I am sure they’re trying their hardest to keep everything smooth for their customer base, but facts are oftentimes face a little disruption when you change owners. We think much more important, is the fact that our technology is as strong as it has ever been, we’re always planning to make this year a very strong introduction for us across many of the applications. The competitors have been stronger in traditionally and I think we’re in the best position that we’ve been in a long time to make significant inroads in that. So I don’t think that’s specifically related to that competitive situation. It’s just more a statement of where we think we are in our product cycle.
Brigermen – Cowen & Co: Just doesn’t hurt. Okay, thanks guys, I appreciate it.
Operator: Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann, your line is open.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Good morning, guys thank you for taking the question. If I could just ask to start here, wanted to see if you could maybe talk about what your seeing in the broader pricing environment within former and specifically you said we should maybe consider any disruptions in demand either through sort of changes in the budgetary process within those customers and/or the availability of used equipment in the marketplace. I know it’s historically a small market, but I’m wondering if there’s potentially a short term disruption there as, a lot equipment is made available in the secondary marketplace?
Douglas Berthiaume: I’ll turn it over to Art, but in general, we haven’t seen too much. Number one, we are the price leaders. We have always been the price leaders and as you can see from our gross margins, there’s been no disappointment coming as a result of significant price competition coming into our infield, but, Art really runs that segment of the business. We’ll ask him to comment on specifically has any price dynamic coming into play in the major segments of our infield.
Arthur Caputo: Yes, interestingly enough, we will see customers hold off and differ before we will usually see them back off too much on price. They equate price and capability and so we fortunately for us, particularly in a regulated market. They don’t seem to be willing to make the tradeoff or take a risk for a lower price. In the end they have a feeling that, they’ll have to end up re-buying it if they make a mistake, you’re better holding offer and going with what their test specified. Very little risk taking we see on behalf of customers in the way of trying to take shortcuts. They will keep the equipment they have and extend the utilization and then when they have to replace they will replace.
Douglas Berthiaume: Your second part of that question, Isaac was on the secondary market. People selling used equipment. Was that just be your second part?
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Yes. I know it’s historically a smaller market, but I’m just wondering in extend what you see the changes in the availability of that channel in terms of meaningful volumes of products?
Douglas Berthiaume: Art, you seeing much of that…?
Arthur Caputo: The only thing I would say is that to the extent of some of the larger accounts, particularly in the pharmaceutical industry, probably the only made at the station of that is, if they take one plant, they’ll a equipment and move it to another plant and so those be shipped assets around. While there’s some secondary market to be honest, it is not enough for us to even, we really don’t see it and therefore we find customers are usually reluctant to cope with the ordeal of having to figure out how to handle warranty and serviceability and traceability. So it’s something we don’t run into very much.
Douglas Berthiaume: You’ve always seen a little bit of it kind of in parts of the market that we generally don’t play very strongly in. Some of the low end academic situations, some of the more traditional industrial accounts, particularly in lower, the less global accounts, but frankly we’re not really seeing it, as I said, pop-up in any of our traditional Waters customer base.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. Thank you and then just secondly, wanted to maybe get a better appreciation for the advantage you guys have within ACQUITY for the chemistry portfolio that you have and maybe highlight if you could, a few of the areas where you made investments, maybe more recently and that you think kind of gives you a material advantage over a new entrants in the coming quarters?
Douglas Berthiaume: Let me see if I hit it right and then, Art can embellish but a key strength of our ACQUITY platform, has always been that the whole technology was driven by a proprietary chemistry configurations that we designed really the instrumentation, coming from the invention of the chemistry. So, we’ve seen that there’s a very high level of tying of the chemistry to our instruments. The instruments in the field are almost totally using proprietary Waters chemistry in their applications. When we launched ACQUITY five years ago, we basically had one flavor of chemistry and the five years with dramatically expanded the flavors in the configurations of that proprietary ACQUITY chemistry and that flood to certainly the highest growth rates in our consumables business around ACQUITY and for every new ACQUITY that we place, is almost that guaranteed razor and razor blade that now goes along with it, with the ACQUITY model. So we are continuing, we’ve launched new acuity flavors in 2009, we’re going to launch more in 2010 and that continues to be a very significant part of our ACQUITY strategy. Did that cover the flavor of your question?
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Actually a little more color there would be great in terms of maybe if you could talk about what in pharma specifically, is there an appreciable percentage of chemistries that are maybe entirely proprietary or customized to that getting customer to extend does that creates that much higher switching costs for them?
Douglas Berthiaume: No, there’s nothing really proprietary to a particular customer. Our chemistries are all broad purpose, useable and by any customer in most any application. They’re tailored to a specific application, you may want a particular activated chemistry for a particular compound that you’re looking for, but that could be used by anyone in the customer base.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay, thank you very much.
Douglas Berthiaume: Operator, I think we probably have time for two more questions.
Operator: Certainly, [Derek Duberlyn] with UBS; you may ask your questions.
Dan - UBS: Hi, this is Dan in for Derek. John as one of you could just break out these FX impact on EPS for the quarter?
John Ornell: It didn’t even round to a penny, so it was zero.
Dan – UBS: With the close of the Pfizer deal, do you have any comments on the resumption of quote and order activity if any and whether this has been in line with expectations and also historical norms for deals of this size?
John Ornell: You mean resulting from the merger?
Dan – UBS: Yes.
John Ornell: Yes, we don’t have specific status. I mean we’re not seeing any dramatic difference from what we’ve seen historically. They always go through a period of confusion, of who’s going to be their boss. Frankly, we’ve continued historically in the last couple of years sharing has been probably stronger coming off a base than Pfizer had been. We probably see a continuation of that currently. So, I don’t think we’ve seen a dramatic falloff. I think we’d anticipate that the future combined entity probably is a somewhat better environment than the past nine months.
Dan – UBS: Perhaps just a comment on maybe outside the large pharma accounts, what you’re seeing with some of the smaller customers in CRS?
John Ornell: Did you say large pharma’s or small…?
Dan – UBS: Yes, outside of large pharma, that’s the contract resorts organizations in a smaller accounts in general.
John Ornell: I didn’t say, this quarter we saw probably a little bit better activity in the smaller specialty, CRO business than in big pharma, but it’s not so dramatically different than it’s worth highlighting too much.
Dan – UBS: A lot of big pharma softness was associated with G2 backlog too so?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes.
Dan – UBS: Okay, but with those accounts fit were there was some sequential, because I know you say it was fairly weak or at least weaker than large pharma last quarter so, sequentially it was improved?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes.
Dan – UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Chris Arndt with Select Equity Group, you may ask your question. Please check your mute button. We’re not able to hear you.
Chris Arndt - Select Equity Group: Thank you, if you already addressed this I apologize. Could you comment on how the consolidation activity in the pharma industry has affected recent results and how you expect it may affect results going forward?
Douglas Berthiaume: That’s essentially the question that just got asked concerning Pfizer and sharing. We have seen some slowdown in business as a result of it. Nothing that we haven’t seen in the past and we say that, in general we think the next 12 months should be marginally an improvement in that climate versus the last 12 months, but frankly we have seen good activity on the part of the targets in these areas, probably less strength out of the parent organization. So you wrap up the lousy economic conditions and kind of it’s hard to tell, which is the chicken and which is the egg here, but I think we feel like the future is likely to be marginally improvement on what we’ve seen in the last 12 months.
Chris Arndt - Select Equity Group: Okay and I expect that what you seen in the CRO industry, it’s been relatively slow. Is there any change in that or do you have a comment on the CRO customer base?
Douglas Berthiaume: No. I think that CRO business has been flattish. We have probably done better than those accounts feel like they’re doing. They’re under a lot of pressure and, I think long term that CRO business starts to curve upwards. Although it may take awhile, but right now that business is pretty flat.
Chris Arndt - Select Equity Group: Okay. Great, thanks.
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay. Well, I want to thank everyone for taking the time and we appreciate the quality of the questions and we’ll look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Arthur Caputo: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives:   Douglas A. Berthiaume – Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer John A. Ornell – Chief Financial Officer & Vice President Finance and Administration
Analysts :  Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan Securities Quintin Lai – Robert W. Baird Isaac Ro – Leerink Swann & Company Derik deBruin – UBS Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus Ross Muken – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital (USA)  
Operator:  Welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter financial results conference call. All participants will be in a listen only until the question and answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today’s conference call Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation.
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter financial results conference call. With me on today’s call is John Ornell, the company’s Chief Financial Officer and as is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter’s highlights, John will follow with the details on our financial results and provide you with an outlook for the full year. But, before we get going I’d like John to cover the cautionary language.
John A. Ornell : During the course of this conference call we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q3 and full year 2009. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and actual events or results may differ materially.  For a detailed discussion of some of the risk and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations see our 10K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 in part one under the caption business risk factors. We further caution you that the company does no obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results accept during our regularly scheduled earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October, 2009.  During this call we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussion of the results of operations we may refer to pro forma results which exclude the impact of the items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled reconciliation of net income per diluted share included in this morning’s press release.
Douglas A. Berthiaume : The demand patterns that we talked to you about in April largely continued in the second quarter. Overall, our business with industrial accounts, firms closely tied to the production of chemicals that are used in the manufacture of consumer goods was the weakest. Similar to the first quarter, our pharmaceutical end market showed modest decline in line with the company’s overall sales results. On the bright side, we continue to enjoy strong growth from our combined government and academic customers.  Our sales in the quarter were down 4% on a currency neutral basis and we were able to deliver 3% earnings growth due to favorable product mix, disciplined price and cost controls, favorable currency translation and leverage from our share repurchase program. To look at the top line, our recurring revenue, the combination of our service and chromatography chemicals businesses grew more modestly in the quarter while the decline in our instrument business was more moderate than in the first quarter.  The slower second quarter year-over-year growth rate for our recurring revenues primarily due to a tough comparison with the prior year’s quarter. We feel that the 2009 half year growth rate for our recurring revenue is more indicative of underlying demand and we expect mid single digit currency neutral sales growth for our chemistry and service business during the second half of the year.  Looking more closely at instrumentation, we attribute the quarter’s revenue decline to weak demand from industrial chemical accounts and from some developing countries. We believe the weakness in industrial spending is related to global recessionary pressures while declines in developing countries, most notably India and Latin America seemed due to a combination of economic factors and the residual effects of weakened local currency.  Similar to what we saw in the first quarter, demand for high end and application focused systems were stronger for more routine analysis instruments that are often purchased to replace older systems. Customer interest was strongest for research mass spectrometry and ACQUITY UPLC instruments. If you look at our end markets, overall pharmaceutical sales volume declined modestly in the quarter and was in line with the company’s overall performance while weaker industrial sales were offset by stronger government and university spending. Sales to our top pharmaceutical customers, our 15 largest drug accounts, were up in the second quarter and showed some acceleration from the growth we witnessed in the first quarter. We were particularly encouraged by more broad adoption of ACQUITY UPLC by these firms. Geographically, our fastest growing major market was China where sales to government agencies, universities and applied markets were all strong. In India, the declines that we saw in this quarter were not as severe as in the first quarter and there are some indications that we are likely to see some continued improvements in the second half of 2009. As I mentioned earlier and now speaking specifically for the waters division, we continued to see stronger demand for research oriented instrument systems. ACQUITY UPLC shipments grew in the quarter and were positively impacted by broader adoption of the technology by large drug companies, a trend that we believe will continue throughout the second half of this year. Sales of ACQUITY column, the family of chromatography consumables specifically designed for our ACQUITY UPLC systems suggest a continued near complete column utilization rate for the installed base of ACQUITY systems and were up double digits in the quarter.  Sales of our newly introduced Xevo mass spectrometry systems researched instruments that offer advanced performance and ease of use with space saving bench top designs were also strong in the quarter. At this year’s ASMS conference we introduced a new high end mass spectrometry platform called the SYNAPT G2. We feel that the G2 has the potential to redefine performance standards in research mass spectrometry and displays alternative high resolution geometries with its unique combination of high speed, high resolution, high mass accuracy and proprietary shape characterization capabilities. We booked several orders for new SYNAPT G2 systems in the second quarter and plan to begin shipments in the fourth quarter of 2009. Our TA instruments division core thermal product lines were again affected by industrial chemical manufacturers continuing to rein in their spending. In addition, the division had a tough prior year comparison. We believe that we are either maintaining or gaining market share with our TA product line and are encouraged by sales growth of our life science thermal line. Despite the tough market conditions TA has successfully maintained high profitability through disciplined pricing policies and prudent expense control. Earlier this year we announced the acquisition of Thar Instruments, the world leader in super critical fluid chromatography, a separation technology closely related to HPLC that primarily uses more environmentally friendly carbon dioxide as the [mobile] phase. I’m pleased to tell you that Thar delivered a strong second quarter sales result and that plans are proceeding to further leverage Thar technology in the second half of 2009.  Customers are increasingly interested in reducing chemical waste and running their labs in a more green manner. Thar’s SFT technology in combination with the dramatic solvent savings enabled by ACQUITY UPLC have allowed Waters to assume a leadership in cost effective and environmentally friendly laboratory technology. Companies such as Thar represent the type of firm that Waters is targeting on the M&A front in that it is close to us technologically, profitable and has top line potential to be accretive to our overall growth rate.  Before I turn you over to John for a look at our financials, I’d like to qualitatively say a few words about our outlook for the remainder of this year. I’m cautiously optimistic about the second half of this year as I feel we have likely already seen the worst effects of the weak economy on our instrumentation demand and have now experienced three sequential quarters of fairly stable pharmaceutical spending.  Jumping ahead to the fourth quarter, we will anniversary the onset of the economic troubles that have pressured our industrial segment and should begin to see benefits of stimulus related governmental spending in the US. Though consolidation in the pharmaceutical industry and uncertainties related to governmental healthcare proposals could impact future business, we’re not currently feeling that these issues are likely to pressure our second half results. Some of the sales growth that we will see in the fourth quarter will come as a result of orders for new mass spectrometry instruments and we have already booked or anticipate booking in the third quarter. Specifically I’m referring to systems that incorporate our new SYNAPT G2 platform. Again, researchers are very excited about potential for this new technology on their scientific workflow and some are opting to wait for fourth quarter deliveries rather than to accept shipment in an earlier time of a less capable instruments from either us or our competitors. So the timing of G2 shipments will result in lower sales of high end mass spec in the third quarter, our outlook for the fourth quarter and the full second half of 2009 is now better than we could have expected prior to our ASMS launch of the SYNAPT G2. Generally, we expect that the market conditions that we have experienced in the first half of ’09 will extend in to the third quarter. Operationally, we will continue to carefully control our spending and continue our efforts to improve efficiency. On the R&D front, our new product pipeline is very strong and we plan significant new product launches in the coming quarters. In closing, despite current challenges, I feel we are close to seeing an improvement in our business. In the second half of this year the combination of our new mass spec platforms, continued penetration of the LC market with ACQUITY UPLC and reaching the anniversary of the beginning of last year’s economic slowdown give me confidence in a stronger finish to 2009. Longer term 2010 and beyond, we believe we are poised to deliver advanced instrument systems to our customers, return to a top line growth that’s more consistent with our history and generate superior earnings growth and cash flow for our investors.  Now, I’d like to turn it over to John.
John A. Ornell : Second quarter sales declined by 9% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.78 this quarter compared to earnings of $0.76 last year. On a GAAP basis our earnings were $0.72 this quarter compared to $0.82 last year. Our GAAP results this quarter contained a charge for exiting rented facilities at our TA Instrument site in Delaware. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Reviewing our Q2 sales results, sales were down 9% this quarter with currency translation representing 5% of this decline. Looking at our sales growth geographically and before foreign exchange affects, sales continued to be soft in the US and Europe where sales declined by 6% and 4% respectively. In Japan, sales grew by 5% versus a weak base of comparison last year and sales to Asia outside of Japan grew by 1% against a strong base of comparison. Turning to the product front, within the waters division instrument system sales declined by 8% and recurring revenues grew by 2% this quarter. Recurring revenues were somewhat softer than anticipated this quarter and through the half are on plan with 5% growth. We believe the consumables demand might be a bit more variable this year but should still be around mid single digit growth for the full year. Within our TA instruments division sales declined by 12% versus prior year.  Now, I would like to comment on our non-GAAP financial performance. Gross margin continued to be very favorable versus prior year and came in at 60.3%, up 210 basis points. This improvement was again heavily affected by continued favorable foreign exchange dynamics this quarter. Year-over-year the Yen continued to provide a positive translation benefit of our Japanese sales with no offsetting local manufacturing costs impacting our cost of sales. In the UK we have more local production and a larger service cost base than local sales providing for significant margin improvement given the relative weakness of the pound. Additionally, we experienced favorable product mix as a higher proportion of our sales came from chemistry and service where productivity was high given the headcount and cost controls in place. SG&A expenses declined by 8% this quarter compared to prior year as a result of our actions to control expenses and currency translation effects. We continue to take a strong position on expense control and plan to continue to hold back on discretionary spending in response to the depressed economic conditions we face. R&D expenses declined by 11% this quarter as a result of currency translation effects on expenses in our UK R&D group.  We currently expect our full year operating effective tax rate to be approximately 18.5%. The slight increase in our rate from Q1 is the result of an anticipated shift in income in to higher tax rate jurisdictions. The impact of this change resulted in an operating effective rate of 19% this quarter or a $0.01 reduction in earnings for the quarter.  On the balance sheet, cash and short term investments totaled $506 million and debt totaled $631 million bringing us to a net debt position of about $125 million. On the stock buyback front, we continue to purchase our shares in the open market and during the second quarter we purchased one million shares of our common stock for $45 million. We define free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any non-cash tax benefit from FAS 123R accounting and excluding unusual non-recurring items. For Q2, free cash flow was $63 million after funding $36 million of cap ex and excluding a $6 million lease termination charge relating to our new TA facility. Capital expenditures this quarter included $18 million of facility costs related to our TA instrument site. Comparably without this outlay cash flow would have been $81 million this quarter versus $89 last year. Accounts receivable day sales outstanding stood at 74 days this quarter, two days better than last quarter but up four days from Q2 last year. Inventories were about flat this quarter as we adjusted manufacturing plans to align with demand.  As we look to the second half of the year we currently expect difficult economic conditions to persist. We will continue to hold back where possible on discretionary spending but doing so could become more difficult as the year goes on so I expect a modest additional spending increase will be required later in the second half of the year. Gross margin as a percent of sales should be less favorable as the year progresses as beneficial foreign exchange dynamics diminish and as instrument shipments become a larger proportion of sales later in the year.  So, for full year 2009 we believe our recurring revenues will likely grow at a mid single digit rate for the year while instrument demand is expected to be down between mid single and high single digits for the full year. Overall, we are expecting full year sales to be down between 2% and 4% before currency effects. Foreign exchange translation will reduce 2009 sales growth by about 3% at current rates. Therefore, on a reported basis we are expecting sales to decline between 5% and 7% for the full year. Moving down the P&L, we expect gross margins to be up from 2008 as a result of the factors I described earlier. Currency translation benefits have been discounted as I said earlier and product mix will become less favorable as instrument sales volumes increases. For the full year, we now expect to see a margin improvement of around 150 basis points. Operating expenses are expected to decline at a rate about equal to the sales and our operating tax rate is expected to be about 18.5%. Net interest expense is expected to be in the neighborhood of $11 million and our fully diluted average outstanding share count for the full year 2009 is currently estimated to be 97 million shares. Rolling all of this together, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $3.28 to $3.38 per share with sales declining between 5% and 7%. For Q3 we expect our currency neutral sales to decline at a rate comparable to the first half results. Any potential sequential improvement in customer demand this quarter could easily be offset by a shift in to Q4 of orders associated with stimulus spending and Q4 shipments of our new high end mass spec system. At current exchange rates, currency translation will reduce sales growth by about 3%. Considering these factors non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the third quarter are expected to be between $0.74 and $0.79. For Q4 we expect our currency neutral sales to be about flat and currency translation to increase sales growth by 1%. Non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be between $1.01 and $1.06 for Q4. 
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Operator I think we can open it up for Q&A now.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan Securities.
Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan Securities: I’m wondering if you can kind of elaborate on your pharma comments around ACQUITY. You’ve talked in the past about standardization, I’m wondering if this is a process that’s been accelerated at all with these deals closing or just if you could provide additional color around what’s going on with ACQUITY at pharma? Is this mainly in the QC labs or any additional details would be helpful.
Douglas A. Berthiaume : I think where the most positive, most encouraging is related to those broad based applications closer to QC than in the traditional ACQUITY stronghold in R&D. We saw one particular very large domestic pharmaceutical company, I think I’ve talked about it before, I mean last year we saw a European based large pharmaceutical company basically decide to go across the board to UPLC and we saw a similar dynamic domestically this time. So, even in a time of tough instrument placements we’re seeing ACQUITY continue to grow year-over-year. That’s largely a pharma dynamic. So, I think what you’re seeing is penetration in to those more – the benefits of the UPLC on the research side have been overwhelming. The cracking more deeply in to the regular QC side where companies have got to face the issue of how many do they change out, do they change them out all at one time particularly at a time of reduced capital spending is a tougher sell, we’re seeing progress on that front.
Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan Securities: You talked in your comments as well about some of the deferred orders for the new SYNAPT system, I guess I’m just trying to get a sense as to how big the magnitude is here. Is this something that was significant in this quarter and maybe some color on what you’re expecting for the third quarter ahead of the fourth quarter launch?
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Well, we just showed it at ASMS really the beginning of June so we weren’t even able to demo it until that time. We’re now demoing it very extensively and I’d say the customer response has been as strong as any instrument we’ve introduced in the last five years. So, I would say we’re very, very enthusiastic about the customer response. We have seen a number of orders already in the second quarter, we’ve seen that accelerate in to the third quarter.  It needs to be clear that we’re not going to ship any of these in the third quarter. Our production plan doesn’t really start shipping until the fourth quarter but we’re reasonably confident we can ship a substantial number in the fourth quarter. I would say our financial forecast tries to draw a midline in that fourth quarter expectation. It’s very possible that this could be a defining factor of exceeding that number if we’re successful in getting as many manufacturers in to the marketplace as we think. That’s probably as strong as I can talk about G2.
Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan Securities: Then just one last one on capital deployment, can you talk a little bit about the outlook on M&A versus buybacks? Obviously with some of the deals we’ve started to see it looks like the valuation gaps come in a little bit so if you could just talk a little bit on priorities there that would be great.
Douglas A. Berthiaume : I think valuations certainly came down across the board last year. Valuations in the past six months have clearly come up a bit in our industry. Our idea of what suits Waters appropriately in the M&A front hasn’t changed from the low valuation to the high valuation, we still like our core capabilities, our core businesses. We’re absolutely convinced that we could do some accretive mergers that are larger than the mergers we typically do but we’re not convinced that two or three years down the road that we can grow that consolidated business at the pace we can grow our core competencies. So, that’s the conundrum, you can deploy more capital but in the end you have to wake up in the morning and be happy with who you’re living with and we’re not convinced that the larger ones that we have kicked the tires on satisfy those objectives. So, we’ll continue to do the Thar kind of deals, the targeted smaller technology deals or some bolt ons. We’ve done some bolt ons to our testing businesses that we’re very happy with. It doesn’t deploy a huge amount of capital that way and so we’re left with buying in more of our stock in all likelihood.
John A. Ornell : For the year, if you look at the buyback program, we’re just over $100 million at the half way point. We talked about executing about $200 million for the full year so we’re pretty much on plan to meet that original expectation.
Tycho Peterson – JP Morgan Securities: John actually just one housekeeping on the tax rate, have you quantified the potential impact of the Obama proposal?
John A. Ornell : Until we get to the point where that’s somewhat clearer as it makes its way through Congress, it’s difficult to quantify that. Some very early views of that would suggest that perhaps based on some of the deductions that perhaps won’t be allowable in the US going forward that it could be a 300 to 400 basis point impact on us but it’s very early. It’s still up in the air, I don’t think we can really nail that down to a specific number at this point in time. I think I’ve heard others in our space quantify it similarly, I don’t think based on our starting point that we’re going to be impacted dramatically different from others in the space. But, I’d quantify it somewhere in that range based on what I know today.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Quintin Lai – Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai – Robert W. Baird: With respect to kind of the industrial side could you delineate you talked about price discipline, is it that the customers that are buying are not price sensitive and is it just no projects so there is no buying and then as it comes back is it more binary or is there kind of elasticity of demand as well?
Douglas A. Berthiaume : I think there’s relatively little elasticity Quintin. In times like this, I think we’ve seen certain competitors struggle and in the end try to use price to disgorge orders. I think in many cases the desperation tactic over a long period of time and most of our instrument businesses experience has taught us that price isn’t a long term determinant of how these customers react. They are much more concerned with service, support, continuity and that price falls relatively low on their list which is not to say that in any one circumstance, particularly if it’s a university account of certain others that somebody might not squeeze an order out with a large discount. We have a golden rule that we treat our customers with the respect that they deserve and we live to our worldwide contracts and it’s very, very rare that we wander outside those discount guidelines. So, I think our customers respect that and in the end it holds us in good stead. I don’t see us losing significant orders to price competition in this environment. I think it’s substantially a case that those customers are not releasing any capital money, or any capital money is probably a little bit strong but there are substantially diminished capital budgets. That may improve largely because of the weak base in the fourth quarter. I don’t see that improving very much in the third quarter. I do see from the people, particularly TA and the people who are most focused on those industrial chemical accounts in the US, that it is not getting worse but it’s not very good. So, I think we’ve seen the bottom of that but I wouldn’t expect you to see any light at the end of the tunnel until possibly the fourth quarter.
Quintin Lai – Robert W. Baird: John, just to reconfirm, the pro forma EPS guidance you updated $3.28 to $3.38, that seems to be an increase from your last guidance, is that right?
John A. Ornell : Yes, the upper end of the range is higher by $0.08 and we narrowed the range as well because I think we’re feeling a little bit more confident in the second half of the year and hitting these numbers so there’s a $0.10 differential, $0.05 a quarter which is a little bit closer to where we’ve been historically in trying to call the bottom line. So, it is raised as a result of expectations really more in the fourth quarter as a result of the stimulus spend and some of the shipments of the G2 that we talked about that we’re a bit more confident about as we said today.
Douglas A. Berthiaume : And we were at the high end of our guidance in the second quarter Quintin.
John A. Ornell : That’s right.
Douglas A. Berthiaume : We think on balance there are probably more things that could go right for us in the second half than wrong.
Quintin Lai – Robert W. Baird: So the outlook plus the G2 even offsets kind of what looks like to us a little bit higher tax rate and share count then?
John A. Ornell : Yes, that’s correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Isaac Ro – Leerink Swann & Company.
Isaac Ro – Leerink Swann & Company: First thing, on the pharma and markets I think you kind of mentioned in the beginning comments that it was down a little bit and then later you said it was sort of sequentially stable. So, I was wondering if you could give us a little more color on what you’re seeing there maybe between demand for equipment versus the utilization of the consumables. Then, given that you are taking that sort of higher guidance outlook for the rest of the year, what’s your level of confidence in the fourth quarter as a lot of these mergers close that you won’t see any disruption in that underlying business beyond the stimulus and the SNYAPT catalyst that you talked about?
John A. Ornell : I’d say on the pharma business in total while overall the pharma business was down slightly in the quarter, the trends that we saw in large pharma where we’ve said that we’ve seen some sequential stability in the results, we actually saw some growth in the first half of the year and that accelerated a little bit in the second quarter. I would say that we’ve talked about weakness in large pharma for a few years here so the effects of the economy I would say are a little bit different on this group of customers than industrial chemical and more GDP centric type businesses. The large pharma accounts, at least for us at this time we would say feel more stable, feels like the interest in the ACQUITY, the interest in the new mass spec products will continue to allow us to see growth in that segment of our business. Outside of large pharma the other accounts are still under pressure, some of the generic accounts CROs continue to struggle for us but all in we’re looking at a low single digit decline for that group of customers with large pharma really being the best performer.
Isaac Ro – Leerink Swann & Company: Then if you could maybe walk us through as I look at sort of forward quarters on the gross margin line aside from currency, how should we think about blotchy years in ACQUITY, the progress you made in maybe growing the gross margin on maybe that product line and now that it’s at full scale here, how much head room do you think you have left considering the potential move in the Singapore manufacturing?
John A. Ornell : I’d say that if we look at the all in margins on the ACQUITY product we started off, as you know, somewhere in the 50s, we’re in the low 60s at this stage and we’re at the point now where we’re looking, as you know, moving that product to Singapore, that is in the early phases of the move. There’s nothing from a technology perspective that would prevent it from moving in the mid and high 60s across a few years as we make that transition and ramp up the production in Singapore.  So, for that product alone I would say there’s definitely some margin improvement that would could expect as these transitions occur. As we think about gross margins on a year-over-year basis as we start thinking about next year, you certainly have to take in to account the fact that we’ve had some pretty significant improvements in margins associated with currency. So, currency movements could to some extent offset whatever that pickup could be.
Isaac Ro – Leerink Swann & Company: The last one here on sort of fourth quarter assumptions, did I hear you right in assuming that you have some expectations for stimulus orders to be booked in that quarter.
John A. Ornell : Yes, they’ll be booked in that quarter but they’ll also be booked – some were booked in the second quarter, more in the third, we talked about it but yes, they’ll be booked and shipped in the fourth quarter as well. The expectation is that that stimulus spend will lob over in to next year as well. So, it’s a multi quarter impact where the beginning of it for us we believe will be in the fourth quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume : We’re seeing a huge amount of quote activity related to stimulus spending Isaac and we’ve also seen pretty clearly some delays in orders that probably would have come through without stimulus money but some of those academic government accounts are waiting for the stimulus money to take the place of some of their own internal monies. So, it’s hard to imagine that all of this quote activity doesn’t make its way through shipments in the latter half of this year. Frankly, we’re not counting on a huge amount of that in terms of our sales expectations, that could be another piece that if we’re conservative there that may turn out to be a little bit better than we’ve baked in.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Derik deBruin – UBS.
Derik deBruin – UBS: What did Thar add to Q2 and then on a further note, what’s the latest in terms of the acetonitrile trial shortage?
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Acquisitions added in total about 2% in the quarter and about 1% for the first half results. So, Thar was successful for us, we’re looking at continuing to ramp that technology up through the second half of the year, being able to sell that under the Waters umbrella seems to be an opportunity that is at least on plan for us as we look at the second half of the year so acquisitions look like they’ll continue to be a small add or two to sales across the second half.
Derik deBruin – UBS: And do you see the acetonitrile shortage, has that shown any signs of being elevated?
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Not substantially at this point. There are some forecasts that those plants are coming back a little bit on stream but even if it does come back on stream Derik I think the attention on the acetonitrile, the risk of supply is still very high in the minds of our customers and together with this whole green initiative I think has swung our accounts to really paying attention to solvent consumption and solvent usage. So, while the absolute status of acetonitrile might get a little bit better, I think from our point of view it still works to our advantage that they’ve had to go through this.
Derik deBruin – UBS: I’m just trying to reconcile the comments here, so the organic growth is lower and the expenses are going to tweak a little bit higher in the second half so I guess is there going to be a big change in some of the below the line items to kind of get you to the higher end of the guidance range?
John A. Ornell : If you look at the second quarter, the growth without M&A is down 6% which it was in the first quarter too so I’m not sure what you’re comparing against.
Derik deBruin – UBS: I was just basically saying that if you kind of look at it for – well, I mean because you changed your fx impact from down 4% to down 3% fx impact on the top line.
John A. Ornell : That’s right, that’s in the third quarter and then by the fourth quarter fx is actually positive. The big difference in the second half really is the fact that in the fourth quarter we anniversary if you will the recession to some extent and where we grew in the base about 7% a quarter across the first three quarters and the fourth quarter we were organically flat. So, we’re expecting to be flat on that base with a percent of sales pickup from fx so fx and the anniversarying of the recession if you will, is really the delta in the second half that makes it different from the first half. We’re really not saying that the pace of the business if you will dramatically picks up in that guidance.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus.
Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus: Can we go in to a little bit of detail about what’s behind the consumables decline and maybe what’s happening in some of your end markets it didn’t grow as fast as you guys thought?
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Sure, the consumables business was a little bit slower in the second quarter than it was in the first. First quarter we had a calendar dynamic that gave us several extra days. In the second quarter we had a relatively strong base where we had some customers placing large standing orders in last year. So, when you look at 2009 I don’t think the actual customer demand pattern was all that different between the second quarter and the first quarter but the reported results were slower sales growth. That’s why we think the second half is kind of an average of the first and the second quarter. The real demand pattern, what we talked about pretty much in the first quarter, customers have run fewer samples, they’re looking at various ways to save expenses across the board and I don’t think that dynamic is going to change too much in the second half of the year. We’re not expecting a seat change in the way our consumables and service business operates in the second half and probably we think we have a somewhat brighter picture for next year but we’re not anticipating that in the second half. 
Robert Hawkins – Stifel Nicolaus: Then you mentioned that industrial demand in TA is bottoming and you said there might be a little bit of light in the fourth quarter, does that also translate to the industrials for the Waters division? And, when you’re talking about this demand, is it kind of the usual seasonality related to people just kind of finishing out the year and spending the money that they didn’t spend already or do you think it’s kind of a real recovery demand that you’re getting a sense of?
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Speaking specifically about TA, as we monitor requests for quotations and demo activity, we saw that dynamic flatten out at the end of the first quarter and as we moved through the second quarter, we saw our internal statistics improve. Now, that didn’t manifest itself in orders and sales in the second quarter but we think that’s an early indicator that customers have hit their bottom and are looking to improve in the second half. Now, that’s off a much lower run rate so we’re not declaring victory on that but it’s better than [inaudible].  You get in to the fourth quarter and clearly you’ve got a lower base because you’ve got the dynamic of the financial crisis and the demand reductions in the fourth quarter so, you’ve clearly got a lower base to compare against. I also think it may be more important in the pharmaceuticals and the life science areas but the fourth quarter of ’08 you saw a massive reduction in confidence and people took early action to just carve back on their spending and it was as fast as I’ve ever seen in this industry. I think it’s all together possible that you’ll see just the opposite happen at the end of this year, that people get more confident, they’re not cutting back on capital spending, they may not get as ebullient but I think it’s very possible that you’ll see some end of the year money. That’s kind of certainly what we’d hope to see, we’re not banking on that in our forecast but I think you could see that in the industrial accounts but particularly you could see it in the science area too.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ross Muken – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Ross Muken – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Could you talk a bit about some of the end of year expenses that are going to be needed as growth reaccelerates in to 2010 and sort of how you’re thinking about some of the different lines that might have changed this year whether it’s salaries or bonus or other and how we should think about modeling that as we enter 2010?
John A. Ornell : I guess I would say first off where we have held back on some of the service side of the business is probably one that is going to get some of the most attention. There’s been a headcount freeze in place across the organizations with rare exceptions of some locations outside of the US where we’ve had to keep up with increased demand, so adding some service headcount in the field in support of that business is probably one of the first areas we’ll start looking at. There was a full pay freeze in place based on the conditions this year. We’re going to have to reassess that based on market conditions for next year. I mean, that’s certainly another area that we’ll look at. Some of the more discretionary items on travel and meetings and that type of spend. We can be a little bit more conservative depending on how the economy picks up as we move in to next year. So, I wouldn’t say at this stage that there’s going to be a huge sum of increase spend across the board that’s going to be dilutive if you will, to the earnings growth should we have a modest increase in the top line, but it’s very early on to be able to quantify that. Some of these expenses will begin in the fourth quarter, there will probably be some amount of service heads that we’re just going to have to put in place but I think you’ll see a rather modest increase in expenses as we exit the year. It’s really more a budgetary planning cycle affect for next year that we can talk more about perhaps on the October or January call.
Ross Muken – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: From a market perspective, you noted India was weak, that’s been a function of currency, that started to unwind a bit, has that shown any signs of life or is that sort of still in a difficult fx comp scenario? Then, to that effect, are you seeing any sort of change from the zero demand there or anywhere else inclusive of the US?
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Ross, the second quarter was a bit better than the first quarter. We anticipated it was going to be a relatively short term dynamic and I think that’s what we’re seeing. We anticipate that the third quarter will be better than the second quarter and the fourth quarter will be better than that. I think it will be 2010 before we see a relative return to normalcy but the encouraging thing about India as their actual shipments of generic drugs have continued to grow robustly quarter after quarter so I think there isn’t too long that they can put off the instrumentation of that kind of growth and I expect that we’ll see the second half significantly better than the first half.
Ross Muken – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just because I’m getting a bunch of emails here even though I think I may have it John, in terms of the sort of top three things that changed on the guidance line to get to the new EPS range, I mean it seems like fx improved and you have a slightly better outlook than the back half but can you just sort of delineate the three key changes to sort of get us there again? I’m sorry, I just feel like people are a bit confused.
John A. Ornell : I meant the upper end of the range was raised by $0.08 and the improvement there is fx on the top line and currency is going to be favorable now by the time we get to the fourth quarter. That wasn’t the case before. We’ve continued to hold back on spend to a larger extent perhaps than I had originally estimated as well. The benefits on gross margin continued in the second quarter, not at the rate they were in the first but better than I had originally anticipated in to the second. So, I would say those factors coupled with the G2 release and the early excitement on what we might deliver in the fourth quarter made us feel much more confident in the numbers that we’re rolling up for the field on the possible shipments on the high end mass spec later in the year are probably the biggest factors.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company.
Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company: Sorry to beat a dead horse on guidance but I just went back to look at the transcript from Q1 to make sure I wasn’t missing anything and in fact it doesn’t look like I did. On the Q1 call you guided the street to expect full year constant currency growth of down 4% to up 1%. You’ve revised that to down 4% to down 2% for the full year so again, assuming this is an apples-to-apples comparison, you maintain the low end of the range but you lowered the high end of the range. I just want to make sure that we’re not missing something here. Is there some specific end market where you are actually taken a more conservative stance?
John A. Ornell : The answer there is that the financial guidance that I provide on the earnings line is more associated with the bottom of the organic sales range and to the extent that we had gotten anywhere near zero or plus one, we would have gone well over the earnings per share guidance that was provided. I did not want to create a financial model at the bottom line that assumed we had gotten all the way to the top of the organic sales range so I typically try and construct the earnings at the bottom line somewhere near the bottom of the expectation for organic growth, that’s the difference. At this stage, just based on where we’ve landed in the third quarter, it’s less likely that we’re going to get to that plus one so we’ve been I’d say more realistic in what the full year expectation will be on the sales range and the continued profitability of sales even when they decline in the mid single digits is encouraging enough that we’re able to still leverage positive earnings growth through the first half in the earnings guidance and for the second half in reality we’re looking at earnings per share relatively flat with prior year to get to that $3.28 to $3.38 number. From that perspective you could say that the earnings flow through is more conservative in the second half than the first, much of it associated with a currency environment that’s getting slightly less favorable from a gross margin and the bottom line flow through perspective.
Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company: In the past you’ve talked about a 1% fx move equating to about $0.05 at the bottom line on a full year basis, is that still a good rule of thumb?
John A. Ornell : I’d say once we get passed this year and currencies behave the way maybe they historically have that’s probably right. That wasn’t true for the first half of this year, we haven’t had the full amount of pain on the currency line because of the fact that we’ve had a positive Yen, a negative Euro and an extremely negative British Pound dynamic, all of which have leveraged to better flow through at the gross margin line. To the extent the currencies behave more normally and move in the same direction to the US dollar, the rule of thumb you described is accurate it just hasn’t been accurate this year.
Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company: Then one last question, Doug you in your prepared remarks talked about at a high level about returning to top line growth in 2010 that resembles your historical norms. How dependent is this on a rebound in industrial and what is the risk to this target associated with big pharma consolidation?
Douglas A. Berthiaume : In terms of big pharma consolidation, if we see a major change in existing dynamics, I suppose that’s a wild card. For the already announced mergers I don’t think it means too much to our expectations. I think 2010 I’m frankly probably a little bit more confident in my heart than I am willing to put down on paper right now. We’re seeing real demand reductions in 2009 that with all of the dynamics moving for us, I think if you just go back to 2008 dynamics you’re going to see mid to high single digit growth. We continue to see strong demand coming out of Asia and frankly I don’t see a whole lot that’s putting that at risk. I think India returns to a more normal dynamic next year which coming off this base could be a substantial piece of growth. Our Latin America business I think we’ll actually see a better return in the second half of this year but better dynamics next year. The key question marks are Western Europe and the United States which are the major pieces of our business. Coming off this year I’m more confident that 2010 is going to be better. But, it remains to be seen. The industrial piece has been terrible for three quarters now specifically related to this industrial chemical business, specifically kind of tied to the consumer, to the auto industry or auto derived demand. You’re guess is probably as good as mine in terms of have we seen the worse of that or do we see another year of that. I frankly think it’s hard to imagine that you could see another year as bad as 2009 and I’d project that it gets better in 2010.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: On the gross margin line, do you guys mind in the quarter just walking us through the moving pieces in terms of currency contribution year-on-year and then what sort of changed sequentially from the first quarter?
John A. Ornell : If you look at the gross margin improvement of about 210 basis points, the Yen was up on average about 7% year-over-year, that’s a couple of million of benefit, there’s not cost of sales associated with – you don’t need protection in that country so there’s about 60 bips improvement associated with that. In the UK we have about $10 million or so of cost greater than sales. The currency movement there was about 20% year-over-year within the quarter, that’s another couple of million dollars of improvement, a 120 basis points coming from currency and there was a little bit of spill over affect from capitalized variances in the first quarter so maybe about 150 basis points or two thirds or so of the improvement that we saw in gross margin was associated with these currency dynamics that I’m describing. Beyond that the service margins continued to be much higher year-over-year as you saw in the first quarter and that along with some cost reductions in mix were another 60 or so basis points. Versus the first quarter the Yen was up closer to 10% to 12%, the Pound was off almost 30% instead of 20% so these benefits were just greater just because of currency movements within the quarter but still on a year-over-year basis very significant.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: Then you alluded to this before, so should we think about as you restaff on service, is that a second half ’09 or is that in to 2010?
John A. Ornell : It’s going to be more of a 2010 event. You’re going to continue to see – and, even that could take a while to staff that up a bit. You’re unlikely to see the service piece of this benefit decline substantially between now and the end of the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital (USA).
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital (USA): I guess just looking again kind of as a lot of people saying okay let’s get past 2009 looking in to 2010 and John giving your comments around gross margin, it sounds like you’re kind of on track with the ACQUITY move to Singapore with the puts and takes, and I know it’s kind of a first blush but would be your expectations with respect to gross margins on a year-over-year basis between 2009 and 2010 just kind of given what you know?
John A. Ornell : I think currency aside I guess I would say that the product movements that you described hopefully some growth in instruments next year versus this year to help cover some of the inflation on that front would certainly allow us to provide some organic improvement in gross margins on a year-over-year basis. Though, I have to say on the fx side, just given the outstanding performance of currency and kind of that perfect storm we’ve talked about coming through the first half of the year, it’s just unlikely from my perspective that that’s going to repeat itself or be in a position where we’re going to see that it doesn’t create a difficult base of comparison that’s probably going to eat away a significant amount of that organic improvement or more than that. I mean that has yet to be proven so I’d say for what we can manage on the gross margin side, I’m feeling very comfortable that we can deliver an improvement next year and it’s really going to come down to what the basket of currencies will do to us and that’s not something that’s easy to predict this early on.
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital (USA): So just kind of flowing that through and your commentary on cost as you move to 2010 and assuming as Doug said that you got some of the [inaudible], I mean historically you got quite a bit of leverage on mid to mid high single digit organic growth. Is it fair to say that moving in to 2010 expect a little less kind of earnings leverage relative to your history?
John A. Ornell : I mean that’s probably fair to say. I mean, we’ve done a lot of belt tightening certainly this year and so we’ve created a difficult base of comparison from that perspective. I don’t think we can ask the business to grow without some amount of investment next year so keeping in the traditional two or three percentage point gap between the growth in sales and the growth in expenses if we’re going to be somewhat cautious on the top line as we move in to next year is going to be a bit more difficult. So, I think it’s fair to say that we’re going to start off with a cautious perspective.  We hope that we’ll still be able to continue to provide some leverage between the growth in expenses and the top line. We’ll work to do that but it might not be quite as great as it’s been historically, that’s correct.
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital (USA): Then Doug, can you maybe just comment on a couple of end market dynamics, one you mentioned in your comments just recently that with respect to the announced mergers you don’t expect many surprises kind of moving in to next year. I’m just curious kind of what your sales people are saying with respect to those mergers and what kind of gives you that confidence and maybe what’s happening in the QAQC market there on a the pharma side. Then the second question has to do with this merger yesterday or this acquisition of Agilent and Varian and just kind of what impact, if any, you see from that and kind of pricing expectations, I guess of some of the generic and CRO customers you mentioned are under cost pressures.
Douglas A. Berthiaume : On the big pharma side, we clearly saw a little bit of a slowdown when they announced the [sharing] merger for example. But, subsequently we’ve seen very good performance out of the two parts of that equation. So, I think there’s some initial question marks but [inaudible] question marks in parts of those business get kind of grid locked. But, what’s happened is these businesses have for five, six years now been living largely hand to mouth. I think in various parts of the those businesses they’ve realized that they just can’t get more out of their equipment bases then there’s a diminishing return. Plus, in our particular case ACQUITY continues to gain share of mind as well as share of market and I think partly what you see happening with us in those large pharma accounts is ACQUITY staying strong while other more conventional technologies suffer. So, I really don’t think if you look at that industry broadly there’s too much more that they can [crawl] out of the [inaudible]. I think sooner rather than later we’re going to see some pent up replacement demand and hopefully that pent up replacement demand moves to ACQUITY rather than the more conventional technology. In fact, we know that’s happening in some cases, the question is does it happen more broadly. If you look at what’s happening in the analytical industry, the tool space, I think there’s clearly companies that are going to want to look to buy sales. I think you see some of that happening. I frankly don’t see how in the particular one you mentioned that the combined entity is going to be more competitive than the two entities on their own. The smaller company wasn’t a particularly competitor in the core liquid chromatography business. I think they probably do more in the GC business than the LC business, not particularly bid in the mass spectrometry world.  Obviously, they have a very strong position in MR. So I don’t see that changing a whole lot of competitive balance in the tool space. Probably they’re going to cut costs out of the combined entity and try to leverage their bottom line. But, that’s from reading the press releases so far.
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital (USA): Do you expect on the pricing though, I know that you said – I’m just saying you have generic and CROs, some of the companies that could grow faster do kind of base their services on lower costs, what is your kind of share outlook there? What’s it been? Do you think you’ve been gaining, losing, staying equal in share? 
Douglas A. Berthiaume : [Inaudible] you’re talking about Jon?
Jonathan Groberg – Macquarie Capital (USA): Yes.
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Those accounts are interestingly some of the least price competitive accounts. They’re looking for time to market, they’re looking for standardizing on the thing that gets them in to the market place the fastest. So, if you look specifically in India there are some competitors who try to compete on price. We still have the overwhelming market share and probably the highest priced provider. I just continue to tell you that I don’t see low price competition as being a key determinate of market share in our world. It just has never been the case, on the fringe it does operate in some segments of the market but not largely in the areas that we focus on.
Operator:  There are no other questions in the queue at this time.
Douglas A. Berthiaume : Thank you all for being here. We look forward to talking later on in the year. Thanks very much.
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for joining. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Berthiaume - Chairman, President and CEO John Ornell - CFO Gene Cassis - VP of IR
Analysts: Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Derik De Bruin - UBS Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan  
Operator:  Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter 2009 financial results conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume:  Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter financial results conference call. And with me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarters' highlights and then John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year, but before we get going, I would like John to cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements, regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q2 and full year 2009. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions that actual events or results may differ materially. For detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, and Part I under the caption 'Business Risk Factors.' We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release, conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 2009. During this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this morning, and our discussion with the results of operations were being referred to pro forma results which exclude the effect of [findings] such as those outlined in our schedule entitled, 'Reconciliation Of Net Income Per Share', included in this morning's press release. 
Douglas Berthiaume:  Okay. Thanks, John. Well, in the past couple of quarters, we have seen significant change in demand trends in our markets. Concerns about tightening capital markets were followed quickly by a souring global economy, compounding issues related to an already skittish pharmaceuticals spending environment. Certainly these turbulent times stress even the most successful business strategies, as slower demand and weaker visibility allow little flexibility for less than optimized business decision making. Though we have been through tough end markets before, none have matched the current environment, and I think thus our business model has been and is being subjected to a new test. I'm pleased to tell you that we are weathering this storm, and that in the first quarter, the agility and resiliency of our business has allowed us to deliver higher operating profits than earnings despite a top line that was under pressure. Our sales in the quarter were down 5% on a currency neutral basis, and we were able to deliver 7% earnings growth due to tight cost control, currency-related cost reductions, leverage from our share repurchase program, and favorable product and geographical mix. We benefited from investments in a global manufacturing and distribution strategy that allowed us in the quarter to more than offset the adverse top line effects of a stronger U.S. dollar with reduced British pound and Euro-based manufacturing and SG&A costs to yield a nice pickup in our margins. In addition, our global sales strategy that focuses on delivering innovative system-based solutions supports a market-leading pricing position that can be quarter after quarter seen in our superior gross margin. Looking at the top line, the strong performance of our recurring revenues, including our service and chromatography chemicals businesses help partially offset slower instrument sales. Over the years, our recurring revenue growth has remained fairly consistent and somewhat insensitive to the quarterly fluctuations we’ve seen in instrument demand. That dynamic has benefited us during the past couple of quarters and we expect to see this trend continue through 2009. In the first quarter of 2009, the calendar treated our recurring revenues kindly, and we estimate that more selling days added about one to two points of growth to our corporate sales. Instrument revenue saw our mid-teen decline in the quarter, as demand from industrial chemical accounts and from some developing countries was particularly weak. We attribute the weakness in chemical spending to global recessionary pressures, while declines in our sales in India and Eastern Europe, seem due to a combination of economic factors and significantly weakened local currencies. Looking at our instrument system business more closely, demand for high-end and application-focused systems was stronger than for more routine analysis instruments that were often purchased to replace older systems. Customer interest was strongest for our new mass spectrometry and ACQUITY instruments. Looking at our end markets, pharmaceutical segment sales growth was inline with the company’s overall performance, while weaker industrial sales were offset by stronger government and university spending. Among our larger pharmaceutical customers we saw some capital releases in the first quarter, while others are expected to begin spending later in the year. Overall, we enjoyed a slight growth that is a slight growth in large account spending in the quarter, compared with last year. So we feel that spending by large cap pharma remains relatively weak and that recent merger activity may inject more uncertainty in the capital spending plans. Our sales volumes to these accounts during the past two quarters suggest that business here is stabilizing. Geographically and within our more mature markets including Western Europe, North America and Japan, our currency neutral sales performance was balanced in the quarter, and declined at a mid-single digit grade. Currency neutral sales in the developing world finished with a similar growth rate, with growth in China offsetting weaknesses in India and smaller markets. Within China, sales to government agencies, universities and applied markets were strong. Weaker sales in India impacted our global pharmaceutical sales and the slower demand from firms there is largely associated with the rapid devaluation of the rupee and a strong-based quarter comparison. As we transact much of our business in India in US dollars, the weak rupee has resulted in customers having to delay orders while they re-budgeted to account for the higher dollar value to fund their capital purchases. Our TA Instruments division was affected by its high exposure to the chemicals and plastic industries. As you might expect, TA's core thermal product lines were pretty hard hit, as chemical suppliers to many consumer product manufacturers scaled back their spending. However, the division did see a nice pickup in service revenue and continued growth of new life science product lines. TA has significant new product introductions planned for later this year. However, despite TA's technological and market leading market positions, the next couple of quarters are likely to be challenging given the poor outlook for the global economy and the tough comparison to strong sales in 2008. Moving down to P&L, in the quarter, we carefully controlled our spending while targeting profitable business. While talk of steep discounting and price deflation seems to dominate the news these days, we have been able to maintain our pricing by focusing on the overall value proposition we offer our customers. We have found, in fact, that during these times of depressed capital budgets, customers appear more willing to purchase instrument systems that enhance their productivity and meaningfully enhance their research efforts than to settle for more generic capabilities at lower prices. [Within] Waters and recognizing the importance of continued technological leadership to our long-term business strategy we have maintained funding of our R&D program to insure timely delivery of new product introductions. Already this year, we had significant introductions at this year's Pittsburgh Conference. On the mass spec front, we showcased our Xevo platform and formerly introduced Xevo QTof and instruments that sets new standards for sensitivity and ease-of-use for high resolution accurate mass measurements. The Xevo QTof joins the Xevo TQ, tandem quadrupole system that we began shipping in 2008. Both instruments combine leading performance, ease-of-use and versatility in compact bench-top design. Customer acceptance of these new products has been very strong. This year's Pittsburgh Conference also marked the fifth anniversary of our ACQUITY UPLC system. It's hard to believe that five years in fact given the level of excitement that continues to surround ACQUITY UPLC technology and ACQUITY continues to transform the chromatography market. What's more exciting than looking back on what we have accomplished for ACQUITY is looking ahead toward where UPLC technology is going. At this point, it's clear to see that we have transformed the LC market and nearly all significant competitors are introducing systems that claim to leverage the performance advantages of sub-two micron particles. After five years and after many thousands of successful instrument placements, no competitor can offer the proven performance and application support that's only available from Waters. At this year's Pittsburgh Conference, we introduced new ACQUITY instrument configuration and also expanded UPLC column offerings. Our Trizaic, micro fluidic tile technology demonstrates the future direction for incorporating ACQUITY technology, within advanced mass spectrometry instruments while other [embodynance] of ACQUITY directed towards process control and quality assurance applications. In short, be assured that we continue to build on our ACQUITY success and plan for new and exciting innovations on this front in the quarters and years ahead. In the first quarter, we also announced the acquisition of Thar instruments, the world leader in supercritical fluid chromatography or SFC. SFC is a separation technology closely related to HPLC that primarily uses carbon dioxide as the mobile phase. SFC can be used to purify, as well as analyze a wide array of compounds that are soluble in carbon dioxide and can be interfaced with mass spectrometry. We were attracted to SFC due to its similarity to HPLC, it’s compatibility with mass spectrometry and because the technique is environmentally friendly. As we have found with the drastic reduction in solvent usage with our ACQUITY system, our customers are increasingly concerned with the cost and environmental impact of the reagents that they are using in their experiments.  Thar technology allows us to highlight our partnership with our customers on this green chemistry trend. In all, Thar represents the type of company that Waters is targeting on the M&A front. And that it's close to us technologically, very profitable and has top line growth potential to be accretive to our overall growth rate. During the quarter, our Board approved another $500 million stock repurchase plan and we continue to deploy our cash flow towards share repurchases in the quarter. Before I turn you over to John for a deeper look at our financials, I would like to say a few words about our outlook for the remainder of the year. I'm cautiously optimistic; emphasize 'cautious' about the second half of the year. Some day we may look and determine that the past two quarters were the most difficult for us in this recessionary period. However, what is certain is that we are in uncertain times. I am, however, encouraged by the potential for our new products in combination with higher research spending associated with various stimulus plans around the world. Already we have seen a significant pick up in quotation activity associated with plans in the United States. Most of the interest is for research mass spectrometry and ACQUITY UPLC. At this year's ASMS meeting in June, we are planning significant new product introductions that we feel will help attract additional stimulus spending in our direction. Finally, as we move into the second half of the year, we will have less difficult prior year comparisons as we begin to see tighter money and the weaker economy adversely affect our business in late 2008. Though quarterly demand for our markets may improve later this year, let me assure you that we will remain cautious and continue to manage our costs carefully. While many of the factors that have pressured our markets are clearly outside of our control, we will continue to do our best to manage our business to optimize our profitability and insure Waters long-term competitiveness. Thank you very much. Now I will turn it over to John.
John Ornell: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. First quarter sales declined by 10% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.74 this quarter compared to $0.69 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings was $0.75 this quarter compared to $0.67 this year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Reviewing Q1 sales results, sales were down 10% this quarter with currency translation representing 5% of this decline. Versus prior year, the first quarter had three more selling days than 2008, which we believe added between 1% and 2% to our overall sales growth this quarter. Looking at our sales growth, geographically and before foreign exchange effects, sales declined pretty much as expected with all of our regions feeling the impact of the global recession. Sales within the U.S. were down 6%, European sales were down 3%. Sales within Japan were down 7%, and sales in Asia outside of Japan declined by 6%. Turning to the product front, within the Waters division, instrument systems sales declined by 16%, and recurring revenues grew by 9% this quarter. Within our TA instruments division, the sales declined by 6% versus prior year. Now, I would like to comment on our non-GAAP financial performance. Gross margin was very strong this quarter and came in at 61.7% and versus prior year, the margins expanded by 350 basis points. This improvement was heavily affected by a very favorable combination of foreign exchange dynamics this quarter. In Japan, where the yen strength of 10% versus the U.S. dollar; we had favorable translation of our Japanese sales and no offsetting local manufacturing costs. In the UK, we have significantly more production than local sales and the British pound depreciated by 25% versus the U.S. dollar, significantly improving overall gross margins. Additionally, we experienced favorable product mix. There is a higher proportion of our sales, came from chemistry and services at high incremental margins especially given the headcount cost controls in place. And finally, we started the year with favorable results in our manufacturing operations with savings from lower warranty costs, freight savings through the use of ocean transport. Favorable price variances from vendors, all largely offsetting unfavorable manufacturing [bullied variances]. SG&A expenses declined 9% this quarter, compared to prior year, as a result of our actions to control expenses and currency translation effects. We took a strong position on expense control as we started the year, and plan to continue to hold back on discretionary spending in response to the depressed economic conditions we faced, and R&D expenses declined by 7% this quarter, as a result of currency translation effects. Income taxes came in on plan at about 18% this quarter. On a GAAP basis, our tax rate was reduced by the reversal of a $4.8 million tax provision relating to last year's legal entity restructuring, which based on recently addition to regulations is no longer required. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $431 million and debt totaled $588 million, bringing to us a net debt position of about $157 million. On the stock buyback front, we continue to purchase our shares in the open market; and during the first quarter, we purchased 1.7 million shares of our common stock, $64 million. We defined free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus a non-cash tax benefit for FAS 123(R) accounting, excluding unusual items. For Q1, free cash flow was $64 million after funding $22 million of CapEx, and excluding $6 million litigation fee. Capital expenditures will be lower later in the year as we complete construction of our new TA facility in Delaware by mid-year. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 76 days this quarter, and bettered the Q1 last year by resulting from favorable foreign currency translation. Inventories were $18 million, from year-end, as is typical at this point in the year. Before I update our guidance for 2009, let me put our forecast in perspective. This is the results we just delivered. The difficult economic conditions we faced in Q1 are expected to persist throughout the year. We plan to continue to hold back wherever possible on discretionary spending, but doing so could prove more difficult as the year goes on, so I expect some additional spending will be required in the second half of the year. Current foreign exchange environment could continue to provide improved gross margins on reduced sales, by and large; we discounted that in this guidance, given the unusual currency movements that produced that in our first quarter result. I believe the cautious posture is warranted, given the economic backdrop we face and [baking] a continuation of all of [our few unfavorabilities] into our full year guidance, this early in the year was not prudent. So for 2009, we believe our recurring revenues will continue to provide a level of stability in our business and are likely to grow at mid-single digit rates during the year.  Instrument demand is expected to be down mid-single to low-double digits for the full year. Overall, we are expecting sales to be down, between down 4% and up 1% before currency effects. Foreign exchange translation will reduce 2009 sales growth by about 4% at current rates. Therefore, on a reported basis, we are expecting sales to decline by between 3% and 8% for the full year 2009. Moving down to P&L, we expect gross margins to be up 2008 as a result of the factors I described earlier. Currency translation benefits have been discounted, as I said earlier, and product mix will become less favorable as instrument sales volume [decreases]. For the full year, we now expect to see a margin improvement of around 150 basis points. Operating expenses are expected to decline at a rate above or equal to sales. We expect our operating tax rate to be in the neighborhood of 18%, and net interest expense is expected to be in the neighborhood of $13 million. And our fully diluted average outstanding share count for the full year 2009 is currently estimated to be about 96 million shares. Rolling all of this together, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings for fully diluted share to be in the range of $2.95 and $3.30 per share with sales declining between 3% and 8%. For Q2, we expect our currency neutral sales to again decline at a rate near to the bottom of our 2009 full-year sales range, and as a result of the difficult economic conditions, and a difficult base comparison versus Q2 last year. And the current exchange rates, currency translation will reduce sales growth by about 5%. Considering the factors, non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share for the second quarter are expected to be between $0.75 and $0.79.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, John. Operator, I think we can now open it up for Q&A.
Question-and-Answer:
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we are ready to begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: A couple of things; first one, can you kind of walk through in more detail what happened on the gross margin side in terms of how we netted the improvement that we saw in terms of headwinds on volume, how much was FX? And how much was cost control?
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure. If we look at the margin impact, FX was the biggest player of this quarter. If we look at the yen, the yen was up about 10% on a year-over-year basis, and that probably provided around us $3 million sales pickup with no corresponding increase in cost of sales. We have no manufacturing ops there. The British pound was down 25% versus the dollar, so our cost of sales was higher. And mass spec products did very well in the quarter. It was depressed and that probably added another $3 million to $4 million of net benefit to the gross margins. And then just the mix of high-end mass spec chemistry sales versus U.S. dollar cost production, which was proportionately lower, I added a little bit more to that as well. So, you know, above that somewhere between 75% and 80%, perhaps of the overall benefit, so it is associated with these dynamics in currency mix that I'm describing. In addition to that, product mix was favorable. As I had said, we have a different proportion this quarter of chemistry, services.  There weren't a lot of costs added to those operations for the incremental margin is pretty rich, and we had some savings within the manufacturing ops world as well, there were a couple of engineering cost reductions that went into place. We had lower freight costs. We switched some of our shipments to ocean freight. We had lower warranty costs, all of which tended to offset the volume of currencies that we otherwise would have seen. In addition to all of that, we had incredibly stable pricing around the world. So while I was a little fearful [whether we on would] see some pressure on the price side, that did not materialize in the quarter whatsoever.
John Ornell: And Marshall, I just might add that 30,000-foot perspective on this currency issue. I think one of the dynamics of the Waters, the way we run our business is over the last 15 years we have added most of our incremental manufacturing capacity outside the United States. So we're manufacturing in local currencies. In Ireland, it's somewhat in the Far East, and importantly in Manchester with our mass spec product line. What that means is that in those years when the dollar was quite weak, we had a lot of manufacturing costs. So you didn't see our bottom line being that much favorably impacted by a weak dollar. Now when you got a period of a strong dollar, we have these natural hedges built into the way we run our business that provide, in this case, surprisingly greater upside because of the way the pound moved versus everything else.  But it's fundamentally related to our long-term notion that we want to balance our manufacturing and our sales to a much greater degree than I think most companies in our position are able to do, and besides that we get the net result of substantial tax advantages by doing that too. So it's all a result of that strategy that you are seeing some of the benefits come through in this P&L.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Absolutely, that makes sense. Just a couple other things on the top line. So the consumables at 9%, was there anything special this quarter or anything kind of that pushed that number a little bit above expectations?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think the only thing special versus what I’d call a normal quarter is that we had a few more selling days in the first quarter of '09 versus '08. And that affects, to some degree, our service revenue, because you got more days for service guys to bill their time. It's a little hard to see how many of those flow through depending on Easter one year to the next year. That's why we think overall, that dynamic affected us one to two points in our growth rate. But other than that there was nothing unusual in our recurring revenue dynamic.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, and then just one other question on the selling days issue. The quarter ended April 4th, so was that just how the calendar fell for you? And then are we going to sort of give back those three days next quarter or how is that going to work? Did you guys decide to close it on the 4th?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes.
John Ornell: Yes. When you have the year starting on a Thursday like this, you got to make a call as to how many full weeks you’re going to put in the quarter, and then we have 13-week quarters in Q2 and 3. And then whatever you’ve done to yourself in the first quarter falls out in the fourth. So these days that we picked up in the first quarter will fall out in the fourth quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume: But, Marshall, it is consistent with how we’ve done it over 15 years.
John Ornell: Way the calendar falls.
Douglas Berthiaume: The way the calendar falls this year and next year it will be a little more consistent.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thanks, Marshall.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: So I'm trying to get a sense for kind of the optimism about the second half pickup. When you look at the commentary at a pharma, and that's big pharma, small pharma. Aside from the obvious on the M&A front, you are hearing a lot about portfolio rationalization taking down R&D spend significantly, headcount significantly, based on poor return on capital. I'm trying to rationalize that versus some of the comments about stabilization. We’re seeing obviously some pretty big instability in the CROs in their result, which obviously is part of that pharma customer base, so I'm kind of curious on your assumptions there. It seems like you think that that's going to be stable through the year. And then on the industrial and chemical side, are we assuming kind of the flat lines from Q1 levels or are we assuming some pickup in the back half of the year, in some of those traditional industrial markets?
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay. That's a lot to pack in, but I’ll try to handle it, and John can [comment] on the other side. First of all, on the big pharma side, Ross, our results were actually pretty stable. Our big pharma customers actually grew this quarter, and that's the dynamic that we saw in the fourth quarter too. So if you look at the top 20 large pharmas around the world, actually there we saw most of their rationalization of their business happen prior to that period. Now, I won't tell you that it's all behind us, but one of our dynamics is we've been so intense in those accounts that we saw a factor of that really early on. The other thing is those accounts have been really focusing on productivity, and how to really drive their important processes faster and more importantly. And we’ve actually seen a lot of success in our new capabilities in all facets, ACQUITY, mass spectrometry, and data; and making penetration into those accounts, so we’re not anticipating that that drives up dramatically over the rest of the year, but we’re not seeing the kind of pressure that maybe some others are seeing in some of those applications.  Secondly, we believe that there will be a stimulus impact in the rest of the year. It probably isn’t second quarter; it's a second half dynamic. We’ve certainly seen stimulus programs passed by the U.S., by China, by Brazil; it's really Western Europe that’s probably seen almost nothing on the stimulus front coming from. So we haven't banked a lot of stimulus money into our outlook, but if you want to look at a reason to be a little more optimistic, I think the stimulus spending will provide some [H-factor] in what we are looking at. CROs clearly have been under pressure. They are under significant pressure in India and these results show negative results from CROs. But once again, our discussions with CROs say that where they are going to spend is going to be on the high productivity, high throughput range, where we think we have very competitive systems. So all in the question of whether the combination of CROs and pharmaceutical is going to go dramatically down from where they are now. I think if we are not at the bottom, we don't think that there is a whole, hell of a lot of room to drive that capital spend down much further. If you look at the developing areas that were very soft in the first quarter, you're talking about areas like Poland, Czech Republic, India; where they had pretty dramatic currency dynamics even more so than the Euros zone or other areas of world. We saw demand be dramatically affected as a result of that, and our discussions, our most recent discussions is that those accounts and those economies are working their way through how to create money available to support their business plans, particularly in India. The underlying volume in those generic pharmas in India is up like 25% or 30% in the past quarter. But their results are dramatically affected by liabilities that are non-rupee denominated and currency dynamics that they have to move through. But if you look at 30% to 35% demand increases there, somehow they’ve got to fund the capabilities of increasing their output, and we feel like over the next several quarters, we'll see a more normalization of the demand in those quarters.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: And just to be clear, Doug, when you talk about the impact of the stimulus, you are assuming this impacts both the industrial and the academic sides of your business or just (inaudible) UPLC into academic.
Douglas Berthiaume: Principally Life Science and the academic in the government lab area.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Was there any, John, just quickly was there any impact from M&A in the quarter on the top line? 
John Ornell: Yes, the acquisition of Thar added about $2 million or so of sales. It was probably a few hundred thousand of sales for the TA as well that were incremental year-over-year.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And going forward, Thar should be something like $4 million to $5 million a quarter?
John Ornell: Yes, something in that range.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: I mean, you said the annual was $20 million, right?
John Ornell: Yes. That’s correct.
Operator: The next question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Could you give us a little update on the impact of the acetonitrile shortage? Are you seeing any impact in terms of maybe increased adoption or switching of compliance to ACQUITY?
Douglas Berthiaume: Frankly, Quintin, I think if you gauge the amount of discussion on the part of our, particularly our significant customers, the answer is, it's definitely got their attention. Frankly, if you ask me to point to actual orders that are coming in as a result of it, it's a little harder. I think that this is still a building momentum that we've seen some impact of customers, but I don't think we've seen the real impact that's still to come. There's no reason to believe that the acetonitrile shortage is going to be impacted anytime soon, it's affected by a dynamics outside the laboratory industry as you know, acetonitrile is a byproduct of acrylonitrile production, and that’s dramatically affected by industrial demands. And so the cost of acetonitrile is up significantly. That's probably still only being significantly felt by a number of these customers as we speak, and I expect it to have a significant impact, but I don't think I can say that it's significantly affected our current order run rate. 
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: That's interesting. So then in this quarter, where you had really strong consumables and services, and I understand the service component with the extra dates, but on the consumable side and column usage then, it just sounds like that even with the shortage, even with the macroeconomy, your customers must be across board still doing day-to-day business.  
Douglas Berthiaume: I think one of the things that perhaps isn't as well understood about our consumables business is it's not a catalog business that’s full of relative, a mix of low value added items, and perhaps PH meters and things like that that are perhaps even more instrument kind of related. Particularly with ACQUITY, that's a much more captive stream. And of course, every ACQUITY instrument that we put into place increases that run rate of ACQUITY consumables. Now ACQUITY is still the smaller part of our overall chemistry consumables line, but it's a much faster growing piece. And together with the baseline of throughput in the QA/QC marketplace, requiring quality control of drug output, you know, we've never seen and didn't anticipate a dramatic fall-off in our chemistry sales.
Operator: The next question comes from Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: First question will be just [felt] little bit on the stimulus money, and I’m wondering maybe on a relative basis how you compare your exposure to stimulus dollars that are maybe in the healthcare segment, and then perhaps outside of healthcare sources. You know, so if not maybe on an absolute basis, I know that's a hard number to come across, but maybe relative.
John Ornell: I would just say that most of what we see in terms of quotes that we’re actually making, which are substantial. In the product sense or in our highest value added systems, that’s high-end mass spectrometry and ACQUITY-based systems and the great preponderance of them are what we call Life Science applications. They are in NIH-supported laboratories. They are in medical centers, hospital medical centers, and in government laboratories. That's where the preponderance interest is, I’d say.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. And then if we just look back historically just to take this one step further, I think for a lot of, just today, it looks like a lot of the grant applications for the NIH-related dollars are due now or thereabout. So if you just look back historically at government-funding, how would you parse it out between health care versus non-health care type applications?
John Ornell: The mix is heavily weighted towards life sciences, healthcare, if you will. Breaking it down any further than that within life science is difficult, but there is really [no way of] looking on the industrial side, if that's where you’re headed. The only thing that I’d say which is an interesting fact, I think most of this stimulus money, almost all of it is going to go to support existing investigators, that funding new investigators with [new] NIH grants, in the area of life sciences is not where it's targeting. If you don't have an existing approved investigator, existing grant that you’re looking to augment, my guess is you are not going to get much stimulus money.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. And then just on customer exposure, you mentioned before top 20 accounts, without getting too specific, could you give us a sense of how those top 20 accounts might be broken up between branded versus generic drug companies and then maybe CROs.
John Ornell: Almost all branded ethical pharmaceuticals.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. And then just lastly thinking about the pharma, M&A outlook, I know it's a lot of moving parts here. But just if you can remind us how that marketplace impacted equipment sales, not chemistry but specific equipment, in the '02 and '03 timeframe as just sort of a reference point relative to what we might see this time of around.
Douglas Berthiaume:  Well, I think what we have seen historically is that, two large pharmas come together there is normally a quarter or two of reduced, if you looked at the two independently versus the two combined, there's a couple of quarters of reduced instrument purchases historically that then moves through and you see the line returning to a more historical level of growth, if they hadn't combined to start with. It's not clear. I mean, you’ve got so many other dynamics that are entering the picture now with much more generic competition, much more cost control on the part of these companies. The fact that they are coming off five years of independent cost controls in a lot of the areas, I think the interesting part is in the quarter just completed, with some fairly major kind of consolidation activities underway; those major accounts grew in the mid-single digits. So, you know, as I said, I think the significant depressed conditions in big pharma have been apparent for a while. We’ve come through two quarters now where our actual demand from those accounts grew. So I don't think that there is a whole lot of room for major downsides.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay. And then just lastly looking at your earnings guidance, you know, you obviously put up a good number this quarter and then next quarter is above the street. If you just kind of take the back half of the year and assume earnings are flat year-over-year, it would tell me, it would suggest to me at least that your guidance looks pretty conservative. So I mean, without putting words into your mouth, can you say whether or not you feel pretty confident that your full-year guidance is pretty achievable, given all the uncertainty you mentioned?
John Ornell: Yes. I guess, I would say that all of the difficulties that we talked about in forecasting coming out of the fourth quarter, moving into the first quarter and as we sit here today, you know, life isn't dramatically clearer. Yes, there's some reason for optimism, based on stimulus money and perhaps a few other factors, but I would say it's unclear exactly when we’re going to pull out of this, so I just want to be as conservative as I can, as we are living through difficult times and as we always do, we hope we have more up side than down in the numbers that we put out there, but I think we have a realistic forecast that we are going to stick by.
Operator: The next question comes from Derik De Bruin with UBS.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Can you talk a little bit about the capital budget releases of your customers and, just I'm trying to get a sense of the money going for new instrumentation, placement, and I’m ultimately trying to get here is how much of your equipment business is replacement and then if you kind of look at the big pharma mergers that have happened, I guess, were these all big Waters account as a percent of this is going to be a surplus of instruments once the deals were closed and then even going to be potentially be a little longer in getting the stuff through the system than you would have expected?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I guess the best way for me to answer it is to put it in the context of the period that I have seen that's been most like this, which would have been the early '90s. And in that period you had some pharmaceutical mergers. You had a great deal of concern about government policies. You had pressure on margins, and you had significantly reduced capital budgets. And the capital budgets that were most affective during that period, and I think it's similar in this period are the QA/QC capital budgets, where companies in that period made a decision to long out their replacement cycles. And a lot of our big accounts have absolute qualities to say at five years or six years or seven years they change out all their instruments that hit those time deadlines, and they pretty rigorously during regular periods then go through a replacement cycle. In the '93, ‘94 timeframe, we clearly saw them move from that and they longed out their replacement cycle. We see some of those dynamics going on in recent times. We don't see it so much going into important strategic programs, strategic R&D programs, where they are looking to significantly increase or change their processes, improve their productivity. But with just regular replacement cycles, we definitely see some pressure on them longing that out. So that's kind of where I’d say we probably see a similar dynamic.  I happen to think that in the long run, we’re probably going to see the same thing. You may remember back in the '90s, we saw almost a couple of years of reduced replacement demand, and then from ‘95 to the end of the ‘90s, granted it was only one dynamic, but we saw pent up replacement demand kick in. I wouldn't be surprised to see some element of that as we move through the next two or three years.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Okay. Hey, John, you guided towards, I heard you correctly, [$30 million] in net interests?
John Ornell: Yes.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: What's going to draw, you ended like 2.2 this quarter. What’s going to drive up the interest expense this year?
John Ornell: Our debt was very short this quarter. So we had an effective interest rate of just a percent and a half, and I was just a little nervous extrapolating for the entire year interest at that rate. So I think the rate will more likely [to pay on] debt as we go through the second half of the year, it will be somewhat higher bringing us to the $14 million.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Okay. Thanks.
John Ornell: Yes.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: And I guess when I kind of look at the gross margin number, obviously, the unusual FX and mix contributions that are happening in this quarter and rest of the year are going to roll over. I guess, when you see FX, and things in the business would similarly normalize, how should we look at the gross margin in 2010 and out there? That 150, is the gain sustainable?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I mean, yes. You got to anniversary it. You are not going to be able to repeat it. However, I would just point out that predicting what currency markets are going to do and, you know, the relationships that exist today between the Pound and the Dollar and the Euro is such an oddity that, you know, it's just too difficult, I guess I would say to predict what 2010 is going to really look like until we at least we make our way through the September quarter end.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Okay, fair enough. And then there is one final question. I wasn't surprised to hear that your instrumentation was down mid-teens, did I hear you correctly say that organically the TA was only down 6%?
John Ornell: Yes, that’s true. They were based on small amount of acquisition activity. It would have been nine without that. And even that you could argue is a surprising result given the market; and our estimates for the next couple of quarters is that that business is more likely to be down mid-teens based on what we see. So I think we just didn't see the full impact of the business conditions that are out there affecting the business in the fourth quarter. They also had a pickup in their business to academic. They have a pretty significant piece of business that's down almost a third and their pharma business did relatively well in the first quarter also.
Douglas Berthiaume: And also, your TA has about 25% of their business on service that tends to be up very resistant to the downturn also. So they’ve got a bit of a pushing now.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Okay. And I guess then so what was the weakest instrumentation line? Was it the, I assume, the HPLC business.
John Ornell: Yes, I think that's fair to say. 
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Yes.
Douglas Berthiaume: The replacement, if you see HPLC business is the one most under pressure. While it may not be second quarter, we think that’s at a low point.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Maybe just to start with a quick follow-up to one of Derik's last questions, how much industrial exposure is there in the Waters division?
John Ornell: If you count the chemical business, that's probably somewhere between maybe 8% to 10%, we tend to say that 75% of our business is Life Science, 25% is Industrial, if you will, but India is environmental, food safety. By the time you really [pare] out the chemical, the industrial chemical bit of that, it's close to 10%.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks for that. And then I want to try to get a better handle on momentum coming out of the quarter. A lot of commentary from your competitors was pretty bleak, January and February. I think many would assert that you guys didn't sound so positive in the early part of March. So did something materially change in mid-March versus how you thought things were coming together in advance of that point in the quarter; and what does this mean in terms of momentum you had heading into Q2?
Douglas Berthiaume:
 [: There's a mix of companies. You know, Japan is all old, traditional, Japanese pharma; it's not the biggest pharmaceutical companies. And Japan has been coming off of a couple of years of very tough conditions in our world. So you got a mix of what was in the base and what's coming. Western Europe was encouraging with the flow of interest coming out of Western Europe. And while the shipments were able to drive through in Western Europe and the U.S. were consistent with kind of our outlook, maybe a little bit more of underlying optimism. I hesitate to use the word 'optimism' because we're clearly not really optimistic, but versus our previous expectations, a little bit more strength than we might have expected to see.
John Ornell: The only thing I’d add to that is I think as we have said, particularly in the first quarter, you wait for capital releases. You wait for capital budgets to be released for the year and, working through the start of this difficult year, I might look a little less well because I was holding my breath waiting for the capital releases to make it through the end of the quarter and they did. But it wasn't obvious as we made our way through the entire quarter that that was going to occur.
Doug Berthiaume: The other thing that it's more mix dynamic is that, we see a lot of interest in our higher value-added systems. ACQUITY and the new high-end mass spectrometry, it just seems to be a lot of interest. Now we’ll see whether we can convert that into orders and shipments. But particularly, late in the quarter, where customers kind of had a much better handle on what they’d have to spend. We’re surpassing a surprising degree of, again, interest I’d say I had fall short of optimism, but interest.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: All right. I really appreciate your candor. That was really helpful, and I think we all recognize that in this environment optimism is a relative term. The academic research market, that's historically been a smaller part or I guess I should say a smaller percentage of your sales. Do you envision having to make some incremental investments or shifting people around to better position yourself in this end market given the common stimulus fund there?
Doug Berthiaume: We think we’re pretty well situated to cover that. Yes, we are always, balancing territory. Last year, we went through a lot because, we have had to consistently look at this big pharma dynamic and see how our sales and service support for them versus emerging biotech and the CROs, et cetera. So it's more on the margin that we have to do it, Doug. It's not a major restructuring that we finally have to go through. I think we’ve been pretty conservative in how we have allocated resources. We’ve been very tight with headcount adds because overall our instrument placements were under pressure. So, we are going to be careful with how quickly we add. We think we have got the capacity to cover the existing [bullets of] business. Frankly, I think on the service side we may be under pressure to add a few more service people if we continue to keep up with this level of service. We’ll be tighter on the sales side, I think.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company:  Okay. And last question, I have already got a few e-mails from folks regarding selling days and the impact in the quarter. I just want to make sure this assertion is correct. I think, it will be helpful for people to understand it if it is. The benefit you get from additional selling days, that’s really mostly pronounced at the chemistry line, it really doesn't have as much of an impact for services and instrument line?
Doug Berthiaume: [Jump on those] service line and then on the chemistry line.
John Ornell: But really, we would say almost nothing on the instrument line.
Doug Berthiaume: Operator, I think we have time for one more question and then we will have to close the call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our final question will come from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Hey, thanks for taking the call. Maybe just an additional color on pharma, because you’ve talked in the past about some of the pharma companies standardizing on ACQUITY, I think AstraZeneca has done it. And I’m just wondering as you look at the year ahead you talked a little about cautious optimism. Are your discussions with pharma getting a little bit more strategic about standardizing around ACQUITY?
Doug Berthiaume: The simple answer Tycho is yes. I would say we have seen a high level of interest in almost all of big pharma. A couple of big pharmas, I think we’re going to be in position to announce similar to the one you mentioned, but in this climate, again, you have to right till the very end, you have to be careful about whether they say, if I make that plunge, I have got to commit more capital, even though it will pay itself back in two or three years. Until I see the PO, I'm not ready to declare victory, but this certainly, if somebody asked the question, why are you a little more optimistic, there is such a great deal of interest in ACQUITY, that I think some of that has got to pay a dividend.
Tycho Peterson – JPMorgan: And have you seen any impact from kind of inventory management? I mean we have seen some companies talk about destocking and obviously it's a different dynamic when you are talking about glass slides versus columns, but are you seeing tighter inventory management by your pharma customers.
Doug Berthiaume: A little bit, I’d say, probably not a huge amount. We know we saw some in some of our big CRO customers in India, for instance. So yes, I think a part of, a little bit of optimism as we go further on in the year, as we don't think that there can be much more of that inventory management, but I don't think it's been a huge piece of shortfall for us.
Tycho Peterson – JPMorgan: And then, can you just comment on the competitive landscape? We had a handful of triple quads come out at ASMS last year and can you just update what you are seeing competitively. Do you anticipate you are going to continue to take share going forward or how do you look at the market?
Doug Berthiaume: Well, I think, it's a very competitive industry and we have got worthy mass spec competitors. I think the mass spec universe is more competitive than the chromatography universe. I think it's much more of an oligarchy in the chromatography world. I think we are particularly happy with our current positioning in the mass spec world, and from what we see from customers and what we think we are going to see at ASMS, we are very happy. That doesn't mean that we think we have got the world by the horn. Well, horn is probably the wrong part of the anatomy. But it's a very competitive world. Others are going to introduce products. It's a very healthy, competitive world, but I think compared to some years, I feel more comfortable this year than perhaps I have in some years.
Doug Berthiaume: You're welcome. Operator, I think we will let these kind people get back to their regular jobs now.
Operator: Okay. Thank you, sir. That will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect your lines at this time.
Doug Berthiaume: Thank you all. We'll see you next quarter.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter financial results conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at his time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Berthiaume: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2008 financial results conference call. With me on today's call as usual is John Ornell, the company’s Chief Financial Officer and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the business highlights and John will follow with details on our financial results and then provide you with our outlook for the first quarter and the full year 2009. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q1 and full year 2009. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions that actual events or results may differ materially. For detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, Part I under the caption 'Business Risk Factors.' We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release, conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2009. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as, so as outlined in our schedule titled reconciliation of net income per share included in this month’s press release.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, John. In the fourth quarter we reported flat organic sales growth and a 9% increase in adjusted earnings per share during what was clearly a very difficult economic environment. Despite the lower than originally anticipated sales volume, the strength of our business model enabled us to maintain our operating profitability and we finished the year with record annual free cash flow. Though we believe that sales growth in 2009 remains challenging for our business, we are confident in our ability to adapt to these rather difficult economic conditions, while we continue to make the critical technology of product development investments that'll help ensure our long-term strength in the marketplace. The top line trends that we saw in the fourth quarter included a softening in demand by industrial chemical customers primarily in the U.S. and Western Europe and the loss of purchasing power experienced by our customers in many developing countries caused by the adverse effects of a rapidly appreciating U.S. dollar. Somewhat offsetting these pressures, we saw stable growth in our recurring revenues and continued strong demand in China. Reviewing our business with industrial chemical customers, we estimate that around 15% of our sales come from worldwide chemical and plastic manufacturers. These companies are in many instances the suppliers of bulk materials used in many consumer electronic goods, automobiles, and in building construction. Within these companies are products that are used primarily for new product development and in some cases for quality assurance. During most of the past couple of years, our business with these firms has grown nicely as they invested new technologies. This growth has been most apparent in our TA instruments division. In the fourth quarter we saw a downturn in instrument demand from these customers, as concerns about weakening economic conditions resulted in budgetary cutback. But we are confident that researchers in these firms appreciate the advantages of our new technology instruments. We also expect that capital will be tight, so concerns about the deepening global recession at bay and times of a recovery and consumer demand begin to surface. In the mean time we will focus our efforts on promoting the advantages of our technologies and improving both research and manufacturing efficiencies within Water. We will also position the advantages of our new instrument systems and facilitating environmentally friendly processes and in complying with product safety tests. We look at the effects of currency. The strengthening U.S. dollar had a negative effect on our revenues in the fourth quarter. We transact about a third of our business in the European Union and the rapid appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Euro, with the principle factor that drove the 4% reduction in reported sales due to currency translation. However, the appreciation of the dollar also affected our businesses in parts of the developing world, where we transact sales in U.S. dollars. Local currencies experienced even more significant devaluations than the Euro. In these markets, including India, Korea some smaller Latin American and Asian countries budgets they were improved in local currencies became insufficient to purchase capital goods. Consequently we saw lower than expected demand for our products. We are hopeful that some of this business will materialize in 2009, as budgets are realized to reflect the new exchange rates. Looking at some growth drivers in the quarter. Our business in China was very strong and broad based within applications there. The Government there continues to fund research initiatives and a large range of applications. In addition concerns about product and food safety issues such as the recently well publicized melamine contamination problems continued to drive new instrument sales. As our sales based in China continues to expand, sustaining rapid sales growth rates actually become more of a challenge. However, at this time we are encouraged that we'll be able sustain growth in China over the next few years as we see a long term commitment to modernization from both governmental and private industry customers. Our sales highlights, in the fourth quarter, were the strength of our recurring revenue lines. As you may recall, these products and services primarily addressed the needs of the large global installed base of HPLC and UPLC usage. Sales growth from these lines in the fourth quarter largely offset the declines we saw from instrumentation. Within our chromatography chemistry offerings we saw a very strong growth for our ACQUITY columns suggesting nearly total capture of the column business ACQUITY UPLC instruments. As the base of ACQUITY instruments continues to expand, we are encouraged that the ACQUITY columns will positively contribute to the growth in profitability of our company. Looking at our business geographically a strong performance from China allowed for overall double digit growth in Asia. In Japan, we saw a marginal expansion in sales in the fourth quarter in what has been a though market environment for us. Our business in the United States suffered from the effects of the economic downturn during the fourth quarter and most customer segments had negative sales results. Weakness in capital markets followed by concerns of a deepening recession contributed to the weaker demand in the U.S. Globally, pharmaceutical sales were down slightly in the quarter compared to 2007; the weakness already resided in India combined with softer capital spending in the U.S. were key factors in suppressing revenue growth. In the quarter we did see large multisystem orders for ACQUITY from large customers and expect to see more large UPLC orders in 2009. Demand from CROs, smaller biotech companies and generic houses were not as strong as in earlier quarters and large pharma was about flat quarter. Other customer segment dynamics have interest in the quarter include continued strong uptake for the instrument systems for food safety testing in Asia and for medical diagnostic applications. Turning now to our major product lines, overall our LC and MS instrumentation platform saw similar demand trends in the quarter. The migration towards UPLC technology continued in the quarter while companies appeared to be longing out replacement of systems running legacy HPLC methods. In the quarter we benefitted from initial shipments of our recently introduced Xevo Tandem Quadrupole Mass Spectrometer. Customers have been very receptive to the unique combination of high performance and the use of evaporation that this new system offers. Designed to leverage the advanced separation performance of UPLC, we feel that Xevo is the ideal platform for emerging applications such as food and environmental testing, and for classical [admi] and PK testing to support clinical trial studies. Sales for high resolution mass spec including our Synapt platform were impacted by a tougher spending environment for large ticket instruments. After growing at a double digit rate through the first three quarters of 2008, our TA instruments division saw a modest decline in sales for the quarter due to a tougher spending environment in the chemical industry. As I mentioned earlier today, many chemical firms especially in the U.S. significantly cut capital spending in the fourth quarter. We believe that we maintained or gained market share in the quarter and feel we have the strongest thermal and rheology product line in the industry. Also we saw very nice growth in our recently acquired microcalorimetry line and feel that growth in this life science directed business will offset continued weakness in the industrial segments. Before passing on to John, I’d like to comment on our overall financial and operating performance in 2008. For the full year, we achieved 20% adjusted earnings per share growth, accompanied by free cash generation at record levels. Our ability to post these results in light of an obviously tightening global economy and following the 2007 performance, where sales grew by 15% and where earnings per share also grew by 20%, clearly indicates the strength and resiliency of our business strategy. Our new product flow was strong, particularly in mass spectrometry technology and our application focus in areas such as food safety testing, clinical diagnostics and life science research allowed us to solidify strong foundations in business segments with high growth potential. Geographically, we continue to expand in our developing markets in Asia and Latin America. Then these markets would have made investments to provide better service and support and a rapidly growing base of customers. Operationally, we managed to improve our profitability by controlling expenses and reducing manufacturing costs. We finished the year with a strong balance sheet, as we used our cash flow to reduce our net debt, execute a share repurchase program and continue M&A efforts. Our M&A activity, was consistent with our strategy and we added complementary product lines to our existing operating divisions. In closing, I’d like to say a few words about 2009. I think it’s apparent to all of us that 2009 will be a challenging year, as it is not yet clear when we will begin a global economic turnaround. For at least the first half of the year, we have and we'll continue to take steps to manage our expenses to minimize the bottom-line effects of anticipated lower sales. Rest assured though, that we will continue to invest in new development programs and maintain our leading customer support structure to ensure we are well positioned to enjoy the rewards of stronger end markets when they materialize. In the past, periods of slower growth were followed by recovery periods that suggested an underlying fairly continuous market demand for the instrument system technologies that we offer. Now it is hard to say if there is a comparable precedent for the kind of weakness that we are seeing. However please understand that we are continuing to invest in new product developments and that we will maintain our leading customer support structure in order to ensure that we will be well positioned to enjoy the rewards of stronger end-markets when they materialize. Thank you and here's John with a more detailed financial update.
John Ornell: Okay, thank you Doug. Good morning everyone. Now fourth quarter sales declined by 4% and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.07 this quarter [compared] to earnings of $0.98 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $1.01 this quarter compared to $0.96 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings included in our press release issued this morning. One item of note here is a $6.5 million pre-tax charge for our patent litigation provision based on a recent judgment [Agilent Technologies]. This result has no impact on our future product sales or financial performance. Reviewing Q4 sales results, sales were flat organically and currency reduced reported sales by about 4 percentage points this quarter. Now, looking at corporate sales growth regionally, without foreign exchange effects. Sales within the U.S. were down 10% this quarter, to resolve the weak instrument demand from industrial accounts and a strong prior period of comparison. Within Europe, sales were up 5%; sales within Japan were up 2%; and sales in Asia, outside of Japan remained strong and were up 17%. Turning to the product front within the Waters division, instrument sales declined by 5% and recurring revenues grew by 7% this quarter. Within our TA Instruments division, sales declined by 2% versus the prior year. Now we'd like to comment on our non-GAAP financial performance. Gross margin remained strong this quarter, came in at 58.9% versus prior year margins expanded by about 50 basis points. While currency translation reduced volumes this quarter, there was a beneficial effect on the gross margin rate as the British Pound declined significantly versus the Dollar and Euro this quarter, making the sales of our mass spec products produced in Manchester profitable. Additionally, all the cost productions continued to favorably impact margins this quarter. SG&A expenses declined slightly compared to prior year, as a result of favorable foreign translations. R&D expenses declined modestly, likewise from favorable currency translation effects and also the timing of the project expenses. Income taxes came in favorable to plan this quarter, as a result of higher legal entity profits and tax payment jurisdictions, dramatic movements in key currency relationships across the quarter, reduced foreign exchange gains, lower tax offshore entities and offsetting losses in our U.S. legal entity. While these gains and losses amounted to a smaller balance for the entire company, they did significantly benefit the tax rate for the fourth quarter in 2008. On the balance sheet, cash in short term investments totaled $428 million and debt totaled $536 million bringing us to a net debt position of about a $108 million. As I described in last quarters call our early October debt repayments actions reduced our cash and debt balances by about $490 million from ending Q3 levels providing a more conservative capital structure in these non-certain economic times. On the stock buyback front, we continue to purchase our shares in the open market and during the fourth quarter, we purchased 635,000 shares of our common stock for $26 million. But at full year 2008 we purchased 4.1 million shares for $235 million. We define free cash flow as cash from operations plus capital expenditures plus saving non-cash tax benefits from FAS 123(NYSE:R) accounting excluding any individual non-recurring items. For full year 2008, free cash flow was up 13% over 2007, a record high of $369 million after funding $69 million of CapEx, nearly back $7 million of FAS 123(R) accounting and excluding a $12 million payment associated with transition from pension plan to a 401(k) plan in the U.S. Comparable free cash flow in Q4 2008-2007 was $91 million and $87 million respectively. Accounts receivables day’s sales outstanding stood at 63 days this quarter, three days better then Q4 last year. The inventories were down $3 million year-over-year and down more substantially in the quarter. Now I’d like to turn to our outlook for 2009. We expect the difficult economic conditions which we experienced in Q4 will continue in 2009. We believe our recurring revenues will continue to provide a level of stability to our business and are likely to continue to grow at comparable rates to what we saw before. On the instrument front, we expect to see more resiliency from our larger base of life science customers than from our smaller base of industrial chemical customers, where customer spending may continue to deteriorate. Total instrument demand is expected to be down to mid to high single digits. Overall, we are expecting organic sales to be between down 4% and up 1%. Foreign exchange translation will reduce 2009 sales by about 4% at current rates. Therefore on a reported basis, we are expecting sales to decline by 3% to 8% for 2009. Moving down the P&L, we expect gross margins to be down about 150 basis points versus 2008, where favorable effects of higher consumables volumes and favorable, currency effects from our U.K. based production are more than offset by less favorable manufacturing variances from lower production volumes and a higher proportion of service sales at a 50% margin. Operating expenses are expected to decline at a rate above the good sales. We expect our operating tax rate to be in the neighborhood of 18%. Net interest expense is expected to be in the neighborhood of $15 million and our fully diluted average, outstanding share count for the full year 2009, currently estimated to be above 95 million shares. Rolling all of this together, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings for fully diluted share to be in the range of $2.80 to $3.15 per share, where sales decline between 3% to 8%. In the Q1, we expect organic sales to decline here with the bottom of our 2009 sales range, while currency comparisons are most difficult early in the year and current exchange rates will reduce sales growth by 5% in the first quarter. Expense comparisons are also more difficult early in the year as cost reductions are phased in as we move through the year. Considering all of these factors, earnings per fully diluted share for the first quarter, are expected to be between $0.56 and $0.62. Doug
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. John. Operator, I think we can now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Your first question comes from Ross Muken, Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Muken: Good morning, gentlemen.
Douglas Berthiaume: Good morning Ross.
Ross Muken: Can you walk us through on the instrument side, sort of the assumptions relative to life science instrumentation versus industrial instrumentation? Now I can understand how obviously on a related basis, you know clearly the demand in the life science end market is going to likely be somewhat stronger but I am trying to get a sense for how much especially given some of the recent announcements you know yesterday we obviously had the Wyeth, Pfizer news, you have seen pretty significant CapEx cuts at both bio-tech and pharma probably a bit more so than I think some of us had modeled and then obviously the CRO segments specifically both based on the weakness in the rupee and just general sort of over capacity in general seems to be kind of a good deal bit weaker than was expected so. Just help understand kind of what segments do you think specifically are going to kind of buoy that demand and how much better that industrial is it going to be?
Douglas Berthiaume: Ross, let me lead off and then John can fill in. I think in general what we are seeing for next year is essentially a continuation of the demand patterns we saw in the fourth quarter. We definitely saw in the industrial chemical side of the business demand rapidly fall-off, particularly in the TA instruments grouped that’s highly focused on that segment of the market. The life science piece is a more complicated picture. Its not I'd say nearly equates off a margin [at TA] big pharmaceutical companies that had been struggling with a number of their own issues even before the financial crisis. You’ve got big biotech companies who aren’t suffering nearly as much as average. Then you got little biotech companies that may be wondering where the next round comes from. Only and I'd say we think that the fourth quarter dynamics pretty much show what you are going to see next year. Yes, you've got a big merger with Pfizer and Wyeth in all likelihood coming. And we could see some effect of that on our business, but we don’t think it's huge surely both companies have not been robust purchases in the last couple of years combined Pfizer and Wyeth represent something around 2% of our worldwide revenues and of that about 1% or a half of it represent recurring revenues. And of the remaining probably half goes into regulated applications that are not likely to see major disruption. So, the amount of disruption that comes from that large pharma merger, we think is handleable within our overall guidance for 2009. So, that I think sets the picture. We think that the currency effects in places like India, Brazil and Korea will probably have a continuing effect early in the year, but we see some optimism that as we particularly in place like India get through the first quarter, they finish their fiscal years, there is more optimism that after that they can adjust to the currency picture and pick up demand. We see similar kinds of notions in other weak currency areas. So, we think it will continue probably through the first quarter but improving conditions thereafter.
Ross Muken: So just on a relevant basis, I mean to get to that sort of mid to high single-digit decline in instruments, I mean is that sort of assuming that life science is sort of flat and industrial is going to be down double-digits. Is that sort of a safe assumption?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well I think one think we can say is that at least the large pharma piece of our life science business is thin, in a little bit of a recession of their own, if you will. So, I think there is probably likelihood to be a bit more stability and lack of incremental demand loss perhaps at least from that subset of the growth. But I would say overall as we think about the mid to high single digit instrument decline, you’re looking at an expectation of the life science's piece to be closer to the mid singe-digit and possibly looking at the pure chemical industrial customers that would be perhaps in the mid teens levels of decline to put you in that range over all of minus 5 to minus 9. some of the governmental business that we do, we think will be more stable. Some of the food safety environmental pieces that what we typically log into, our non-life science business we think will be more stable as well. But I’d say the expectation is anywhere from, maybe flat to up a little bit for some of those customer sets to as bad as mid-teens or maybe a little worse for some of the chemical industrial customers.
Douglas Berthiaume: And Ross, I mean, just to kind of put flavor on it, neither of us would content to what we are portraying for next year; as the absolute worse for that business yet. But we think we are being conservative in the way we’re laying out 2009, where you know, with any kind of improvement in any segment. And then we think that there are some phases for believing that it could be better than this. We think that the financial, we’ve certainly saw an impact in the fourth quarter resulting from just the financial upset in the financial markets; of people wondering whether their credit lines would honored. We clearly see this side at the end of the fourth quarter; a little bit or relief on that front.
John Ornell: Exactly. And in the fourth quarter which I would say was a pretty bad quarter, we saw our instruments declining mid single-digit, not anything worse than that, but I mean, who knows, these are difficult times to predict.
Ross Muken: And in terms of the recurring revenue growth, I mean it was pretty good in the fourth quarter. What is the sort of key metrics that you watch in understanding kind of the trajectory of that piece in the business? Is that you know a mix on the discovery side of sort of labor and you’re watching on employment and seeing whether or not we’re seeing either discovery labs closed or people let go from a scientist perspective? And then on the regulated side, you are looking at script growth and sort of manufacturing capacity and whether or not some of these players are taking down certain facilities. I mean what are the key things you are kind of keyed in on…
John Ornell: Well we are not…
Ross Muken: In determining that trajectory?
Douglas Berthiaume: In terms of our service business, over 60% of that is done under longer-term contract.
Ross Muken: Right.
Douglas Berthiaume: So, you know you've got a, of our business that we have the most visibility into, I'd say insurance. And then we track activity obviously early on from a week-to-week basis. So I think our service forecast don’t have a lot of variability to. They could vary a couple of points plus or minus but not a lot. On the chemistry side, where it has a similar degree I'd say. The other thing that’s sort of a little bit of a advantage to us, is that in 2008 we had a negative calendar dynamic in the first quarter, simply because of the way the calendar fell. We probably have three days better calendar dynamics in the first quarter this year. But even at that, we track the weekly run rate here and don’t see any current indication of major upset to our expectations. So, on the consumable recurring side I think we have pretty good visibility.
Ross Muken: Thanks a lot Doug. I appreciate all the detail thanks.
Douglas Berthiaume: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Schenkel, Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Doug Schenkel: Hi good morning.
Douglas Berthiaume: Good morning Doug.
Doug Schenkel: I think there is going to be some concern or consternation about the fact that your full year guidance is a bit back-loaded which, well, I said that I understand it's appropriate given the environment. I just want to see if there are any assumptions incorporated into your guidance for improved conditions in the second half, or are you really just reflecting easier comps year-over-year?
Douglas Berthiaume: I'd say, certainly as you look at the currency side, Doug, the currency starts off in the least favorable condition in the first quarter in the first half, and it gets more favorable as the year goes on. Secondarily, some of the actions that we've taken on the cost front, the hiring freeze, a wage freeze, it doesn’t have as much of an impact early in the year. We typically have our mirror process occurs in the April time frames. You will see the benefit, the unfortunate freeze situation there on the expense side coming through later in the year. And on the sales side, I mean we're just saying that still they are going to start off closer to the bottom of the range and not beyond that for the full year expectations. So, I don’t think generally we are looking at things to very dramatically improve as the year goes on to hit those full-year numbers.
Doug Schenkel: Okay. Thank you for that. I would say encouraging area was the commentary on ACQUITY. I was curious as to whether you are making progress in placing ACQUITY for QA and QC usage relative to where you were earlier in 2008?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, we think we are making a lot of progress in ACQUITY. It maps a little bit of course by the overall warm economic conditions, but I can report that we saw a major pharmaceutical company basically tell us that they are standardizing over the next several years totally on our UPLC platform and won't be buying significantly more amounts of competitive HPLC. Matter of fact that vendor made a specific point of coming in to my executive meeting to point out to me it was significant commitment that they were making, and how much they were relying on. So I received very good underlying evidence of the market swinging to the equity UPLC starting.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, and then on Xevo there was a another bright spot in your commentary could you provide any color on where you’re replacing those? Is that actually a strong point because it’s being targeted less at pharma and where you’re seeing placements being made, at I guess outside of pharma is what I mean?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah I’d say of the interest in pharma is interesting very high, of course you’re aware that there is some upset in the supplier base to that typical TK marketplace with vendors either changing ownership or having concerned in that and fully for that application base. So we’re seeing a great deal of interest in those accounts in terms of looking at Xevo it remains to be seen how that turns into market share in there. But we’re seeing a great response in food safety and the other industrial application areas. So it particularly how’d some of the less sophisticated users Xevo’s ease of use characteristics are really getting attention.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, and one last question and then I’ll get back in the queue. During the quarter you talked a little bit about moving in some more of your North American production over to Singapore I was just curious as to where that’s stood and if you are moving forward with that could you just share a little bit more detail on when the timing of the benefits would play out and I guess recently margin attacks implications?
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure, we've for the last four or five year now have been on a long-term strategic plan of taking advantage of Asia manufacturers. Both from in terms of direct cost reduction as well as the integrating much more of the Asian supply channel to get that incorporated into our product cost. And we see advantages for that over the long-term. We've taken the advantage of that with some of our HPLC production and our detective production. Long-term, we want to accelerate that, take greater advantage of it, that gives us product cost advantages and tax advantages. We've been in the process of looking at some long-term relationships with the sovereign part of that as well as the supplier base. We're making progress, you'll see us increase our production in Singapore over this year and we think we were out to enhance our long-term tax market too. So I think on both fronts you'll see announcements as we move through the year to enhance our P&L.
Doug Schenkel: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Please limit your questions to two question. (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Quintin Lai, Robert W. Baird, your line is open.
Quintin Lai: Hi good morning.
Douglas Berthiaume: Good morning Quin.
Quintin Lai: Looking back at the fourth quarter. When did you begin to seeing kind of this the rapid slowdown. And so, given that when you are forecasting 2009 or you forecasting at of that of December, the kind of the low point of the three months of the quarter or kind of the average for the quarter?
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say we are looking at conditions that we think exist right now. Which is basically been amalgamation of everything we saw and report. I won’t say that we looked at the week 13 run-rate and extrapolated that what we look at is a compendium of what we think pharma industrial chemical, as well as geography, as well as our product mix and we wrap all of that in and say this is what we think the current conditions or I’d say in general that reflects pretty much what we saw on average through the fourth quarter, I’d say we do think that there was some affect of kind of the peek of the financial crisis so people worrying about whether they could get capital in that put the damper on things in the November timeframe I’d say when the market crated, people were worried about whether the banking industry would survive worldwide. I’d say we saw customers get a little bit more optimistic as went through December. But I won’t say that reflected too much in their actual buying patterns. So if that’s true I’d say the first six months, we could see a somewhat more optimistic turn of events.
Quintin Lai: Thank you for that. And then turning to the balance sheet and some of the cash flow expectation for 2009, the inventories I noticed were down, kind of from Q3 to Q4 and is that how you are going to manage the lower demand and I guess that then also, and through with respect the cash-flow? What are your expectations for share buyback and CapEx for the quarter John?
John Ornell: Yeah, I’d say as we look at next year, we are looking to generate similar cash from ops it might be done a little bit. But we think we can continue to manage the balance sheet that was in the working capital side. We have talked before about the facts that we had set a facility that we were putting in place this year its going to be about a $35 million to $40 million increments on CapEx where historical defense of CapEx is more likely to be close to may be $80 million to $90 million for the full year given that one off event and you’re likely going to see cash flow be in the neighborhood of maybe 300 to 325 as a result of that on a relatively slow year. As it relates to deploying that cash we do work continuously and have an interest to continue on the M&A front consisting with our history of looking out to build on types of product line acquisitions, we need to do that, so that’s likely to consume some amount of cash in 2009, however we certainly at this stage we believe we'll have plenty of cash to continue on the buyback offerings. Thinking about the buyback being comparable to what you saw last year when we talked about it being between 200 and 250 million came right of the middle of that. You are likely to see us continue on that front. The present authorization from the program that was put in place a couple of years ago still has a $100 million left on it, so you’re likely to see something coming from the board later this year to extend or put a new program in place now as to procure $250 million I would guesstimate right now and that’s what is still in my share accounts. Given the current price and our access to capital, it's likely they will frontend low debt program a little bit just given where we are, but I'd say that’s kind of what we assumed in our accounts.
Quintin Lai: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan. You're line is open.
Tycho Peterson: Hey good morning.
Douglas Berthiaume: Good morning Tycho.
John Ornell: Good morning.
Tycho Peterson: Hey Doug I think in your comments you talked a little bit about the UPLC selling cycle being prolonged a little bit. I am just wondering if you can talk about the instruments selling cycle in general and what you are seeing, and what are these kind of delays or cancelled orders and then maybe also use that as a seg way to talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics these days and in mass spec and maybe on pricing as well on what you are assuming?
Douglas Berthiaume: Tycho what I really said was that the HPLC replacement cycle was longed out a little bit. I don’t see that on the UPLC side. I think that’s historically in particularly in the pharma cycle. They can, if they have a plan to replace instruments on a six or seven year cycle, they can stretch that out a year, year and half we would have definitely seen that in well most notably back in the early 90's but we haven’t seen that with UPLC, its really getting into the, cracking the application. And that we see happening with regularity. So, I don’t want you to misunderstand kind of what we’ve said there. We do see a function of people longing out their replacement cycles.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then can you comment a little bit on the mass spec environment these days in terms of the competitive landscape and may be pricing as well.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well as you know, it’s always been a competitive environment. There are some people who have traditionally done better in some segments of the industry. I think that’s been particularly true in pharmacokinetics and drug metabolism. And in recent years our strength has been both on the high end with Q-Tof and Synapt, as well as applied applications in food and industrial applications. I think in general, you know, we wrapped up 2008 similarly. I think that was a good reflection on how we ended. There’s certainly some question in the industry now about where some people are going with their mass spec lines, how is it going to wind up. There’s open speculation in the industry about that but take that for what its worth. I do sense that customers are right now more willing to consider varied suppliers in some of these Quantitative Bioanalysis areas, which certainly is seeing a great deal of interest in our Xevo there. So, I won’t tell you that we've actually booked a lot of business in the fourth quarter there. So, if the level of interest is reflective of an early stage, then we should see more business. On the pricing front, we always see some people in end of quarters, kind of willing to trade off price for an order. I’d say we have not, you can tell from our margins that our pricing has remained very consistent. We haven’t seen a deterioration in margins across our instrument platforms and as I've said time and time again, the bulk of this industry, even in times like this, even in the fourth quarter, we didn’t see the rationale for using price to influence those customers and I don’t think price would have significantly influenced those customers to change the underlying dynamics. By the way, you also saw us improve our accounts receivable performance and this is kind one of the worst quarters you could imagine. You know our cash flow and our receivables performance was the best fourth quarter I think we've ever had.
John Ornell: Yeah.
Douglas Berthiaume: So, we're not seeing customers all of a sudden trying to [long] out their terms or if they are they are doing it for somebody else. We continue to remain kind of dedicated to running our business the way we've always run.
Tycho Peterson: Okay. And then just, one last one on the outlook that you gave for TA. Can you just give us a sense, it sounds like it’s a different dynamic there in terms of kind of the selling cycle for some of the chemical and plastic manufacturers. I mean do you get the sense that this is going to be a prolonged multi-year contraction phase or how do we think about that due to the some of the other markets you typically served?
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, I'd say if you look at the TA, even in the fourth quarter which was a very difficult environment, they were about just 2%. So it wasn’t dramatically different from what we saw at the Waters division. They've recently been bearing on instrumentation offerings that have more of a life science application to focus in addition to differentiating themselves product-wise versus the competition. And so, implied in the guidance is that they could be down, mid-single, high-single digit perhaps at the low end of the range. But early indications, at least from the fourth quarter and moving into the first few weeks of this quarter would indicate that, that seems to be at least a solid range that I'm comfortable right now as we speak. They were unlikely to build the wall.
Operator: Your next question comes from Isaac Ro, Leerink Swann. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro: Hi guys, thanks for taking the question. First of all, could you just maybe give us the overall growth rate globally for HPLC versus mass spec. I know you gave us a lot of details, but I'm wondering about the big picture for the quarter.
John Ornell: It's really not dramatically different. The growth rates for the instrument lines were all within a few percent of one another. So we really don’t have that right in front of us, but it wouldn’t be dramatically different anyway.
Isaac Ro: Okay. And then, just for a little granularity on the drug industry specifically. I think in the past you've said that overall drug industry is probably 60% of Waters' sales. And I'm wondering, could you break that down a little bit, maybe between a couple of bigger buckets like big pharma, generics, and then maybe unprofitable smaller drug companies, something like that?
John Ornell: Yes. I think if you look at our overall life science business, we've always said it's about three quarters of what we do, because this 15% of government and academic that has a very heavy life science focus. Of the remaining 60% that you described as being commercial life science businesses, about 15% of that is our top 15 pharma accounts. And we've talked about them having been under pressure and continuing to be under pressure. About another 20% is kind of the specialty pharma accounts still, significantly large accounts that have historically done very well and I think will continue to do well may be to another 20% between the generics CROs, the generics have continued to well but CROs have been under a bit of pressure and included in that is biotech, the larger biotech. It a little smaller, the differential owing into biotech are really less then 85% of the overall pie. So that the ones that you worry about the most are 3 to 5% perhaps of our business overall and it tends to be rather varied you look at who you sold to one particular quarter its very different the next quarter its not a small set of customers that we’re relying on repeat business quarter by quarter.
Isaac Ro: Great, and just lastly have you guys any visibility on the repatriation of cash and then so how would you guys think to do that and use the cash?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well with the new administration I guess this an opportunity for a number of various things to be looked at I think it’s a little early to comment on that but I mean certainly some type AJCA type of program perhaps we’d be looking for to the extent that it was an opportunity to bring cash back at a reasonable appropriate tax rate will certainly consider that, that we could have last time around at 2004 time frame and that we were able to bring back half a billion dollars then so with that window open we’d be very interested in walking through it.
Operator: Your next question comes from a Derrick Brown, UBS. Your line is open.
Derik deBruin: Hi, Good morning
Douglas Berthiaume: Good morning, Derrick
Derik deBruin: I’m just curious to know just based upon on the comments you just made on some analysis slide down 2% organically in 4Q not a dramatic difference from the other LC/MS instrument businesses on and it sounds like there isn’t going to be that much difference in 2009, so I’m just curious that the first quarter guidance of minus 8% organic, minus 5% FX, you know, you get the business down 13% year-over-year in 1Q. That’s got to be down double-digit, mid-teens…
John Ornell: Yes. Derik, let me just correct something. What we’ve said is that our organic growth rates for the full year will be anywhere from up 1% to down 4%. As I said for the first quarter that the organic growth rate is more or likely to be closer to the minus 4% than the plus 1%.
Derik deBruin: Got you, okay.
John Ornell: And then on top of that, you’re right, you have to add 5 points of currency. So you’re going to be down in the mid to high single digits, which is consisted with what we've said for the full year.
Derik deBruin: Okay. Okay. That wasn’t clear. Okay. I guess, the other question is certainly the back half, I mean your, obviously the FX impact come off in the back half of the year, but I just think do you think that minus 4 to plus 1 is conservative enough given, you know, as you pointed out, there might not be historical precedence to this [free] market environment?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, the answer is yes because that’s what we have portrayed. You know, there is certainly you can craft this scenario that says the second half doesn’t get any better. I think for, we still believe that there is real opportunity to do better than we've outlined. Some of its internal, some of it’s, we've got new products that will contribute as the year goes along. Some of it is market share. But we think we’re prepared to again improve our market share. So even if the market is consistent, we are better positioned than most of the others who we compete with to take market share. And the third part of that is, we think customers in the second half are going to be better positioned to buy I think the financial is likely to be better off than it is now. [Granted] there is some non-zero likelihood that it won’t be. I think in management terms, well we feel the need to layout a full year picture, one that is consistent with our overall view. We are really managing month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. And we have taken those steps we think that they keep our P&L and our business logically structured in these tough time. But we haven’t taken actions that we think really cut in to the needs of the business. If our view turns out to be too optimistic, we will have to look it whether we need to take more restructuring actions. Right now we don’t feel that, we think we are logically conservative in our mix, but we have got to say (Inaudible).
Derik deBruin: No, I appropriate that I am just looking at the point that in better markets for the first quarter of 2008, you guys guided 10% organic revenue growth and you did 6 for 4Q in ’08. You guided the 6% organic revenue growth and you did zero. I am just wondering if you are in a situation right now where is it even possible to grow these businesses in positive organic growth territory. Given from whatever you have economically indicated we can seem to think things to be just getting progressively worse?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think it’s a fair question, I think the fourth quarter was pretty bad. If 2009 gets substantially worse than the fourth quarter, across our customer base, then you are right. I think we got our results as soon as we could, in the fourth quarter. I'm not aware of anybody else who calls any downturn so it will be interesting to see our competition [couldn’t] whether they do their forecast or not in the fourth quarter. But everybody's got to call us the way they see them at the time and we think we’re approaching 2009 in a logical basis but it obviously remains to be seen.
John Ornell: And Derik we are saying that our ranged does incorporate worse times, we just saw in the fourth quarter, so I mean we read the news too and we see that certain markets look like they’re going to be more difficult, we think we’ve baked out into the minus 4% organic growth scenario, but as you know all of the crystal balls right now are a little more clarity than they’ve historically ever been.
Operator: Your next question comes from (Inaudible) from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, hey guys. Good morning.
Douglas Berthiaume: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: So how about your assumptions about gross margins for next year. Could you talk about what are your expectations for certain organic gross margin improvements and then offsets of currency in volumes declines to get to that 105 EBIT number?
John Ornell: Yeah, we’re looking at a little bit of a mixed dynamic on the service versus instrument component and service has risen closer to 50% than closer to 60 on instruments. So it’s about 40 or so basis points of service mix as we look at service growing next year and instruments declining. Also the FX pay next year is estimated to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 50 basis points. We also think that there'll be a little bit of negative manufacturing leverage next year 20 or 30 basis points and then there is little bit beyond that there is just a number of different things including some new product launches that typically go out at slight lower margins that we baked in as well. I think it’s a relatively conservative picture. It incorporates certainly the lower end of the sales range as we think about next year and it doesn’t really incorporate anything significant as related to incremental volumes from Singapore later in the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great and then on ACQUITY in the quarter, can you just talk about what the actual growth rate was year-on-year for ACQUITY?
Douglas Berthiaume: No, we don’t separate that out for obvious competitive reasons.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay great and then last question just quickly on the expense side, can you talk about expenses down inline with sales. How much more flexibility do you have there, are you comfortable in terms of still being able to invest in the business, as everyone is talking about the lower end of the range turns out to be the case or worse than that?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well I think what you can assume is that we’re taking all the actions short of major people actions, we're limiting discretionary spending, limiting discretionary travel and meetings, we've had salary freezes on, we’ve got headcount replacement freezes on. All of those actions that you take to keep your house heated in winter time when times are tough. We haven’t taken any significant restructuring actions, we don’t think that they’re appropriate in this climate. We think you know this is not a forever problem that we are facing and we want to keep structured to keep our sales and service and support group intact. So, we’re not without other things that could happen if the world deteriorates further. But we think right now we are on the prudent side of the spending equation.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Douglas Berthiaume: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your last question comes from Chris Arndt, Select Equity Group. Your line is open.
Chris Arndt: Yeah. Hi Doug. I was wondering if you could comment on the mix of HPLCs that you sell in units between your traditional HPLC and your ACUITY product.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well Chris, what I’m willing to describe is that the mix is changing towards UPLC of course where we continued to have nice growth in 2008 of UPLC and HPLC is beginning to show declines. And that’s what we’d expect for putting in some people’s view HPLC is becoming an obsolete technology and we’re going to move extensively into UPLC in years ahead.
Chris Arndt: I mean just a ball-park, is this fourth inning of the shift to ACUITY or the sixth or seventh inning?
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think the reality is that we are still dealing with a lot of regulated applications. So, what you’re seeing is a lot of residual impact from that kind of dynamic of replacing. It’s easier to replace one or two HPLCs than it is to convert all over to ULPC. What we're seeing however is like one anecdote that I described is that some major pharmaceutical companies are now willing to setup so they are making that total commitment to UPLC. I think more and more that’s going to happen. So, I'd still say we are probably in the early innings, second or third innings but I think that slope is getting better for UPLC. I think the other thing just to choose our own [one] is that we're hearing our customers say in this one particular case, the only thing they consider this truly UPLC out there is ACQUITY. That the competition still significantly lags behind the quality of our technology. And let me just add just one thing on the ACQUITY front, and most of you may have heard I don’t know. There's a worldwide shortage of acetonitrile currently and acetonitrile is the most popular solvent to use in liquid chromatography. The shortage of acetonitrile is basically due to the fact that it’s a by-product of acrylonitrile production and acrylonitrile is substantially aimed at industrial applications that are very dwindling. So you can increase your supply of acetonitrile a lot of customers on forced reduced usage of acetonitrile and they are showing great deal of interest in how much ACQUITY can save them on the acetonitrile usage front, even in regulated applications where they would have to revalidate their applications. So, I think that’s kind of an unplanned-for dynamic that we are seeing everyday. We are seeing customers increase their level of interest in ACQUITY because of that. It also has natural green implications. We are seeing that very high interest in Europe, because of reduced solvent usages and inherently a green benefit. So, a lot of reasons why we are optimistic about ACQUITY.
Chris Arndt: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Douglas Berthiaume: You're welcome. Well, thanks. Thanks very much for taking the time. Notice, you've got a lot of demands on your time these days and we appreciate you sticking with us through the call. We'll talk to you next time at the end of the first quarter. Thanks again.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for attending. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and CEO John Ornell - VP, Finance and Administration and CFO
Analysts: Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Llc Derik deBruin - UBS Muken Ross - Deutsche Bank Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation's Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to this Waters Corporation's third quarter financial results conference call. With me on today's call as usual is John Ornell, the company's Chief Financial Officer and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. And as is our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, and then John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the full year. But before we get going, I would like John to cover the cautionary language. John?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company at this time for Q4 2008. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 in Part-1 under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for January 2009. During this call we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to our company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussion of the results of operations we may refer to pro forma results which exclude the impact of items, such as those outlined in our schedule entitled, reconciliation of net income per diluted share included in this morning's press release
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. Well, the fundamental trends that we saw in the first half of 2008 pretty much continued through the third quarter. These trends included flattish spending by pharma customers, strong growth from acquired markets and continued strong demand from customers in developing countries. In the third quarter we continued to leverage a solid sales performance to generate truly superior earnings growth and free cash flow. Recurring revenues, including our chromatography consumables and instruments services businesses, performed well in the quarter. The large existing base of HPLC and UPLC instrument users depend on us to provide high quality chromatography columns and sample prep [ph] cartridges to perform in many cases regulated testing. In addition, our large installed base of instruments systems requires highly trained service engineers for regular maintenance, upgrades and systems repair. For the last few quarters our recurring revenues have consistently accounted for nearly half of our total sales and have typically seen year-over-year growth rates in the neighborhood of 10%. This growth rate has been significantly independent of instrument systems sales growth in any quarter. So I'll spend a little more time than usual speaking about our chemistry and services business because they represent a real advantage to our business model. At Waters we've endured economic cycles over our decades of operations and through these prior ups and downs I'm pleased to tell you that our chemistry and service growth has been well insulated. In short, I'm confident that looking into 2009 and beyond, our recurring sales will most likely provide an attractive foundation of topline growth for the corporation and importantly a foundation that generates high operating margins and particularly strong cash flow. We turn to our Instrument Systems businesses and looking first at the Waters division, newer technology products including ACQUITY UPLC and Synapt HDMS were key drivers of our growth in the third quarter. Global sales to non-profit institutions, including government and university customers were especially strong in the quarter. Sales for industrial applications, including systems for food, environmental and chemical analyses saw double digit growth in the quarter with ACQUITY UPLC, MS systems leading the way. As we witnessed throughout the first half of 2008, flat sales to pharmaceutical customers were again a drag on the company's overall topline performance in this quarter. It is interesting to note though that most of our larger accounts did show a growth in sales over last year's levels, some growing quite impressively. However this growth was more than offset by a minority of these large accounts that delivered significantly weaker results. In all, pharmaceutical spending is at best to mixed bag and we see no reason the situation will materially change from where it is in the short term. Geographically, the quarter sales growth was relatively balanced in light of last year's base year comparison. On the surface, the growth in the U.S. seems light. However last year's nearly 20% third quarter growth in the U.S. has to be an important consideration. I am pleased to tell you that we've begun to see growth in Japan as some tough quarterly comparisons are behind us and as we saw strong demand from both University and industrial accounts. We expect this improved trend in Japan to continue into the fourth quarter. Our third quarter sales in Europe suggest a continued stabilization in demand and improvement from the weaker results we reported earlier in 2008. The European pharmaceutical business exhibited a continuation of the recovery that we saw in the second quarter and our university business also delivered nice growth in the quarter. Throughout the quarter, there were rumblings about potential weakness in China, usually accompanied by some mention of the completion of the Olympics. Concerns also surfaced about issues in other developing nations. I'm pleased to tell you that our business momentum in China, India and South America has remained strong. As worries about a global recession and its effect on these developing economies grow, we will continue to closely monitor our course and order activity. However, at this point we have seen no material change in demand and are encouraged that we'll finish 2008 with strong results in these regions. Our TA Instruments division delivered another strong performance in the third quarter. The division saw a balanced growth from both the geographical and product line perspective. Sales for the new products from TA that I discussed in our last call, including the ARES-G2 rheometer and microcalorimetry systems ramped nicely in the quarter and advanced technology continues to drive new customers to our calorimetry and rheology offerings. TA has demonstrated an ability to rapidly and successfully integrate new instrument technologies into its product line. And given this track record, we have continuously sought to acquire new product lines and technologies to accelerate the expansion of TA's business. In the third quarter, we successfully completed the acquisition of a small specialty developer of advanced moisture analyses system that was VTI Corporation. The acquisition of VTI, along with the earlier acquisitions of microcalorimetry product lines will significantly enhance TA's ability to penetrate new life science applications. On the new product front, when we last spoke, I reviewed the new products that we introduced at this year's ASMS Conference and I'm pleased to tell you that at ASMS, our new Xevo tandem quadrupole mass spectrometer was a major hit and was subsequently recognized by IBO, a leading industry publication as the best new product showcased at the conference. Now as many of you know, tandem quadrupole mass spectrometers have been worked horse instruments in drug development labs for quite a few years. And have recently been rapidly adopted in food safety and environmental testing applications. In addition, attendees of ASMS annual conferences fully appreciate how important innovation is to a successful new product launched at that venue. It is this combination of factors that fuels our excitement about our new Xevo platform, specifically, the potential to operate differentiated technology capabilities to a large and expanding market. We began shipping Xevo in the third quarter and throughout the quarter we saw heavy demand for product demonstration. It is interesting to note that our first delivery was to a leading food safety rep [ph] in Latin America where after extensive evaluation of Xevo and other tandem quadrupole instruments it was determined that the combination of Xevo's superior image sensitivity and higher level of users functionality resulted in a significant step forward in overall system performance. So in short, we're very encouraged by the market reception of our new mass spec systems. And feel that our competitive position is significantly enhanced as we close 2008 and move into 2009. John will walk you through the P&L in more detail. However I would like to point out that we've again continued to improve our operational efficiency through product cost reduction programs and expense managements. These improvements, in combination with our share repurchases have led to superior profitability and faster earnings growth. Through the first three quarters of 2008 we've delivered a record level of free cash flow of nearly $280 million. This level of superior cash flow has provided us with the flexibility to continuously enhance the value of our company through selective acquisitions, share repurchases and the retirement of debt. We've been moving on all these fronts as of late. Looking towards the fourth quarter of 2008 and into 2009, I'm encouraged we will be able to benefit from the business momentum that has helped us so far this year. So we expect global economic conditions will remain under pressure in the near term. We feel that our strong product position, the continuing expansion of our businesses in the developing world and the sustainability of our recurring revenues in total, positions us favorably. That said, we will remain cautious in our financial outlook and will plan conservatively for 2009. Accordingly, we will manage our expenses carefully while continuing to optimize our manufacturing costs. We currently believe that despite the potential from more challenging market conditions and currency dynamics, that are likely to present a headwind, we feel that we have the ability to manage our P&L and balance sheet to generate double-digit earnings growth and continued strong free cash flow. With that, I'd now like to turn it over to John.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Doug and good morning. Third quarter results delivered 10% sales growth and 27% growth in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share. Earnings was $0.79 this quarter compared to earnings of $0.62 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings was $0.71 this quarter, compared to $0.52 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Before I discuss Q3 results in detail, I would like to describe a legal entity review process that culminated in early October just after the close of the third quarter. To better align our legal entity structure with our current business objectives, we reorganized certain of our foreign operations resulting in the transfer of ownership of certain foreign assets into our U.S. business. The majority of this reorganization meets the requirements of tax free liquidation under U.S. tax law and allows us to bring $572 million of offshore cash into the U.S. for domestic use. There is small portion of the transaction that could be subjected to U.S. tax and we've fully provided for that exposure in our third quarter as part of $5.1 million tax provision. Subsequently, we have utilized about $490 million of domestic cash to prepay $150 million term loan facility and to pay down $340 million debt outstanding under our revolving credit facility. These actions substantially reduced our exposure to interest rate risk in the currently volatile capital and money markets. We currently have full borrowing availability under our committed $600 million revolving credit bank agreements and sufficient cash on hand to fund our capital needs for the foreseeable future. Also included in our income statements this quarter was a small restructuring charge resulting from minor regional realignments of manufacturing resources. Turning now to our operational performance for the third quarter; sales grew by 10% this quarter with currency providing three percentage points of growth. This foreign exchange affect is two percentage point less that what we had expected in our July call as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar since our July guidance. Looking at corporate sales growth regionally and before foreign currency effects; sales within the U.S. were up 1% this quarter, largely the result of weak large pharma demand and a very strong prior year base comparison. Within Europe, sales were up 7%. Sales within Japan improved this quarter and were up by 10%. And sales in Asia, outside of Japan, remained strong and were up 11%. Turning to the product front; within the Waters division, instrument systems grew by 3%. Recurring revenues grew by 9% this quarter led by double digit service growth. And TA Instruments had another strong quarter with sales up 14% versus prior year resulting from strong new product sales and acquisitions. Now I would like to comment on our non-GAAP financial performance. Gross margin remained strong this quarter and came in at 59.3% versus prior year, margins expanded by about 2% points. We continue to benefit from product cost reductions of favorable product mix and favorable currency transitional effects. SG&A expenses grew by about 9% this quarter compared to prior year and R&D expenses grew just 1% an unusually low rate of growth due to timing of project costs. We currently expect our full year operating effective tax rate to be about 18%, a slight increase from our rate over the first half of the year as a result of small mix changes in our production facilities worldwide as well as foreign exchange impacts on legal enterprises [ph]. On the stock buyback front, we continue to purchase our shares in the open market and during the third quarter we purchased 875,000 shares of our common stock of $57 billion. Fully diluted average share count was 100.6 million shares for the quarter. On the balance sheet, cash and short term investments totaled $893 million and debt totaled $1.028 billion, bringing us to a net debt position of about a $135 million. As described earlier our recent debt repayment actions have reduced our cash and debt balances by half $490,000. We measure free cash flow, as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, sustaining [ph] non-cash tax benefit from FAS 123 are accounted and excluding unusual non-recurring items. For the quarter, free cash flow was $88 million after funding $70 million of CapEx and adding back $2 million of FAS 123 R benefits. Comparable free cash flow in Q3 last year was $72 million. Year-to-date, our free cash flow was up 15%. Accounts receivable, day sales outstanding stood at 68 days quarter, two days better than Q3 last year. And inventories were about flat versus Q2 balance. Now I would like to turn to our outlook for the remainder of 2008. Our third quarter's organic sales results were inline with both our prior expectations and our first half results and we believe the current business conditions will provide for a continuation of this trend into the fourth quarter. While there is some concern, the reaction to the current financial crises with slow customer spending, our current assessment of our end markets that we serve suggests that businesses will continue to spend on the technologies and solutions we provide and allow us to grow around 6% organically in the fourth quarter. Currency at today's levels will reduce sales growth by about 2% bringing our overall growth to around 4%. Moving down the P&L, we expect to see continued gross margins stay favorability [ph] to prior year resulting from improved production, the sufficiency's on higher production volumes, continued favorable sales mix and product cost reductions. This favorable foreign currency translation effect experienced earlier this year will trend against us given the weakening dollar. We presently expect gross margins of around 59% in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses are expected to grow about equal to sales. We expect our operating tax rate to be around 18% for the quarter. Net interest expense is expected to be in the neighborhood of $4.5 million. Fully diluted average share count is currently estimated to be about 100 million shares. Rolling all of this together, we currently expect Q4 non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be in the range of $1.08 to $1.12 per share whereas sales growth is around 4%. For the full year, this would result in 10% sales growth and 20% plus growth in earnings per fully diluted share. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you John. I think we can open it up for Q&A now, operator. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Quintin Lai of Robert Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Thank you again for all the commentary on the fourth quarter and kind of the longer term outlook. What gives you that confidence on the specialty [ph] markets and the regulatory areas? Do you think that the regulations as they stand now... such as like in the case I noticed last week you launched some products in melamine... for testing foods for melamine. Do you see that the macro-economic environment really doesn't change that and if anything, the need to test food and water and all continue to be greater than ever?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Quintin I think in those emerging applications there, I think food safety and food analyses in particular. I don't think the economic climate has much of an impact on that. We have seen of course, Melamine is a very current example where we have seen substantial order activity both in the third quarter and continuing into the fourth quarter. And both in places directly affected by China, as well receiving regions like particularly the EU. It turns out that these new products find their way into many, many as intermediates into many, many manufactured food products. So there's a great deal of interest in extensive testing in that application. So we don't see that tailing off early. The other economic areas or the areas, I mean one of it the good news/bad news thing about our business is that the pharma customer base has been under pressure. The pharma base doesn't react to the financial crisis around us to any large extent because these accounts have very strong free cash flows and they're really worried about the same things they've been worried about for a number of years, which is the patent situation and replacing their product flow. So I think we've been dealing with their struggle there for a long time and we'll continue to. We see that in our run rate and we're not really saying. And we're not seeing their plans or our approach there to be much different then its been for a while now.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And then in the basic R&D area, one of things that we've thought of just in general is that most of those scientist, they are charged with pushing the edge of research and the leading edge of technology. So I'm encouraged to see that Synapt and UPLC continue to be adopted, specially in that area. Is that how you can continue to show growth in that area in a tough environment by simply just continuing the new product development and if you stay on that leading edge, you feel like that you can still continue the growth?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we definitely feel like we have to continue to push the new products, both in terms of it's sensitive, reliability and importantly its productivity. One of the areas that we've made inroads into but we think still has plenty of opportunities for us is in a product line like UPLC. The productivity potential for a number of customers is extraordinary. Because of course you can run analyses so much faster under UPLC than under traditional HPLC. And so rather than buying an instrument at 10% less, the customer can buy an instrument that cost him a little bit more actually but may improve his productivity by a factor of two or three. And we're really beginning to see that have an impact in a number of our high volumes applications, both in research and in QC. So I think it is absolutely a lot of evidence that customers are perfectly willing to invest in something that gives him a strong pay back. And I think that's what you are seeing in our results.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Last question and I will jump back into the queue. The R&D, John, you said there was a timing issue so then should we expect kind of a jump back up in Q4?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I'd say if you look at R&D, it's about a mid-single digit growth rate as you look at it more on a year-to-date basis and we would guess that it would be above that for the full year as well. So there was a little bit of lumpiness with prototypes, sale for unit [ph] that need to get built and expensed if you look through current year and prior year basis. So it's more... just an aberration of the quarter than it is I expect that we are really doing anything to cut that expense scenario.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, thank you.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Your line is open, sir.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Thank you. Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: You've typically placed a lot of instruments at the end of quarters. And I think this is a little bit more pronounced in Q1 and Q4 than it is in Q2 and Q3. But with that as the premise of my question, did the timing of the deterioration in the broader markets lead to any delay in instrument bookings in the second half of September?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd say... first of all, the third quarter actually does... has a little bit more pronounced end of the quarter tilt to it, because you got the classic July and August vacations that tend to slowdown business activity early in the third quarter and then it builds up in September. That's of course pronounced in Europe when August is a very, very popular vacation month in Europe. So you do see a lot of activity tilted towards September in Europe. As we said, we did well in Europe. So the economic indicators coming into Europe were pretty good. We saw very good activity in the non-profit areas in Europe, government university accounts. But I don't that there's anything to be particularly read into that. I think to be fair we could have had even a little bit better quarter. I'd say that most of that's tilted towards the U.S. where we're working a lot of interesting opportunities, business that we don't think we lost but we think that the financial chaos going on did kind of at least make some customers wait a little bit. So while we hit our numbers and may be did a little bit better, I think the actual demand side of the equation, if you didn't have the overlay of the financial markets, might have been a little bit better.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay that's helpful and then I guess another dynamic is the launch of the well [ph] in the quarter. To dam it all, I am trying to take the best way to describe this but I would think that may surely slow the placement of legacy instruments and you may not be placing as many instruments as customers evaluate a new launch. Is there something that played out in the quarter and if so, how do we think about that heading into Q4?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Doug, I think that's a fairly insightful question actually. First of all, overall our mass spec product line did very well in the quarter. But the product lines that involve [ph]... if you just look at the actual placements, we are somewhat weaker than the other piece was the triple quad product line. And we do think that's related to this legacy products kind of coming out of our portfolio with new products coming in. Many customers have to revalidate on the technology. They want samples rerun. So we definitely think that there is some piece of that as we change over the product line.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: You think you are turning the corner on that dynamic heading in Q4 or are you still for may be in less in the quartile percentage [ph]?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we're well into it. As I said our demonstration labs have been running overtime for last three months. So we are pretty sure that we are making a dent in it
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay, changing gears and just I'll just ask one or two more and I'll get back in the queue, but something that were hearing more and more about is really the current status of the NIH budgets, essentially frozen with last year based on, recent congressional actions, I guess inaction, depending on how you look at it. How much exposure as a percentage of sales do you believe you have to NIH funding and have you any signs that the current in limbo status of the NIH budget is affecting or will affect either instrumental recurring revenues stream?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Historically the NIH budget hasn't has had much of the direct affect on us. I mean something less than 1% of our sales directly related to the NIH budget. Now of course the NIH has a multiplier effect and some business that you can't attract directly to NIH, but unlike some of our competitors who deal very significantly with directly with NIH labs our business doesn't tend to be significant in that area. So when you seeing IH budgets go up by 7% or 8% or when they are flat to a little bit down it doesn't have a much of a discernible affect on our overall sales.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. And last question, last I checked, Japan accounted for about 10% of sales. You said Japan was improving in the quarter. Keeping in mind last year that in Q4, I believe Japan's sales were down double digits in that year, as a whole now when we guiding for, I should say guidance of 6% constant currency growth heading into Q4. I guess I'm just trying to get at, is there a specific geography? I guess products presumably within in the U.S where you're expecting some challenges in the Q4 year-over-year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I'd say that the U.S was our challenge in the third quarter, and I would say with all of our geographies we're still keeping our eye most closely on the U.S. We think Japan, both for underlying economic reasons as well as for having anniversaried some very tough quarters that we're pretty confident that we will continue to see growth in Japan.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay. Thanks a lot for taking my questions.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Hi, thanks for taking the call. Hi John, in your comments you mentioned cost reduction a few times. Can you just give us a sense as to given the economic backdrop here, whether you guys have kind of accelerated some of your initiatives to cut cost out of manufacturing, obviously beyond the move to Singapore, just on the raw material side?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, fortunately at least for us, in the short term here we haven't had dramatic price... cost inflation amongst some of the manufacturing side of our house at least at this stage. In spite of that though, we recently moved a couple of more HPLC detectors to Singapore. We took a small action to rebalance the work force recently on that front as well. And we continue to cost reduce specifically the ACQUITY product, those plans are in place and on track for the year. And obviously we've been holding back on replacing headcount and putting some temporary resources in place where we can, wherever we need to at least in the short term have the labor available. So I'd say, we've have done a number of different things, both on the manufacturing front and on the support and SG&A side to continue to cost reduce this business and if you look at the your organic growth in SG&A, R&D and even on the manufacturing side, it's been less than the growth in organic sales this year.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay and then as we think about the market opportunity for Xevo, I mean obviously sounds like you've had good interest initially from some of the food safety customers. How ultimately [ph] you think that product line is going to be positioned between pharma and then Biotech and then some of the applied markets. And then if you can also comment on how we should be thinking about positioning for the TRIZAIC which I guess you'll introduce only next year too that will be helpful?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Tycho I think we're going to position Xevo as a work horse, triple quad instrument across a broad range of applications. And I think the initial reaction is very good. Now as you know traditionally we haven't had a large share in pharmaco-kinetic drug metabolism labs and you know may be that's a good thing now because those labs tend to have been slow during pharma's tough times. So we seen initial interest even in those regulated bio analytical labs. So we're hopeful with this new generation. We have something to show those accounts and early signs, albeit very early are encouraging there. So I think clearly we are seeing continued strong interest is in all of the applied areas and I think we will continue to see those kinds of... that kind of interest grow.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Can you comment just briefly on the clinical market as well. I mean maybe on neonatal screening business but also we are hearing lot about Vitamin D and some of these opportunities emerging?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think Vitamin D testing is a very interesting area. Our systems are currently being used in Vitamin D. Our clinical applications have grown over the last four years, lets say on what's sort of 15% a year. And continue to be good performers this year. I think neonatal has actually been more of flattish area this year. But certainly, one particular application that continues to be strong is therapeutic drug monitoring, particularly for any rejections drugs. Where I think mass spec techniques are now really the analytical method of choice in that application.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay, and just a one last on customer base, I mean I appreciate the color you gave on pharma. Can you just commend on the CRO base today and what your level of visibility there is. I mean we are still seeing the capacity expansions happening. But just wondering how comfortable you are with your visibility in the CRO business going forward?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think world wide CRO business continues to be robust. I think you can have quarterly up or down depending on how strong your base was. But certainly what we see is large pharma continuing to look to outsource more and more of their business and that's directly adding to the large CROs having a good business opportunity in front of them. I think we are also seeing while there is somewhat less traditional CRO customers, including generic accounts, make more use of some of the CROs. So I mean [ph] also look at those guys stock prices, they have been under pressure this year. And so I wouldn't be surprised to see a little bit of breathing room creep in a little bit. But I don't think over the medium term, we are likely to see a move away from CROs. I think we are going to continue to see that be a pretty robust area.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Groberg of Merrill Lynch. Your line is open sir.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Thanks a million for taking the call. Congratulations on a solid quarter. First, John, can I just clarify on the balance sheet again. Exactly you were able to repatriate earnings of $572 million and used $490 million of that to pay down debts and I was just curious exactly where you pay down again, looks like the end of the quarter you had about $377 million in shorter term debt and $650 million in longer term debt?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, the transaction occurred in the beginning of October. So obviously you have to get some input [ph] on the call here what the impact is on the balance sheet versus seeing it live. We hadn't booked the transaction in the third quarter because of the change in the tax impact of it, which forced us to pull the taxes back into the quarter, but not the balance sheet impact of it. But in any case to answer your question, we paid down a $150 million term loan, that there was a four year term loan that went to affect earlier this year and there was no pre-payment penalty. So we just eliminated that term loan at the start of fiscal October. And then we paid down $340 million on our revolving credit agreement. That was what was outstanding against that agreement, the balance against that agreement now is zero. So we have a full $600 million of capability, if you will under that revolving debt agreement.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and so effectively the $650 million long term is closer to around 500 million then. Is that right?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We have approximately $500 million debt that exists now.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just kind of following up on a few comments Doug you made in the second quarter and just seeing kind of where we are this quarter. I think you mentioned last quarter that you know Synapse you had expected to have a strong second half, given what you've been hearing and you also had mentioned that in the second quarter that some of your pharma accounts were talking about a better kind of spending in the second half, releasing some delayed investments. And I was curious you gave a lot of color around pharma but just, has that commentary now been dampened on the pharma side and what are you seeing on the Synapt side in terms of the second half.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Synapt was very positive in the third quarter. So as I said our mass spec products did very well. Our triple quads didn't have that strong a quarter because of the transitions that I talked about with Xevo, which means that our high end products did that much better. So Synapt I think, that comment in the second quarter proved to be true in the third quarter and we're optimistic going forward. The pharma is I'd say a mixed bag. I would say where we saw some of that pent-up demands come through was in Europe, where we saw some significant orders break in the large pharma area. In the United States, I'd say we saw some of that happen, but we also saw something that we thought was going to happen not happen. So in that fiscal story it's really not a very homogeneous story in large pharma in the United States. We have half of those of those accounts, who seem to be on track investing in major new products, going very well and another half of those customers who come right up to the edge of saying they are going to expand some projects, expand some opportunities and then tend to back off. So I say that's the current state of things. Overall, I would say it's more of a consistent kind of industry dynamic. Some of the players have changed their momentum but overall say it's still pretty much what we will seeing in the second quarter, Jonathan.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: And on the pharma side as you described that I mean is your sense that this is kind of a talk down mandated by capital budgets are actually being shrunk and is there any reason to think they will remain lower next year. Or is this just is the sense that this is... they still have the budgets and there is a discretionary sense of how to use those budgets?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's different strokes for different folks. I think that some of our large pharma accounts are showing great interest in major strategic manufacturing initiatives. They're looking to significantly improve the productivity in a lot of their process. And I think they're serious. I mean they've now here and we've been there for major meetings. I think it's going through that normal process of are we certain we can deliver or are they certain that they've got the labs in place et cetera. In other cases, I think, yes. I think capital is tight. I think, not a lot tighter than it's been. I think we all ought to realize that overall big pharma has been in pretty tight investment conditions for a while now, some get a little bit tighter this quarter, some loosened up a little bit. Overall I'd say the temperature of that water is pretty much what it's been for the last couple of quarters.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and the last question, John. I think if I was going back and looking at your gross margins in the third quarter and I think this was about the highest that I could find anyway, and I was curious. How much of that was due... you mentioned a few of the different things. How much of that was due to the favorable FX given the fact that the pound weakened considerably earlier than Euro?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean... as we've no doubt that the margins were a little bit more favorable than we had originally anticipated. And we had a strong euro. Euro was up about 8% on average but the pound was only up about 4%. So currency from that perspective was favorably impacted. Additionally in this quarter we had really a full quarter of benefit on cost to sales line as the inventory impacts if you will of currency make their way through the process. There was little impact across the sales where as in the sales line we had drop of at the end that took a couple of points off our topline. So combination of those two probably pushed the currency benefit to may be two-third or so of the overall lift that we saw this quarter. But we also have favorable mix this quarter. We as Doug said our high end mass spec did very well. That had a impact, the incremental chemistry and service sales had an impact on the product cost reductions, little warranty on mass spec. I mean there was a number of operational and currency impacts this quarter that were significant.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, thanks a million.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question from Isaac Ro of Leerink Swann. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Llc: Hi guys, thanks for taking the question. Just first off, are you guys seeing any delays to 2009 budgeting from your customers in pharmaceuticals or elsewhere, given the uncertainty in the economy. And just heading into the fourth quarter, how would see your visibility has changed versus previous years?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't say that we are seeing any specific budgeting delays. I mean these organizations are pretty rigorous in their properties and they don't them significantly year-over-year. So I think you are seeing a reliable set of processes. I would say, one of the dynamics that we have seen in the last several years is that they go through their budgeting processes and they all kind culminate around the October, November, early December timeframe. And... but then in terms of releasing the budget, particularly the capital budgets, they can have things in their budgets, but then they don't release them until they see how the first quarter is going or see how the first half is going. So we have seen that traditionally that people will get their budgets but they won't be authorized to spend against those budgets for a period of time. And frankly, I don't think that that's going to be much different. You are going to see companies speak as conservative as they've been in the past and companies that have been spending normally will continue to spend normally. So I think that dynamic something's that happened all the past three or four years anyway and will likely continue.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Llc: Great, okay. And then on the food and environmental testing side, can you point to any specifically regulatory changes that you think are mandating greater demand use or use of your products and may be how would you characterize this sort of non-discretionary nature of those markets?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I... you can certainly the melamine as stimulating investment both in Asia and in Europe. So while... it's not like a new regulation came about because of melamine, it was just obvious in those applications that you had to do something. I think certainly the most formally regulated market in terms of food safety is Europe. The EU has very clear regulations and where you do have comparable regulations between Europe and U.S., the Europe tends to be more rigorous than the U.S. I think there is a general move in the U.S. that we sense, although I can't point to exact regulations right now, that is increasing regulations for... particularly for food imports. And that's you'd say very normal because of all the heightened interest in things like melamine and other products coming out of Asia that have had no problems with them, pet food certainly, another obvious one. So I think there is certainly a greater interest in Washington. We're being called with some of our experts to testify in front of congressional committees and even in the background to advice people in Washington about what we do in Asia and what we do in Europe. So I think that's going to result in more specific regulations in the U.S. But you don't see those right at this point.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Llc: Okay, great and then in terms of a couple of specific product questions, how do you guys feel about your market share in the NASDAQ side of things. Right now are you seeing any competitors maybe using price as a weapon?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we always see certain competitors use price, particularly depending on where they are in their product life cycle, if they're trying to move old products versus new. I think the mass spec customers on the whole do not buy really based on price. They are really looking for technology, productivity, sensitivity and if all of those things are equal and seventh or eight on the list will be price. That has been the way it was, and I think that's the way those customers continue to react. I mean, I continue to say our mass spec product lines did very well... have done very well, recently even in the transition period of triple quads. So if we're not gaining shares then must be that everybody else is doing very, very well.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Llc: Okay great. And then last question would be on Xevo and then maybe ACQUITY. Could you remind us was there... how much of a contribution from Xevo in the quarter. It sounds like you guys shipped a couple and then on ACQUITY where do you think you are on the adoption cycle?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we have... we are still early in the adoption cycle of ACQUITY. ACQUITY had another very strong quarter for us but we are seeing no lack of opportunities in ACQUITY. And we don't see any strong new competitors entering into the scene at this point. So I'd say we are very encouraged about the continuing opportunities for ACQUITY in both R&D applications and in QA, QC. And I think it's fair to say that we think that Xevo is only in the early phase. The Xevo and Triple Quad didn't contribute a whole lot to our overall mass spec performance in this past quarter. And we think that only gets better.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann Llc: And thanks, [indiscernible].
Operator: Our next question comes from Derik deBruin of UBS. Your line is open.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Hi. Good morning,
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Derik.
Derik deBruin - UBS: So what was the M&A impact on the quarter and also what's your [indiscernible] with M&A on the full year.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: M&A for TA instruments has provided about 4% gross, so would have worked their growth, 10 [ph] I guess without that.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Less then a half of point for the corporation.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: For the Corporation it didn't rounded even half of that.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Okay, that's what I thought great. It based on how we trying to looking at you're giving a FX headwind going into a 4Q. I guess given the current exchange rates right now, what type of FX headwind would we expecting going in 2009. I am calculating around it's 3% headwind, is that about right?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: I say based on... I mean rates were over the place.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Obviously, John yes.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: It's been a difficult time I guess to sit here and try to forecast the FX. But that being said, based on year over run of 1.34 or 35 where it is today, that's probably a couple of points of headwind, may be it's the way we need to understand the other basket of currencies, but I would say you are in the ball park.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Okay and I guess looking at the interest rate from looking at the debts you paid down, I mean what interest rate was that. I am just trying to get a sense for interest expense and savings that you are going to go into '09.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it's fortunate for us that we paid that down really as the interest rate environment was becoming much more expensive. As you know as we came to the tail end of September when the financial crisis hit, there were very wide spreads between LIBOR and the T-Bills. Debt was getting more expensive and interest earned was actually going in the opposite direction. So by being able to pay down the amount of debt that we did, based on where rates are today it basically leads our interest... our net interest cost above where it has been for the first three quarters of the year. Had we not take down that debt, we were seeing maybe a 2 or $3 million increase in costs in the quarter. So it affords us the opportunity to have a comparable Q4 result to what saw in the third quarter.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Okay and it should be lower in 2009 though, just based... on paying it down or does the higher LIBOR rate offset this payment?
Unidentified Company Representative: I'd say, right now we're still living in the bubble of uncertainty in the financial markets and to the extent that we have some of our obscenity, if you will, to that marketplace and you see the traditional spreads that we've historically enjoyed between LIBOR and interest rates on T-bills and government agencies. Then I would say yes, the run rate should perhaps come down a little bit based on where debt and cash balances are right now. But obviously we have to model the whole capital picture for next year to really answer that question.
Derik deBruin - UBS: But it goes to my next question which is, you're doing about $250 million in share buyback, kind of your target for '08. Do you continue to believe that you'll be able to do that going into 2009?
Derik deBruin - UBS: We'd like to, Derek. We're inclined in the absence of significant acquisition opportunities and that I think we'll continue to do the smallest ones. But we don't see any huge ones on the horizon. Our inclination would be to continue to use their cash to buy back stock. I thought the stock was fine to buy when it was approaching 80's, so you can imagine how I feel now.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Yes and I guess just one final question. I guess when you've managed to do really great cost controls on, particularly on the SG&A line. And I guess... is there still a lot of significant savings as we kind of look forward?
Unidentified Company Representative: Significant savings, I think, is probably the wrong way to think about it. I think we believe that we can continue to leverage our sales growth with spending on SG&A and kind of our fixed base of manufacturing spending, increase that at a lower rate than we increase our organic sales. And the beauty of it is we do it across a whole range of spending platforms. We do it in the manufacturing area. We do it in SG&A because we can continue to get growth out of our international organizations at a rate faster than we have to increase the infrastructure spending overseas. And we see that quarter after quarter, and we see it pretty reliably. So it doesn't mean that you can grow your topline at 15 and grow your spending at two or three. But getting one, two, sometimes three points of bigger-ish [ph] out of that dynamic is what we aim to do. Some years, we get two or three, some years we get one but we almost always consistently get that leverage out of our operating spending versus organic sales.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Muken from Deutsche bank. Your line is open.
Muken Ross - Deutsche Bank: Good morning gentleman.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Muken Ross - Deutsche Bank: Somehow my first forty questions I prepared were answered but I think I have at least one or two more that we can discuss today. So in terms of the planning process for Q4 and '09, this is sort of unprecedented market volatility. You've seen a whole host of sort of negatives earnings surprises from large industrial customers and the like. How often you guys are checking economic indicators? Or are you just looking at orders? What sort of the key part of the process for you as you're sort of setting revenue targets next year for the sales force and when you're trying to think about Street related guidance given sort of the degree to which sort of economic shifts are happening here is sort of on a unprecedented levels?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well as we... we clearly I'll kind of look at the overall indicators but largely, our business isn't largely affected by things like overall GDP or overall inflation or unemployment rates. I mean we have to look very specifically at the individual regions of our business because they're affected by significantly different dynamics. I mean we were largely favorably affected by infrastructure spending in China, for instance. When they build roads and buildings and things like that or invest in the Olympics, that doesn't really affect our business but overall China GDP was exploding. What we look for in China is what they're spending on health, in new laboratory construction, food and food safety and food exports. And we think there they're going to continue to spend. We think they have to spend. We think in order for them to be viable on the international market they have to have a reliable trusted product. And so that's why when something like melanin [ph] hits, we immediately see them turn to us for a significant investment in instruments to upgrade laboratory. Places, like India, where generic drug manufacturers make up the bulk of our business, are subset of an Indian economy. So things may be buffering India left and right, I mean really very directly related to what we do depending on how it affects this relatively small segment, sub-segment of the Indian market, that's related to generic drug manufacturers. So that in this time of the year, I could put a light [ph] on, spend a lot of our time, looking at the assumptions of our individual areas and probing what are the current discussions with the customers in those individual areas there. Have their budgets been booked? What are they being promised? How were they reacted in past crisis? So it's a lot of specific information, I'd say, rather than a lot of macro information that we're tracking. And right now we're in the middle of that. We're no way culminated in it. And yes, we're a little bit concerned about the U.S. But I would say not to an extent that makes us significantly concerned about our current run rate.
Muken Ross - Deutsche Bank: And just sort of a follow-up, what do you think the lag time is relative to previous cycles between when we start to hear about general weakness amongst a more sort of economically sensitive customers or those who typically are larger purchasers of the instrument side of your business. What's typically the lag between when we've seen that... sort of in the press or heard rumblings of it and when it sort of started to reflect in your growth and your P&L? And then sort of as a follow-up to that and that will be my final question. Where do you think liquid chromatography ranks in sort of the hierarchy of preference for your core purchasing group? So even if there is on the sort of traditional life science, biopharma piece of the business, any sort of contraction, where do you think it fits in terms of importance relative to sort of other instrument classes, because obviously chromatography is the most sort of prevalent technique in the lab?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think it's pretty clearly... HPLC, now more UPLC, is the number one analytical technique in these laboratories. Certainly, not true in some inorganic labs but in all the labs that we are talking about were the most important technology and certainly AMS, as is connected to HPLC is certainly... closely related to that. So I think we have a privileged position. Again, that the economic downturn... half of our worldwide business or more is related to pharmaceutical accounts either large pharma or generics or biotech and what have you. It's much more important what's affecting that class of customers that general economic conditions, and very often what affects those accounts can be anti-cyclical to what's happening to the overall economy. So you look at that half of the business and another cut of the business is what we keep emphasizing, our recurring business because all of these installed instruments have to be kept up. And through good times and bad we've seen the continuing rolling on of our recurring revenues, regardless of the economic conditions that are out there. So I know I am not answering your questions. I can't give you a simple, if a recession hits tomorrow, then a year and a half later, we see our economically sensitive customers turn down. There is no question that all of us in the long run will be somewhat affected by general economic conditions. If inflation gets higher, our customers will get more sensitive to what they have available to spend. I think generally, we are not as economically sensitive as many companies are out there. The piece of our business that is economically sensitive in that context that you're asking, probably less than 30, 25% of our business, I'd say. So that's probably the best I can do with that question.
Muken Ross - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. That was actually very helpful and congrats on solid execution in what's a very challenging market.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. And operator, I think maybe we can take one more and let this kind people get back to their day jobs.
Operator: Our last question then comes from Marshall Urist from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Yes, hey guys thanks for sneaking me in at the end here. I had a question on, going [ph] in the re-organization. Is that a one-time benefit or does that change sort of how you generate cash from a geographic perspective within the business? And is there any tax implication of that going forward?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes it is a one-time impact if you will. I mean certainly we look re-organizing our business on a frequent date on a common basis going forward based on conditions to change. But this is not something that's going to have an impact on... of the current distribution of the legal entity profits and thus have an impact, for example, on the tax rate or already... where cash is generated from this point forward. So from that perspective you've seen the full impact, if you will, this quarter on the tax line from this specific reorganization.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: And as you look at where that stands right now, are there any other potential opportunities like this within the current structure?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Certainly nothing of this magnitude doesn't exist. So we have smaller opportunities that we take advantage of to bring cash back on a regular basis. The IRS has extended the duration of inter-company loans at this stage. We're buying companies like Waters can loan money from overseas subsidiaries for up to 180 day or so period. I understand, so we will look at that. There's some discussion perhaps that those loans might be permanatized in some fashion maybe similar to the AJCA as time goes forward. So we will stay on top of that. But from a specific Water strategy legal entity perspective there's nothing of the magnitude that you just saw that's in the cards in the short term.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. Then last question, could you just comment specifically on guidance for the fourth quarter on how much sort of typical pharma year-end budget release? Do you anticipate in that number or is it a sort of the same mixed bag, some will have more, some will have less. And then it's the neutral sort of total impact?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd say that that's basically our assumption right now that there is kind of not immaterial... blast out of budget money at the end of the year.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. And thank you all for being with us. These are interesting times as our Chinese friends say. And we look forward to talking to you again after the fourth quarter. Thanks again. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and CEO John Ornell - VP, Finance and Administration and CFO
Analysts: Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Derik deBruin - UBS Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann John Groberg - Merrill Lynch
Operator:
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation's Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. And good morning and welcome to this Waters Corporation's second quarter financial results conference call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, the company's Chief Financial Officer and as is our normal practice, I'm going to start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, and John will follow with details on our financial results and then provide you with our outlook for the second half of the year. But before we get going, I'll like John to cover the cautionary language, please.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q3 and full year 2008. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31st, 2007 in Part-1 under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 2008. During this call we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures for reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussion of the results of operations we may refer to pro-forma results which include the impact of purchased intangible amortization and retirement plan, transition changes, and prior period adjustments.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. Our financial results for the first half of 2008 I think truly highlight the strength of Waters business model. With are technologically focused and yet market diversified in global strategy, we've demonstrated an ability to prosper in a very tight spending environment, maybe the toughest conditions that we've seen in our industry in recent years. Through the first half of '08, we've grown our sales volume by 13%, our adjusted earnings by 24%, and generated exceptional free cash flow. Needless to say, I'm pleased with our first half performance, and I am encouraged that 2008 will be another successful year for us. If you look at the recently completed second quarter results, we experienced a continuation of the trends that we saw here in the first quarter, accompanied by some improvements that we had noted were already materializing when last we spoke. Our business in Europe improved as some delayed capital budgets were released early in the second quarter. And globally, our chemical product sales rebounded from the weakness in the first quarter that was primarily associated with fewer selling days. Generally speaking, the key drivers of sales growth in the second quarter were strong demand from developing markets in Asia, continued expansion of our industrial businesses, and another impressive quarter for our TA instruments division. Overall, there were few surprises in the quarter. Demand from our pharmaceutical customers, which is a market segment that's been under pressure, was in line with our expectations and was just about flat with the prior year's results. On the other hand, our industrial, chemical, food testing and environment testing segments also had double-digit increases in sales. And it's interesting to note that the general economic concerns that we are all hearing about in the news are not reflected in the demand that we're seeing from chemical producers. For the Waters Division, instrumentation sales growth was pretty evenly balanced between chromatography and mass spectrometry. ACQUITY UPLC and Tandem Quadrupole MS systems were faster growers, especially outside the classical pharmaceutical applications. Interest in Synapt based systems continues to be strong, primarily for life science applications, such as proteomics and metabolite identifications. And we anticipate a strong second half for these systems. Sales growth from our recurring revenue products, including service and chemical consumables positively impacted the quarter's results, as ordering rates for our chromatography columns and sample prep devices rebounded to more typical low double digit rates. Geographically the US and Western Europe were positively effected by strong chemical analysis demand, offsetting weak sales from large pharmaceutical accounts. It's important to note that pharmaceutical sales were particularly strong in the second quarter of 2007, and that this year's second quarter results to our largest pharmaceutical accounts were sequentially higher than in the first quarter this year. Asia, ex Japan, continued to see strong double-digit sales growth, with all major markets growing nicely. In Japan, we saw an expected modest improvement in our business, due primarily to industrial demand for our new products. On the new product front, I'm pleased to tell you that we enjoyed a very exciting ASMS this year, as we showcase significant new chromatography in mass spectrometry techniques. Highlights include our new Xevo Tandem Quadrupole Mass Spectrometers and a preview of our TRIZAIC microfluidic trial base UPLC platform. The Xevo system offers researchers new levels of performance and convenience not before brought together in a tandem Quadrupole system. Incorporating features that enable rapid instrument setup, a new performance optimized ion source and a proprietary scan wave feature for enhanced qualitative analysis. The Xevo defines a new category of tandem Quadrupole systems. And we plan initial customer shipments of Xevo this quarter, and I'm pleased to tell you that interest in this new system is very encouraging. TRIZAIC is the new UPLC platform, offering nanoACQUITY chromatographic performance and microfluidic tile format. It's an industry first, TRIZAIC delivers the separation capabilities derived from small particle i.e. ACQUITY packing materials including high-efficiency and fast chromatography and a compact and easy-to-use consumable that's designed to seamlessly integrate with our CINAPS [ph] and Xevo mass spectrometers. TRIZAIC is different from chip-based chromatography platform and that it's compatible with small particle packing materials and the results pressure is that these particles generate. We plan to begin shipment of integrated TRIZAIC MS systems next year. Our TA Instruments division delivered another stellar performance in the second quarter. The division saw a balanced growth geographically and benefited from initial shipment of the performance leading ARES-G2 rheometer that was introduced at the Pittsburgh Conference. TAs prospects for the second half of 2008 looks strong, as we anticipate a continuous ramp in demand for our new products, including the ARES-G2 and microcalorimetry systems from recent TA acquisition. Over the past few years, TA has demonstrated an ability to rapidly and successfully integrate new instrument technologies into its product line. Given this track record, we will continuously look to acquire new product lines and technologies to accelerate the expansion of TA's business, and we will share more information on this front in the near future. John will walk you through the P&L in some detail; however, I would like to point out that we have continued to improve our operational efficiency through product cost reduction programs and expense management. These improvements in combination with our share repurchases have led to superior profitability and faster earnings growth. Through the first half of 2008, we have delivered a record level of free cash flow of more than a $190 million. The period cash flow provides us with a flexibility to further enhance the value of our company, through accretive acquisition, share repurchases or the retirement debt. Looking towards the second half of 2008 and into 2009, I'm encouraged that we'll be able to maintain the momentum that has benefited us for the first six months of '08. So we expect global economic conditions are unlikely to improve in the near term. We feel that our strong product position, the continuing expansion of our businesses in the developing world and the sustainability of our recurring revenues in total position us very favorably for the future. However, understanding the economic and political uncertainties that all companies are facing in the coming quarters, we will remain cautious in our financial outlook and will pursue a balanced strategy that will involve the continued commercialzation of our new instrument systems and technologies with a careful eye to growing profitability and maintaining a high level of cash generation. With that, I would now like to turn it over to John.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. Second quarter results delivered 13% sales growth and 27% growth in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share. Earnings per share were $0.76 this quarter, compared to $0.60 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $0.82 this quarter, compared to $0.59 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Included in our income statement this quarter is an $0.08 EPS benefit related to a cumulative adjustment of prior periods. For several years, we have been capitalizing and amortizing software development costs on our US books [ph] and tax affect the net income statement impact of these items at US tax rates. We recently realized that because of all of the economic rights to this capitalized software reside in one of our Irish subsidiaries, we should have tax affected their net impact at Irish tax rates. Across a 10-year period, the cumulative impact of this overcharge is $0.14. Additionally because these capitalized software amounts were accounted for as a US asset, it was not amortized in appreciated euros across the same time frame, which resulted in understating our cost of sales by $0.06. The net impact of this correction is then an increased earnings this quarter of $0.08. These amounts are immaterial to all prior periods and, therefore, have been recorded as a prior period adjustment this quarter. On a going forward basis, the impact of this change will be a decrease in our tax rate this year of nearly 1% and an increase in cost of sales that will reduce our gross margin by nearly 25 basis points. The net P&L impact for 2008 is essentially neutral. Turning now to our operational performance for Q2; sales grew by 13% this quarter with currency providing 6 percentage points of growth. Looking at corporate sales growth regionally and before foreign exchange effects, sales in the US were up 6% this quarter and within Europe, sales were up 3%. Sales within Japan remained somewhat soft and were down by 6% and sales in Asia outside of Japan remained strong and were up 22%. Turning to the product front, within the Waters division, Instrument systems grew by 3% against a very strong base of comparison. Our service business grew by 11% and chemistry had 11% growth as well. Our TA Instruments division had another strong quarter with sales up 15% versus prior year, resulting from strong new product sales. Now I would like to comment on non-GAAP margins and expenses, excluding the items noted in this morning's press release. Gross margin remained strong this quarter and came in at 58.2%. Versus prior year, margins expanded by about 140 basis points. We continue to benefit from product cost reductions, favorable product mix and currency translation. SG&A expenses grew by about 10% this quarter compared to prior year, and were heavily influenced by currency translation. R& D expenses grew by 16% as new product introduction costs raised our spending somewhat this quarter. We currently expect our full year effective tax rate to be about 17.5%. To adjust year-to-date taxes within the second quarter, our Q2 tax rate is 16.9%. The decline in our full year effective rate is principally the result of the capitalized software adjustment I previously described. On the stock buyback front, we continue to repurchase our shares in the open market, and during the second quarter we purchased 1.25 million shares of our common stock for $77.6 million. Fully diluted average share count was 101 million shares for the quarter. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $831 million, and debt totaled $984 million, bringing us to a net debt position of about $153 million. We measure free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures, plus any non-cash tax benefit from FAS 123R accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. For the quarter, free cash flow was $89 million after funding $18 million of CapEx. Comparable free cash flow in Q2 last year was $91 million, and for the first half of 2008 our free cash flow is up 12%. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 71 days this quarter, equal to Q1 last year. And without currency effects, DSO improved by about three days versus prior year. Inventories increased about $10 million this quarter with currency translation comprising $3 million of the increase. Now, I would like to turn to our outlook for the remainder of 2008. Our second quarter sales results were in line with our prior expectations, and we believe the current business conditions remain comparable to those we assessed last quarter. Therefore, we continue to believe that we will be able to deliver sales growth in the range of 6% to 8% before currency effects. Currency at today's levels should add about 5% to growth this year bringing our overall growth to 11% to 13%. Moving down to P&L; for the full year, we expect gross margins to improve by about 120 basis points, as a result of improved production efficiencies on higher production volumes, favorable mass spec sales mix, product cost reductions and continued favorable foreign currency translation effects. Operating expenses are expected to grow at a rate above/equal to sales. We will moderate our spending on additional resources to keep our expense growth aligned with actual sales volumes. We expect our tax rate to be about 17.5% for the remainder of 2008, incorporating a lower tax rate on capitalized software costs. Net interest expense is expected to be in the neighborhood of $20 million. And our fully diluted average shares outstanding are currently estimated to be about 101 million shares for the full year. Rolling all of this together, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings for fully diluted share to be in the range of $3.25 to $3.35 per share, where sales growth is between 11% and 13%. For Q3 we expect sales growth of 11% to 12%. Gross margins should continue to see significant improvements versus prior year. And operating expenses are expected to grow at a rate comparable to sales. Earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be between $0.73 and $0.77 for the third quarter. Doug.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. And operator, I think at this point we could open it up for Q&A. QUESTION AND ANSWER
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, gentlemen. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: I wanted to talk about the developing market, specifically China. There was a recent GDP report that was slightly below trend over the last several quarters. And you guys obviously had really nice growth this quarter, 20% plus. Are you seeing any sort of slacking of demand there and where would you characterize the different pockets of strength or weakness within that market?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Russ, we're seeing -- I'd say we've seeing remarkably consistent demand from China for a while now. In the second quarter, there was remarkably no change from the last several quarters. Actually, in China, I'd say it's a pretty balanced mix across our typical applications, including pharmaceutical. But I would say the strongest areas continue to be in what we classify as industrial applications, environmental, food and beverage are particularly strong, and food and beverage, it's both in quality evaluation and in regulated export type of applications. A lot of soft drink applications growing in ample, Southeast Asia marketplace, so I'd say it's -- and that's what we've seen consistently. I'd say it didn't particularly move in the most recent quarter.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: And, you know, as we look to the consumable piece of the business, you saw a nice rebound off of Q1 levels. Can you talk about sort of the differential there? Was there any impact from more selling days in the quarter or was that just purely sort of demand related making up for some of the weakness we saw in Q1?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We think that the weakness that we saw in the first quarter was largely due to calendar items, the timing of Easter and the way the yearend fell versus the way the first quarter ended, losing a couple of selling days on top of Easter. It might have been just a smidge of formal weakness that creeps in there, but by far we thought it was calendar items. And, in fact, the second quarter largely returned to our traditional low double-digit growth rates across those product lines. So we're pretty confident that the first quarter was the anomaly and that our business in that area is pretty predictable going forward at this current rate.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks, guys, I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Hi. Good morning. Congratulations on nice quarter as well.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Quintin.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: With respect to the European, I guess return to spending from some of your big pharmaceutical customers, did you see just a gradual increase or did you see kind of a make up from Q1 and Q2? And can you talk a little bit about, you know, do you see -- is it drug discovery, is it moving to CROs or any kind of color on that return?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I wouldn't have you believe that Europe is all that different from what we're experiencing across the pharmaceutical marketplace. We did see -- because we saw some specific orders that we thought were delayed in the first quarter. We did pick those up in the second quarter, so that, you know, helps us believe that our sales intelligence is working. But overall, I'd say the Euro phrama market is pretty consistent with the US pharma market and that's very cautious.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: And then, with respect to gross margin, I think that as input prices -- input costs seem to be going up, like steel, copper, resin costs, you've been able to still, in fact, if anything, increase your gross margin expansion expectations. So tell us a little bit about how you are dealing with the cost of the input prices for you and what is the pricing environment for your products to be able to pass that through to your customers? If you need to.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a very fair question. I would say we're seeing some pockets of strength in producer pricing and, you know, certainly in the freight area, anything that requires fuel, we're certainly hearing rumblings and we've seen some real increases. In some areas, where we deal with some reasonably rare metals in our products, we're seeing some movement to higher pricing. But it represents a relatively small part of the overall inputs to our product line. And I would say what you're seeing is the continual focus on driving improved processes to the ACUITY product line, to a lesser extent on a number of our other product lines. But also the fact that as our new mass spec products come online, they're inherently better margins and as they take up a better overall level of the sales volume, that's what here John referred to as product mix, a lot of that is happening in our product line as these. As we drive efficiency through the plants, we're getting just a better, you know, gross margin mix of the existing sales volume. So that's -- we've been talking about that with ACUITY. We continue to focus on it, that when we introduced it, it's at a high point in its cost structure and we continuously move that along and that's really what you're seeing, combined with some benefit from the foreign exchange -- you know, the weakness in the dollar.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird.: Thank you for that. And then last question and I'll jump back in the queue, for the second half of this year, your tax rate assumption, so should we just assume kind of that 18.5 or 18.6 range?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: No. As we go through the second half, we're currently expecting about a 17.5% rate, Quintin. And that incorporates the going forward effect of the cap software. So that's offset by a slightly higher cost of sale associated with higher amortization costs, the FX piece of the amortization costs. So 17.5% rate for us now is the rate we expect to see for the future.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird.: I see, so what we saw here in this quarter continues on for the next couple of quarters, then?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, yes.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird.: Okay. And then when does that anniversary, then, Q1 of next year?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Well I mean next year we'll have to reassess again what the rate will be just given the mix of income across legal entities. But until the situation changes with cap software and perhaps there's a different mix of how much is being capitalized versus amortized, the 17.5% rate is likely to stay at least for the next couple of quarters or perhaps a longer.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. As we look at next year for that the effect of cap software in and of itself, we don't think that's going to be a significant dynamic in moving that 17.5% tax rate.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: So, if everything works out in our plan, and you know, tax rates are not the easiest thing as we're seeing to forecast, all other things being equal, we'd expect it to be around the 17.5% next year, also.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: That's right.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator:
Doug Schenkel with Cowen & Company:
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Hi. Good morning. And thanks for taking my questions.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Good morning.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: In a seemingly tough raw material environment, you increased your expected year-over-year full year gross margin improvement from 100 basis points to 120 basis points. You pointed to mass spec as one driver to why you expect the gross margins to improve year-over-year. Does this imply anything about changes in end market dynamics or your market share expectations for the full year?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, not really. I mean, you know, we think it's a tough marketplace out there and we think we've got new -- good new products, so I wouldn't shy away from saying we think we are doing better than many others in the marketplace. But I think the margin dynamics just are kind of as we explained it, foreign exchange is better, the efficiencies in our existing product lines are better. And as we've introduced in the mass spec area, you know, with the new products came in with a better cost configuration than the old products and we didn't have to trade down on price, so we just have the better gross margin dynamic as they take up a bigger share of our mass spec volume. So that's really what's happening there.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: And as Doug explained earlier, you know, the impact of commodity pricing really hasn't come through in our cost of sales in a big way. So I'm certain in other environments or other companies that is much larger issue, but for us, it's just isn't right now.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The reason, how that affects our business is to factor in why we are cautious in getting more exuberant about the potentials to grow faster, we think the cost dynamics may affect our customers a little bit more than they affect us, and that's why we continue to look a little more cautiously at our top line growth, but we don't think it's going to have a material impact. It does have an impact, you know, we do have a lot of travel costs, our sales force travels and so we've factored that into our budget estimates, but we think it's in there at a reasonable level.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Okay, that is helpful. And then maybe another guidance question. Could I just confirm that there were no changes in your year-over-year expectations for pharma demand incorporated in to your new guidance? And as a follow up to that, keeping in mind the recent announcements from Roche-Genentech to have a bar, can you talk about how consolidation in big pharma and biotech may impact demand and pricing moving forward?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think in general the level of potential consolidation going on in big pharma isn't as material as it was, you know, when Pfizer bought Pharmacia or Warner Lambert or when Glaxo bought Wellcome and others. So I think the level that we're looking about well, could influence those companies in their…their investments. You know Roche owned half of Genentech anyway. I don't think it's likely to have a huge impact there. So, you know, overall, I'm not feeling all that bad about what's likely to happen on that score, but we're forecasting the second half to be conditions along the lines of what we're seeing now. We're not expecting a robust improvement in the pharmaceutical world. I would tell you that some of the pharmaceutical accounts are talking about a better second half, but they have delayed investments and that they think they'll be investing in the second half. I can also tell you we're not taking a significant amount of that to the bank in our forecast. So if it happens, I think we'll benefit from it, but it's… I think it's still a tough environment for those larger pharmaceutical accounts.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Great. And if I could just ask one more question and then I'll get back in the queue. You talked about strong indications in terms of demand for Xevo. Could you share anything in terms of which end markets have been… in which end markets were you seeing the strongest interest?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Interestingly enough, as you probably know, our market share in the Quantitative Bioanalysis segment isn't that great, hasn't been for the last, five or six years for a number of reasons. Some restructuring on the part of some competitors. I think a lot of those traditional accounts have started looking at alternate suppliers. So we're seeing a great deal of interest in some of those traditional pharmaceutical markets, about Xevo in particular, and I think, you know, some of it's just being careful on their part, and I won't say that we are seeing a lot of that manifest itself in real business yet, but it's an encouraging sign. Sailing [ph] that its Xevo basically now operates… incorporates some significant qualitative features into what traditionally has been a more quantitative set of customer applications. We're seeing interest in the academic world, in the governmental world, as well as in our classical applied markets in food and beverage and environmental. So it's encouraging, but I think it will be another couple of quarters before we can really point to tangible business that I can report, yeah, we think we've taken some share here.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Company: Great. Well, thanks again for taking all the questions.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Maybe just actually asking Doug's earlier question in another way on the competitive front, are you seeing anything meaningful in terms of share shift, in terms of, you know, competitive bid activity picking up or anything out of the ordinary?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You mean specifically in pharma or --
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Yes. Both pharma and academics, so…
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I would not say anything on the competitive front, Tycho, that's of real note. I would say just in the pharma world, as I said, we're seeing customers that say they want and need instrumentation, but they have delayed. I can say in one or two cases as we've gone into the third quarter, early on we've seen some of that business fall in. But I wouldn't say that it's… it reflects a big difference in what those accounts are doing competitively or they're looking for more quotes. My anecdotes on the triple quad side are just that, anecdotes and, as I say, I think we'll have to see that play out over the next six months.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. And then with regards to the carry over from last quarter, you had some orders that got pushed through and then the Easter impact, could you just quantify the impact of what that was and then also, the margin contribution this quarter from FX mix and cost reduction.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think the calendar effect was largely on our consumables and service side of the business, and that… all in that business went from about 7%, I think, growth in the first quarter to low double-digits in the second quarter. So…and low double digits is what we always kind of expect out of that business because it's very reliable and predictable, and so we thought 2 to 3 points kind of was the effect on that consumables business in the first quarter.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Yeah.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's much tougher call. We intuitively thought there was some effect on the Instrument side, but not as quantifiable and it's a lumpier consideration. In terms of the…
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: The margin contributions, and just the relative impact of FX and cost reduction.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: FX was --
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: About a half.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Better than half, just better than half in the quarter. Currency was a little better than I thought it would be, versus the initial expectations, so we ended up with a bit more of an impact from FX this time around and then the cost reductions in the mix are probably about equally weighted, you know, maybe 20%, 25% each, something like that.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. And then you had at PITTCON introduced something for the QA, QC market with the patrol [ph]. Are you still kind of thinking that's a longer term, couple of year ramp there, are you seeing anything from a regulatory standpoint?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we actually didn't budget for… anything meaningful this year. We're still working with thought-mirror [ph] accounts to really work on the sampling end of it and making sure that we can reliably in a rugged environment deliver the kind of performance that they need. So we didn't anticipate that was going to be a big dynamic this year. I would suggest probably into the second half of '09 when we'll really…we are hopeful that we can bring that to a reliable ongoing source of revenue.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. And then finally, just for John, did you say the normalized tax rate was 16.9% in the quarter?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: No, the run rate tax -- the tax rate going forward that we should use is 17.5%.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: 16.9, takes into account the impact of adjusting the year-to-date rates within the quarter, so for the second half of the year, 17.5 is what we're expecting.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Okay. So what was the normalized tax rate, then, for the quarter?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: 17.5.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: 17.5, okay.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Because of the catch-up, because the first quarter's rate was 18.6 and we want to bring the year-to-date to 17.5. We had to bring the rate down in the quarter to 16.9. Okay. So 17.5 is the rate we should think about for 2008.
Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you very much.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Derik deBruin with UBS.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Hi, good morning.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Derik.
Derik deBruin - UBS: You know, your TA business has just continued to just outperform beyond all expectations. You know, and you've done -- you've tucked in some nice acquisitions in there and done like that. I guess -- talk a little bit more about that market and other acquisition opportunities out there and, I guess, was the 21% -- I mean was there any acquisition in the number this quarter?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: 15%. The growth rate for TA we said was 15%.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Okay.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: And there is probably a couple of points, maybe, of rollover M&A in there, it's rather small.
Derik deBruin - UBS: But then for the overall business, it's like 13.5% for the overall business?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, yes. Absolutely.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Okay. What other opportunities are there out there in the TA markets?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There are a number of opportunities. I would characterize them. They're not huge sales revenue acquisition opportunities. They tend to be on the smaller side. There are some that are maybe in the 40 to $50 million revenue side, but I wouldn't say we have many of those targeted right now. There are a lot of applications that surround these industrial markets that are available for augmenting our current product line. So, you know, this is one area where I think on average doing one or two things a year is imminently doable. They'll tend to be on the smaller side. That's the -- but they keep this business, I think, predictable double-digit grower over the long term. If you just look at the product lines and the applications that it's serving, this business continues to bring new products, particularly the new rheometer product. It's a leader in the marketplace and a lot of natural growth just from upgrading the installed base that hasn't seen a new instrument here in a while. So I think the next two, three quarters are very predictable from the source of growth that is driving the business today.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Okay. You've done about -- your growth margin is up 120 basis points this year. How much more room is there when you start looking out at 2009? I mean is there another 100 points variance there over the next couple of years?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: I don't if I would quote a 100 basis points. I'm little too conservative I think to predict anything of that nature. I mean obviously we've had the benefit of foreign exchange. We're going to anniversary that. You could argue next year, so it's unlikely that you're going to see the improvement again associated with foreign exchange. But on the other hand, I would say that on the product cost side, you know, we continue to identify opportunities for cost reduction on the ACUITY product, some of which you've seen, some of which is still in the works. We've recently transferred a couple of our HPLC detectors to Singapore, they're ramping up. So, we're going to see some cost reductions from those. So I'd say from the normal course of business, outside of foreign exchange, you know, that 10, 20 basis points of improvement that we generally look for every year, I'd say looks very positive, given the opportunities that we have on the cost reduction side. And I do think, as we look at the chemistry business going forward, to the extent that the installed base of ACUITY continues to grow, we're likely to see that being beneficial to our growth rate on the chemistry products, which will likewise improve margins. So I think, a little bit of that mix will continue. The product cost reductions look good for the next couple of years. I don't think that translates perhaps -- you know, maybe we're talking 40, 50 basis points, it's not going to be 100 basis points and then currency is anyone's guess I'd say at this stage.
Derik deBruin - UBS: That's helpful. I guess in the -- you know, where have you seen your biggest pockets of growth from, in Asia? Has it been mostly the industrial, chemical, from that standpoint? And is that across – and then between TA business, let's just talk about the Waters specific business. Where has been the greatest market growth is coming from in that market?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, if you look at region, our countries, outside of Japan, we've seen strength almost everywhere. And it's somewhat geographical. If you look at the smaller markets like Thailand, Vietnam, we're certainly seeing a lot of food analysis business there. If you look at Korea, you know, we see a lot of industrial applications, but also a good mix of pharmaceutical. China, as I said before, is a very balanced mix across pharmaceutical applications, food and beverage, governmental labs. So I'd say, you know, China is kind of across all the fronts and that's the biggest marketplace for us in Asia. India is principally pharmaceutical and that continues -- that pharmaceutical market continues to grow, a good double-digit basis. So I'd say India is the most homogenous of all of our markets.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Some people have raised some questions about does China slow after the Olympics and how cyclical is the food safety analysis as people get worried about food prices and things like that, have you heard anything to suggest that those markets could potentially slow?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: First thing is, I don't think any of our business has been affected really on the upside from the Olympics. So it's not like we've got a big bolus of business that's coming in for that, other than maybe some environmental testing in general, you might say is influenced by, you know, the Chinese wanting to clean up their environment. But most of what we're seeing is much more infrastructure, has more of a long-term feel to it. We don't -- if anything, I think we think the food safety opportunity in China is much bigger. We think the soft drink analysis and testing market is bigger, both in China and throughout that area. So, you know, it's -- you can't ever tell in these somewhat command economies what the command will decide to do, but I think it's going to be awfully hard to radically change the path that they're on in a lot of these applications. We get no sense that they're tapping out, certainly not in the next couple of quarters. And I wouldn't say we're seeing any advance signs of it. So your guess and others' are as good as ours in terms of what the '09, '10 pretends, but I think it's going to be tough for them to move out of this cycle that they're in.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions, sorry about that. Real quick on new product introductions, such as Xevo and TRIZAIC. Can you talk a little bit about how customer evaluation times might be changing relative to the total capital spending environment you mentioned? And then secondly on those products, how do you think margins compare on those systems relative to your corporate average for instrumentation?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The margins will be -- will not negatively influence…
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: About average at the introduction. Yeah. With longer term opportunity to improve.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right. I'd say in the evaluation side, it's bimodal. In applied markets, it's -- we don't think -- again, we're early on in the introduction. We don't think it's going to be particularly long, because what we're really offering is a new capability with the qualitative capability in Xevo. In the Quantitative Bioanalysis market, I think that's likely to be a more traditional evaluation process. So that's one reason why I was saying it's going to be another six months before we probably have a good feeling in that marketplace, how this is going to shape up in terms of market share.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Okay, great. And then just taking another look at maybe lateral impacts of M&A and the drug industry, can you maybe talk about how your business with CROs has increased either as a percentage of your total customer base or on an absolute basis in recent years? For example are you doing more business with a measurably larger number of CROs today or just doing more business with the same larger players in that market?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd say in general in the western world, our business with CROs has been the strongest part of our pharmaceutical industry or one of the strongest; generics have been very strong too. And for the most part those CROs have been the same names that you would have recognized five years ago, they've just been growing much faster and they've been investing in instrumentation much faster. The place where we've seen new…and some of it's, you know, just different corporate names, is in Eastern Europe and in India where you're seeing new CROs come on the scene and new business opportunities there. We don't disclose particularly what those CROs grow, but your assumption is correct, it's been growing in the double digits consistently and it's been a strong part of the pharma business.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Great, and lastly on…just in the first quarter call, I think you mentioned a major pharma customer that delayed or having a specially delayed capital spending cycle in the first quarter. Can you see whether or not that customer or if it was a group of them had snapped back in the quarter or at least normal…
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd say in specifics that was related to Europe, and we did as I said before, that business did come in. We're seeing similar kinds, you know, it's always a question of something moves out of the first into the second, so something move out of the second into the third? We've seeing perhaps even a little bit more of that kind of anecdote at the end of the second quarter and, in fact, we've seeing some of that business come in already in the third quarter. So we're kind of monitoring that very closely because it's possible that that business could turn a little bit more favorable than we think. But we're very cautious about taking one or two data points and thinking that this war is won.
Isaac Ro - Leerink Swann: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: John Groberg with Merrill Lynch.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking the call. Congratulations on a very solid quarter. Can I ask John, I need a couple of clarification questions? What was your contribution from acquisitions? I know you had a Calorimetry acquisition, and then also what was the...
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: That added maybe a couple of percentage points to the 15% TA, without it might have been 13.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It is less than a point.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: It's well under a point for the full corporation.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And the FX impact of the bottom line. I know you talked about the gross margin impact, but can you quantify?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: It ends up being about a penny for every percent on the top line, so it's around a 6%ish bottom line impact for the quarter.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: $0.06, you mean?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then if I got the numbers right, you said US and local currency grew 6, Europe 3, Japan was down 6, and Asia was 22%. I think in Japan you had easier comps from the second quarter of '07 relative to the first quarter. Just curious.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: They get easier across the year. The second quarter was still a bit more difficult. I mean in constant currencies, Japan grew 8% in the second quarter; the minor 6 was pulling currency out. And then comps the get considerably easier in Q3 and Q4. Our expectation would be that Japan should flatten out to show some growth as we move through the second half.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: I'm sorry, so the numbers you gave were the negative were… the 6% included currency, then, and in local currency Japan grew 8%?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Whenever I talk about regional growth, I talk about it stripping currency out, so --
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Because the Japanese currency…
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: (inaudible) benefit of currency went down 6%, but, again, if you just looked at it in Yen, it would have been an 8% increase.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, no. Let's make sure. In standard currency, in Yen.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: It was down 6%.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We thought [ph] 6%.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Because of the Yen strength.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Because you had the Yen strengthening, that raised the translated numbers to grow.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: I am sorry, that's right.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: So you were right John. So in real organic terms, Japan was not -- it wasn't down as much as it was in the first quarter.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Right.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And we think that's the trend. It will improve in the second half of the year.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: My overall question there on Japan was it looks like it's improving, but still kind of difficult, so I was trying to get an update on that.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we share that. We think the worst is behind us. We had some very tough comps coming into the year. You know, Japan pharma in particular, is not strong, but we're seeing the applied markets and the chemical analysis piece to be reasonably optimistic.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And what was your… you mentioned the growth. What's kind of your split now between the overall pharma, life science, everyone defines it and industrial chemical? Where do you see that kind of in your internal plans? Where do you see that being, you know, a few, three to five years from now? It sounds like you're really focusing on expanding that industrial chemical piece of your overall exposure.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's true, but pharma, broadly defined pharma is a trade class. It's still the largest piece of our business. So that represents all in about 60% of our worldwide revenue. But it is true that food and beverage, environmental and those applied industrial markets are growing faster today. You know, I'd still say we see real opportunities for good, solid growth in the pharmaceutical market, maybe not from, you know, the traditional largest pharmas, but including CROs, including the developing markets of eastern Europe and in Asia and in generic drug manufacturers, there's still… we grew that business in the first quarter. It was flattish in the second quarter, and we still see opportunities for real growth going forward, particularly there comes a point when a lot of these companies that have delayed and delayed and delayed have got to invest in more of their replacement products. So we think there will be pent up replacement in demand even in some of the accounts that are pretty weak right now.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: But for you guys, I mean historically I guess, I think it has been 75% life science, 25% more industrial. Is that… is that either via acquisition or where you're focusing growth? I know what you said, but do you anticipate that changes?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think you include the government academic when you get up to the 75% level.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Sure.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, so the 60% I was talking about is just pharmaceutical. We're still at about that 75% level if you include government academic applications.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And my question was more just three to five years, either via acquisitions, where you focus your acquisitions or what's your --
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, I think you can say that right now we see that industrial world, we see TA in specific kind of outgrowing our Waters business right now, and we're focusing our acquisition activity there, but it would just be wrong to think that that 75% is going to go to 45% or something like that. It -- on the fringe, industrial will probably grow faster in the next couple of years.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And you don't have some kind of, I don't know if you had an internal three to five-year target of what you'd like that mix to be, I guess, is kind of --
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: No. I'd like that pharmaceutical world to go back to double-digit growth.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then last question, you know, Doug, you defined this as one of the most difficult spending environments in some time, but you still put up a good quarter. I'm just curious, did the timing in the quarter play out differently than it has for you in the past? I know a lot of your sales come in kind of in the last three weeks to a month.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think, you know, materially so. I would say, you know, at some points in the quarter, like all quarters, it looked like it would be better and then maybe a few of those large accounts that have been talking about, you know, that we really thought were going to buy this quarter pushed out into the next quarter or two. So if you had talked to me at one point in the quarter, John, if I were willing to say anything to you, of course, I might have been a little bit more optimistic, but, you know, that happens to some extent in a lot of quarters, so I just think what we're seeing is that in the large… particularly large pharma accounts, you get one piece of that constituency saying we've got to spend, we've got to move these projects ahead and then as it comes time to actually spend the money, they get a little bit more cautious sometimes. We think that that could change, but it hasn't changed significantly at this point.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks a million.
Operator: Sir, at this time I show no questions.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, very good. Thank you all for taking part in this and we'll look forward to talking to you next quarter.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and CEO John Ornell - VP, Finance and Administration and CFO
Analysts: Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch Derik deBruin - UBS (US) John L. Sullivan, CFA - Leerink Swann & Company
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This conference is being recorded. If anyone has objections please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. And good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter financial results conference call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. And as is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's highlights and then John will follow with some details on our financial results and then provide you with the -- our outlook for the second quarter and then for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, and for Q2 and full year 2008. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and actual events or results may differ materially. For detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, read [ph] our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, Part I under the caption 'Business Risk Factors.' We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 2008. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussion of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of purchased intangible amortization and retirement plan transition changes.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. Well, overall I've said, I am pleased with our financial results in the first quarter that has been for many companies one of the most difficult quarters in a number of years. With 12% revenue growth, 23% earnings per share growth, and over $100 million in free cash flow generated, I think it's hard to characterize our results as anything but very good. Examining the quarter's results a little more closely to better understand these results, our organic growth rate in the first quarter did come in lighter than we expected as we did see some delays in spending from many of our pharmaceutical accounts and continued weakness in our Japanese business. Qualitatively these trends were consistent with the market dynamics that we talked about in our January call. However, weaknesses in these segments were in fact a little more significant than we had envisioned, and accounted for the lion share of the variation in our organic sales results from our expectations. Looking at our pharmaceutical accounts, sales in Europe were less than our forecast, especially for high-end research instrument system. Discussions with both our customers and our management staff in Europe suggested much of the weaknesses associated with order delays, and that business momentum should improve throughout the year. Our market segments within Europe, outside of pharmaceutical performed in line with our expectations; both [ph] in Eastern Europe continues to be strong. In North America, sales to a handful of drug firms were also soft, and contributed to a flattish year-over-year performance. Yet too we expect that order rates will pick-up throughout the year. Pharmaceutical accounts outside of our top 15 to 20 accounts, including generics, CROs and biotech companies demonstrated good sales growth and allowed us to grow our overall pharmaceutical sales in the quarter. In addition, and as we have seen in the past few quarters, sales to the drug industry in Asia have been a significant driver for the entire pharmaceutical sector. Looking forward to the remainder of 2008, we're cautiously optimistic that our pharma business will improve. Already we have seen increased order activity in the opening weeks of the second quarter and some indications at some of our historically largest accounts, ones that have been particularly conservative during the past couple of years, maybe ready to accelerate their spending. Looking at instrument product lines within the Waters division, sales for most categories grew at similar rates during the quarter with research related systems seeing a little more softness than systems for more routine testing applications. Our business in Asia outside of Japan continued to be a strong double-digit growth trajectory. Pharmaceutical demand was strong in India and China as outsourcing from the developed world continues, and more large western firms expand their footprint in the region. We believe we will continue to see strong growth here for the rest of the year. In Japan we continue to weather a combination of soft market conditions and a difficult base quarter comparison. Though we expect economic conditions in Japan to remain at best uncertain, more favorable quarterly comparisons as we move through 2008 will help us offset market weakness. In the first quarter we grew our recurring revenues at a slower than typical rate. The issues already mentioned in Japan along with some logistical factors specific to the quarter account for most of the shortfall. However, we are very confident that the first quarter's result is somewhat of an aberration and that growth rates for our recurring revenues will rebound during the year. Looking at TA Instruments we are pleased with the first quarter's results. During the quarter, the division was able to grow its newly acquired microcalorimetry business while driving geographically balanced growth for its core thermal and rheology line. The first quarter's results do not yet reflect the positive impact of new research-grade rheometers that we plan to begin shipping later this quarter. We are expecting another strong year from TA Instruments this year. Moving down to P&L, it's clear to see operational improvements throughout the business. Our efforts to reduce manufacturing costs have improved our gross margins, while expense controls have allowed us to leverage our spending. We believe that we'll continue to see year-over-year improvements as we move through 2008. On the manufacturing front, we plan to increase production levels of chromatography instrumentation in Singapore this year, higher production volumes in Singapore will allow us to reduce manufacturing cost further, as well as providing additional tax benefits. John will be walking you through other P&L detail, I wanted to comment on our strong cash flow in the first quarter and reemphasize the priority we've placed on this important metric. During the quarter and before funding the transition from a defined benefit retirement plans to 401(k) plan, we generated a little over $100 million in free cash flow, which represents, by the way, 27% of sales. This level of cash generation is indicative of the operational efficiency of our business and provides us with significant flexibility to strengthen our business going forward. Throughout the first quarter we aggressively acted on our share repurchase program. And looking at our investment plans for 2008 you should expect us to continue to seek up acquisition opportunities slightly similar in size as we have completed over the past couple of years, and for us to deploy the balance of our cash flow to our share repurchase plan. Finally, looking at our EPS growth for the first quarter, I think it clearly shows that we demonstrated an ability to manage our operations and our balance sheet to maximize our returns. As we move through 2008, we plan to fully fund our key product development program, and expand our sales and support organizations in growth markets while closely managing our spending. In closing, I would like to note that we feel we have a very strong new product pipeline and are prepared and well-positioned to aggressively and profitably expand our market position. I would like to turn it over to John.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Doug. Our first quarter results delivered 12% sales growth and 23% growth in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share. Earnings per share was $0.69 this quarter compared to earnings of $0.56 last year. On a GAAP basis our earnings were $0.67 this quarter compared to $0.54 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Sales grew by 12% this quarter with currency providing six percentage points of growth. Looking at corporate sales growth regionally and before foreign currency effects, sales within the U.S. and Europe were impacted by a sluggish start to the year at several of our top pharma accounts. Sales within US were up 9% this quarter and within Europe sales were down about 2% before currency effects. Sales within Japan remain soft and were down by 9% while sales in Asia outside of Japan remained strong and were up 27%. Turning to the product fronts within the Waters division, instrument systems grew by 5%, our service business grew by 7%, and chemistry had a 3% growth rate. At TI Instruments division had another strong quarter with sales up 12% versus prior year resulting from strong new product sales. Now I would like to comment on non-GAAP margins and expenses excluding items noted in this morning's press release. Gross margin came in better than expected at 58.2% this quarter versus prior year, margins expanded by about 150 basis points. This quarter we had the benefit of new product cost reductions, favorable product mix, and currency translation was favorable as well exhibiting a strengthening yen and euro combined with a relatively flat British pound. SG&A expenses grew by about 13% this quarter compared to prior year, and were heavily influenced by currency translation. R&D expenses grew by 6%. Company's effective tax rate this quarter was 18.6%, which is generally consistent with our initial expectations. This rate is slightly above our 2007 tax rate due to higher profits in our euro denominated entities, which will have higher profits this year at current exchange rates. On the stock buyback front, we continued to purchase our shares in the open-market and during the first quarter we purchased 1.3 million shares of our common stock for $75 million. Fully diluted share count was 102 million shares for the quarter. On the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $759 million, and debt totaled $929 million bringing us to a net debt position of about $170 million. In the quarter, we closed on a new additional committed term loan facility of $150 million, which provides us with additional access to capital and financial flexibility. We measure free cash flow, as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus any non-cash tax benefits from FAS 123R accounting, and excluding unusual non-recurring items. In the quarter, free cash flow hit a record $100 million after funding $14 million of CapEx and adding back $6 million of FAS 123R tax benefits, and excluding a $12 million payment associated with the transition of pension plan to 401(k) plan in the U.S. However, free cash flow in Q1 last year was $78 million. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 78 days this quarter, up one day from Q1 last year, without currency effects DSO improved by three days versus prior year. And inventories increased by $21 million this quarter with currency translation comprising about $7 million of this increase. And now I would like to turn to our outlook for the remainder of 2008. Given the slower top-line start to the year we experienced with our large pharma customers, and more difficult in economic environment Japan, we believe that a reasonable expectation for sales growth for 2008 would be somewhere in the range of 6 to 8% for organic sales for the full year. Currency of today's levels should add at least 4% to growth this year bringing our overall growth rate to 10 to 12%. Moving down to P&L. For the full year, we expect gross margins to improve by about 100 basis points as a result of improved production efficiencies on higher volumes of ACQUITY products, favorable mass spec sales mix that contains more high-end mass spec system sales, our favorable product cost reductions, the favorable foreign currency translation benefit. Operating expenses are expected to grow at a rate about equal to sales. As the year progresses, we will moderate our spending, our additional resources to keep our expense growth aligned with actual sales volumes. We expect our tax rate to be about 18.6% for 2008, and net interest expense is expected to be in the neighborhood of $20 million. And our fully diluted outstanding shares are currently estimated to be about 101 million shares for the full year. Rolling all of this together, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings for fully diluted share to be in the range of $3.20 to $3.30 per share where sales growth is between 10 and 12%. For Q2 we expect sales growth of 11 to 13%, gross margins should continue to see significant improvements versus prior year, and operating expenses are expected to grow at a rate comparable to sales. Earnings per fully diluted share are expected to be between $0.69 and $0.73 for the second quarter. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. And at this point operator, I think we can open it up for Q and A. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Ross Muken with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well can you talk a bit about sort of the delays we saw in the pharma side both U.S. and Europe and sort of -- was that a trend that we saw sort of throughout the entire quarter where it was just sort of general weakness or do we see any pickup to the end of Q1 that led us to believe that Q2 would sort of be a bit more robust than what we saw from a demand perspective this quarter?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Ross, I'd say we saw pretty consistent across the big pharma universe in terms of what the actual results turned out to be in the first quarter. On the other hand we've -- we saw continual optimism from those accounts, in terms of what they were likely to do. So they didn't spend as optimistically as they talked on balance. But, if you look at early indicators and then you look at some subsequent advances to what we started off the second quarter, I think on balance that's a net positive that there continues to be very high "activity" and there continues to be some late blossoming real business out of those accounts. So it's not absolutely total, we saw some large accounts actually spend pretty significantly in the quarter, but the general response was low spending by big pharma in the first quarter. But, I'd say the net overall dynamic seems to be pretty positive moving into the rest of the year. That's a tough call, and that's what we try to temper in our outlook of walking that balance between what we saw in the first quarter and expectations for the rest of the year. But, I'd say we are coming -- at this point we are cautiously optimistic that we are going to see better performance out of pharma for the rest of the year.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And in terms of the balance of demand for ACQUITY versus Alliance, sort of how would you characterize that in terms of where the weakness was coming from?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we had another good ACQUITY quarter, so I wouldn't say that there is any sign that ACQUITY penetration is slowing down. But, overall I'd say you did see a better mix of Alliance and ACQUITY in the quarter, and in that -- in some of those traditional Asian pharma accounts that are more weighted towards Alliance and ACQUITY.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And John on the gross margin, it seemed like that was a little bit better than we were looking for in terms of the improvements you saw and what you're guiding for, for the rest of the year?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is it a function solely of the weakening sort of pound versus the dollar, or is that also sort of more manufacturing efficiencies you're getting out of the move to Singapore than maybe you anticipated when you first guided for the year?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I would say -- I mean certainly we did have favorable manufacturing variances. Some of our cost reductions that we had planned for the year were actually implemented earlier than budgeted. Our manufacturing spend was under plan, we had some favorable variances through manufacturing, volumes in the quarter; we built a little bit more obviously than we anticipated in the quarter versus sales. Our service margins actually were up in the quarter as we've held back a little bit on spend on that side, had some favorable mix on service plans. I'd say our product mix was different than we had originally thought, as Doug alluded to, a little bit higher volume of Alliance vis-à-vis ACQUITY on the mass spec front. We suffered a bit more on the low end singles, which is more research in its orientation. So the service mix was favorable for us. And yes, currency had an impact as well as -- you're right, euro was up 15%, the yen was up 13%, and the pound was relatively flat, so it was the opposite situation that we saw as we came into the year last year.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And one quick maintenance question on share repurchase?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: How many shares did you actually repurchase during the quarter, and what do you have left on the authorization, if anything?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we purchased 1.3 million shares in the quarter and we have, I think, about 250 or so million left on the $500 million program. So we have significant amount remaining in the program.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, perfect. Thanks guys.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Hi. Good morning. When you looked at some of the change, I guess, in big pharma spending and you said that, it looks like it's picking up here at the start of the quarter. I guess, how do you manage your inventory in case it either goes up or down from current expectations?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we do it probably pretty much the way everybody does, Quintin. We look at the most recent results in our inventory, whatever the balances are now factored into the production plan for the next two quarters. And since we enter this quarter with a little bit more inventory than we had originally planned, we will take down production plans in those specific product lines over the next two quarters. And we factor in our forecast for the full product complement over the next two quarters. Obviously, there is a lot of science and a little art to that, and -- but you can expect that our production plan for the next two quarters is been revised a little down from our original expectations for the year.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: And then, I guess, has it -- so you said that that the optimism is somewhat there. What changed from, I guess, the first quarter and delays of spending to now where you're starting to see a pickup?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would say throughout the first quarter, while the actual order rate was lower than we had originally budgeted, the response from most of those accounts was still pretty optimistic. And so you always worry about what's coming through that request for quotation, attendance at seminars, because it can be a leading indicator, it can be a false indicator. So I'd say we continue to see very real interests from those large accounts. But of course, we are reading the same things that you are about a number of those accounts facing difficult times. Now, whether those difficult times mean that they'll significantly cut back on strategic R&D programs or not, we've -- we continue to believe that that's not the end result in this industry, that they've got to continue to focus on development programs, at least the industry as a whole does, while individual accounts may face their own bumps and peaks and valleys. So, all I'm saying is that what we have seen is a continuation of interest on those accounts, a number of the large tenders that we thought we'd get. Some of those have come through as we started out the quarter. We continue to get a lot of interest on the part of that broad group of customers. And I'd say the net result of all of that is that we are a little bit more optimistic about going into the second quarter than the results we saw in the first quarter.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Last question and I'll jump back into the queue. So, is it possible to decouple, I guess big pharma specific spending versus sales cycle and competitive dynamics. Has anything changed as from the competitive landscape that would have lengthened out a sales cycle?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Now I understand it's a fair question to see -- to ask what we are seeing on the competitive front, but we are not -- none of what we saw in the first quarter was the result of any substantial losses that we saw in those accounts. I'd say, overwhelmingly, it's delays versus lost business. We are not seeing any competitive thrust particularly against things like ACQUITY, particularly in things like the high-end research-grade mass spectrometers. If anything, I'd say, we are even more confident about our strategic positions technologically. So I am not seeing any significant penetration in our traditional dominant account.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Thank you.
Operator: Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Hi. Good morning.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Doug, wondering if actually you can talk a little bit about the academic market, we've seen some mixed signals there as well. So if you can just give us a sense as to what you're hearing from your academic customers, it'd be helpful.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. And maybe, John, you can specifically cite the --
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I think as we look at Waters in total, and we look at the university business, it's flattish. And if we look at it geographically, it's down a little bit in Japan. I'd say it's not something we expect to see for the full year. U.S. was down very little, and I'd say it's a rather small piece of our business overall. But it was not contributing to the growth of the first quarter.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. And then as we think about the product cycles here, can you just give us a sense coming out of Pittcon, what the level of excitement might be around the new SYNAPT MS in terms of going after a slightly lower price point here and different value proposition for your customers?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Customer response has been very good. I think they are very enthusiastic about now being able to get into SYNAPT technology as a beginning point, and then upgrade to the full high definition subsequently. I'd still say that that high-end market was the one that was delayed more than we had anticipated in the first quarter. I would say we didn't see lost business, but we saw that impacted by delays to a significant extent.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. And then Doug, in your prepared comments, you had mentioned, I guess, the logistical factors in regards to recurring revenues. Can you elaborate on specifically what that was?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, sure. And I must admit we probably could have anticipated a little bit more of that. Starting out the quarter the way January developed, the first week of the quarter, and some of it calendar, some of it just may be the way our large accounts started off the year, we saw almost across geographies without characterizes calendar delays. Easter falling in the first quarter affected us to a -- to an extent that we now pretty clearly understand. And just as we enter into the second quarter, again in that run-rate business, you see it dramatically different starting off the second quarter than where it started off the first. Again, for no apparent reason other than --
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Calendar.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: What we grossly call calendar effects. So, we think it clearly affected the run rate in the service, in chemistry business, where we are pretty confident that that's an unusual dynamic. We are not seeing any of that as we move through the second quarter.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Jonathan Groberg with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the call.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Jonathan.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Can you just -- as I look at the numbers geographically that you gave again, I mean, the U.S. seem to be okay, you said plus 9% and seems like really -- I mean there are some of the issues going in Japan, but Europe seemed to be the one that was kind of the most sluggish at minus 2%. Can you maybe just elaborate on what explanation you're hearing from customers? What your sales people are telling you is going on there?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I would say most of the -- you are right. I mean Western Europe was lower than our expectations, and it's one of the question marks as we view the rest of the year. It was principally a pharmaceutical dynamic in Western Europe. Of course, this is all in standard currency terms, or local currency terms, translated it obviously grew significantly better. But I would say it was mostly a pharmaceutical dynamic, mostly a larger pharma dynamic. Again we are seeing anticipated better results as we enter the second quarter. We are seeing some pretty tangible signs of that. It sounds like an old record, but a lot of these accounts every year are starting off slower and slower as we think it takes them longer to get their budgets booked. They wait a little longer in the year before they are releasing some of their more significant investments. That seems to be happening as we're speaking. So, again that's one of the reasons why we're a little more confident as we proceed though the year.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: I mean is there any sense after two pretty strong years overall for your company, and better in some of the European markets, is there a sense that people are trying to go and get certain things approved, and they're saying, why do we -- we've just invested in a number of mass specs or a number of HPLC, UPLCs, maybe this money would be better spent elsewhere, or -- I am just curious if it's -- there's a bit of a product cycle?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say, we don't see any sign of that, Jonathan. If you look at where you might look for that "levels," attendance at our seminars, the in -- the kind of less tangible than just simply order rate indicators; we're seeing very robust interest. We're seeing very good continuing interest in the new technologies and the new products. So, we don't see any of those signs. Mostly, what we hear is delayed budgets is the reason for procurement. Now, again we saw some accounts spend pretty robustly. But the net effect of all of that was not what we had hoped.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, again going back to kind of the guidance you gave at the beginning of the year, and then low -- revenues that were lower, I mean, currency adjust [ph], I guess, were not much a -- were just a percent lower, but organically lower. Can you talk about some of the things you did intra-quarter to deliver on the earnings that you talked about? So I am just -- did you realize half way through the quarter that, hey, maybe the organic sales wasn't going to be quite what we thought. And you did some things intra-quarter to make sure that you could deliver the strong free cash flow and earnings, just -- again I am taking the guidance on what you're expecting for gross margins, and operating expenses and --
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I mean I -- we're -- we tried to draw in our internal forecast and our external forecast somewhat of a middle line of -- between possible -- possible performance and realistic performance. We -- in the first quarter, we obviously had trouble hitting that organic top line that we had anticipated, but I would say we always try to have something in reserve to more significantly increase our bottom line leverage. So, we are not all that different from a lot of companies, and we are keeping a little in reserve until we get through the quarter to see whether we release our total spending budget. So, we released less as it became a little clearer to us that we were going to have trouble making the top line. We try our damnedest of course to motivate the sales force and motivate the whole organization to bring those orders in so we can get them shipped. But this quarter we were unable to get all the way to the top and we had some -- we'd geographical areas where it was more of an issue than in others. And as we book our budgets on the gross margin front, we always have a number of programs that if they all hit, are going to deliver better performance. In some quarters, two out of three hit, and sometimes, three out of three hit. I'd say this quarter, we saw very good performance out of those manufacturing programs. I think the good part about that is they'll continue to keep contributing for the rest of the year, and we are confident about that. So, I don't think it's all on the margin, I'd say. The spending on the margin, we held up in anticipation that -- maybe that top line was going to be difficult to hit. The margin programs kicked in more three out of three than two out of three. The mix was a little a bit favorable to us because of the Alliance ACQUITY mix. And currency was a little bit better because of the way the pound and the euro and the dollar all came together. So, I think the good part about that is almost all of those should be continuing for the rest of the year.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. Yes, I was just trying to understand the leverage you have to pull, so I appreciate that. Last question. Can you just, John or Doug, maybe, explain why you raised the debt, and can you maybe give me a feel as to what you are paying on average for your debt versus what you are receiving on cash? Maybe all your cash is overseas and Europe's are getting higher rates than what you're expecting?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: That's right. I mean we had an opportunity when we put the original revolver in place to go back and up that with the bags in the consortium. And we've talked about beginning that process at the tail end of last year. We executed that in a very difficult environment in the first quarter, and got that done on terms that are very similar to the original agreement. We are currently paying about LIBOR plus 60 or so basis points on the debt. And you are right; most of our currency is invested overseas --
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Of our investments.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: On the investment side, right. So, there's a probably a 60, 70 basis point differential between debt costs and interest though -- that we are receiving on our investments net. Obviously, our investments are incredibly conservative in this day and age. No SIVs or CDOs or anything like that, we've got very safe AAA investments on cash invested.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: Derik deBruin with UBS.
Derik deBruin - UBS (US): Hi, good morning.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Derik.
Derik deBruin - UBS (US): Doug, correct me if I am wrong, but you basically had a 1 point or a little bit more than that tailwinds organic growth from 4Q, SYNAPT sales that basically didn't ship in 4Q. So now, given that with this tailwind and only a 9% organic growth comp again -- up against 1Q '07, why are you confident that you can hit your implied organic growth number of 7% to 9% in 2Q when you are facing a much more difficult 13% organic comp? I just basically know it's like why isn't this a repeat of 2005.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think -- I mean if you look at the guidance that we gave for the second quarter, it's likely to have 5 to 6 points of currency again, depending on volume in Europe. So, we are looking for perhaps 6 to 7 organic growth in the second quarter. So comparable growth I'd say to what we saw in the first quarter and that -- the assets up against a more difficult base of comparison, but as Doug said as we look at the business that we've transacted to start the quarter, we're very comfortable that we see improvements in Western Europe, we're seeing improvements in our chemistry and service businesses. So I think we end up in the second quarter feeling better actually as we sit here today on the call than where we were in the first quarter. So I don't -- I think the base of comparison is completely accounted for in the 11 to 13% top line given where currency is today.
Derik deBruin - UBS (US): Okay. So when you talk about having more confidence, I guess, are your -- is your feeling coming from the pharma purchasing managers, or is it coming from the people at the lab bench? I mean we've seen it in the past where we -- scientists certainly might want to buy instruments, but then the purchasing managers put the clamp down on the spending. I guess where is your level of confidence coming in from that, from your leads there?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd say we're not confident enough to take our expectations up significantly over what we saw in the first quarter. I'd say it's -- but I would say our organization probably feels more confident right now than John and I are willing to bank in our formal financial forecast. But, it is true that we're seeing tangible results out of that marketplace that right now you would have to say are probably better than John and I are willing to take to the bank totally. So that condition didn't manifest itself in the first quarter, so far it looks like it might in the second quarter and then we very well could be back here saying that the organization was righter than we were. But, it's -- it's early to tell, indications are positive right now, but we've got a long way to go, and we're comfortable with where we're positioning things right now.
Derik deBruin - UBS (US): Great. Thank you.
Operator: John Sullivan with Leerink Swann.
John L. Sullivan, CFA - Leerink Swann & Company: Hey guys, good morning.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John L. Sullivan, CFA - Leerink Swann & Company: A couple of quick ones. One bright point in the fourth quarter was some multi-system orders of ACQUITY that you saw, and then in the first quarter, you -- you've just seen a little bit of a shift toward Alliance. Do you think these data points are linked, and can you comment on what the right mix between Alliance and ACQUITY should be expected to be going forward?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't really think they're linked John. I think the first quarter is kind of a different animal from the fourth, and I think we just saw a level of beginning of the year conservatism. I mean you've seen the struggles that a number of these accounts have had, and I think they started off the year conservatively; whether they'll continue or not, I think is a fair question, but I don't -- we haven't seen any reduced interest in ACQUITY on the part of these strategic accounts. But, at the same time, a lot of our stronghold areas with Alliance in the QC area particularly in Asia have held up very well. So you see kind of a natural effect of that in the first quarter that I don't think is something that you will necessarily see second, third, and fourth quarter.
John L. Sullivan, CFA - Leerink Swann & Company: And just on that, are you still confident that over a longer period of time you'll see Alliance -- I'm sorry you'll see ACQUITY migrate more into the pharma QA/QC setting?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
John L. Sullivan, CFA - Leerink Swann & Company: Okay. And then lastly regarding your mass spec business and triple quad, specifically there are some reports of more competition and specifically more price competition in triple quad mass spec. But, you're still confident that you're not seeing that as a primary driver?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Our triple quad business was pretty good in the quarter. It's always been a competitive area, John. I'd say it's probably the most competitive area in the mass spec world. I'd say that we feel pretty good about our array of weapons as we move through 2008. So, yes, it's fair to say it's competitive, but I don't see it as more competitive right now than it has been in the near past. And if anything I think we're likely to strengthen that position moving forward.
John L. Sullivan, CFA - Leerink Swann & Company: Thanks so much.
Operator: Tycho Peterson with J.P. Morgan.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just, John if you could give a little bit more color on the contributions to margins, I know you talked earlier about the currency impact. Of the three factors you highlighted; product cost reduction, favorable mix and the currency translation, can you give us a sense as to how those all factored into the margin improvement?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I'd say if you look at the first manufacturing pieces, they've got the lower manufacturing spend in the quarter as we've kind of held some headcounts open knowing what is coming with some product transfers. We've had accelerated cost reductions, and we've had improved service margins on the cost base there. Maybe that's approaching a third of the improvement. Product mix as we look at the Alliance versus ACQUITY, we look at the low-end of mass spec not doing as well as the tops and triples, providing some favorable mix. That's probably -- maybe that's a third, maybe not approaching a third, but somewhere near that. And then the remainder is currency, that's probably a strong third with -- particularly given the year-over-year comparison where last year as you might recall in the first quarter we had a very strong pound versus other currencies, whereas this year it's completely reversed and the pound is relatively flat and the yen and euro were up. So pretty consistent into -- consistent amounts across, I'd say, those three buckets and you will see much of that continue as we make our way into the second quarter.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. And then to clarify in Doug's comment earlier about Alliance doing well in Asia, the idea is that that may not carry through and have the favorable impact on margins going forward. Is that right?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we continue to expect Alliance to continue to do well, but relatively going into the second, third, and fourth quarter it may not have the same -- right, and as we look forward, we are not expecting the full 150 basis point improvement year-over-year as mix does somewhat change a bit, but we are still predicting 100 basis points as we look at the next couple of quarters here.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. And then finally just any incremental data points you can highlight on, on the other businesses -- food, beverage, environmental -- anything we should be thinking about in terms of drivers here?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we -- I'd say, of note is the interest in environmental and food safety applications particularly in Asia. Boy, we're -- we are seeing groups of interested Asian customers come through our Milford headquarters looking -- and across the product line, looking at data, looking at mass spec, looking at UPLC. A huge amount of interest and I'd say that's probably the most interesting aspect. It's also true that we're seeing interest in North America, but I'd say it's overwhelmed by the amount of interest coming out of Asia.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: And when you're talking about Asia, is it coming out of the China export market or the import market in Japan or --?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's coming -- I'd say it's notable in China, it's notable in other I'd say non-Japanese Asian markets including Korea and Taiwan. Japan, we had a pretty strong base of food safety systems in the Japan business last year. That was almost sure to stop at the rate. We didn't think it was going to stop quite as fast as it did. So I think that's significant just in the quarter-to-quarter dynamics that we saw in the first quarter. Overall, Japan had been a very strong performer for us over a number of years, and I think as we move through the current period and work off those base, we will see Japan's results turn into more normalized growth.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay, great. Thanks for the taking the follow-up questions.
Operator: Steven Solomon with Aroslyn Advisor [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hello, John, just wondering if you could possibly quantify the calendar Easter effect. How big an impact do you think that might have had on sales, I know it's a bit of guesswork.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think it was probably 2 to 3 percentage points of impact would be my guess. And I'd also say if we look at some of the large pharma, the slow start that we had there had an impact too in the chemistry side of the business, it could have been a couple of points as well. So I -- as Doug had said, as we started the second quarter, we saw that come back with a vengeance. So I think -- I think on a full year basis, we're probably going to be quite happy with the chemistry results.
Unidentified Analyst: So it's possible that 2 to 3% is just shifted into the second quarter through the calendar?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Sir, at this time, I show no further questions.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you operator. And we appreciate you all taking the time and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and CEO John Ornell - VP, Finance and Administration and CFO
Analysts: Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Derik deBruin - UBS John Groberg - Merrill Lynch John Sullivan - Leerink Swann
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. The conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter and full year financial results conference call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters Chief Financial Officer; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the business highlights. And then John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the first quarter and full year 2008. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the Company, this time for Q1 and full year 2008. I caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual event or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 in part one under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the Company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2008. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached in the Company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of restructuring, purchased intangible, and retired transition charges.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. Well, our fourth quarter results reflect strong operating income performance and allowed us to achieve significant sales and earnings growth for the full year, and it was accompanied by very strong cash generation. However, our earnings per share growth in the fourth quarter did not materialized quite as we had anticipated as an unexpected increase in our annual tax rate among other factors adversely affected our bottom line performance. John will walk you through the details and quantify the factors that resulted in this adjustment. Now, I will review for you some of the significant trends that we saw in the fourth quarter and how set the stage for our outlook for 2008. In the quarter, we principally saw our continuation of the trends that drove our growth through the first nine months of the year. These trends included improved pharmaceutical spending, the continued expansion of our businesses in the developing world, rapid uptake of our ACQUITY UPLC, and our new MS system, and very impressive results for the TA Instruments division. Our sales growth was in line with our October outlook. However, foreign currency translation was a larger factor than we expected. In addition, our sales in Japan were weaker than anticipated due to a combination of a sluggish economic condition and a change in the testing protocols for drinking water analysis in Japan. In our opinion, however, we have maintained or even marginally expanded our market share position in Japan through this tough period. Looking at customer segments for the largest division, growth in our overall pharmaceutical sector was again driven by generic, CRO and smaller specialty firms. Sales to our largest accounts showed mixed results, with a minority of firms depressing the sales growth for the group as a whole. Overall, the year-end budget flush was a little less dramatic than we had hoped, but certainly not too different than what we had expected, based on their spending patterns throughout the year. On the positive side, we saw a nice increase in ACQUITY UPLC uptake, with a number of multi-system orders placed by these large firms. Regionally, our business in North America continued to perform well, and we saw nice increases in our industrial markets including food and environmental testing along with strong governmental and university spending. Pharmaceutical demand in the US was stronger than in other developed economies as our improved sales to CROs and generic drug manufacturers and to most of our large accounts, allowed us to grow our overall pharma revenues despite weakness from a few large players. Pharmaceutical spending was less robust in Europe where a combination of a difficult quarterly comparison and weaker sales to large multinational firms resulted in a slight year-over-year decline. Overall, and before currency effects, our business in Europe saw a modest growth in the quarter with food testing applications, continuing to be a positive contributor. Outside of Japan, our business in Asia continued to benefit from strong double-digit sales growth rates in China, India and other developing Asian markets. We turn now to our major product lines. Instrumentation systems growth in the Waters division continues to be driven by the uptake of ACQUITY UPLC and ACQUITY LCMS systems. Customer feedback on the performance, reliability and broad applicability of ACQUITY UPLC continues to be very favorable. And the advantages of combining UPLC technology with mass spec characterization appear well-established in the marketplace. In the quarter, we saw particular interest in ACQUITY from metabolic profiling studies. This application truly benefits from the enhanced speed and resolution that’s only available by using UPLC technology. In addition, the number of multi-system ACQUITY system orders was increasing throughout the quarter as more customers were more fully outfitting entire labs with the technology. Mass spectrometry and related systems sales growth in the quarter was led by strong demand for our high resolution SYNAPT HDMS and our new TQD Tandem Quadrupole instruments. Demand for MS-based systems was strongest in North America and Asia driven by sales to CROs, proteomics labs and for industrial chemical applications. SYNAPT HDMS technology has quickly established a firm share in the high resolution mass spectrometry segment. In applications from protein structural studies to metabolized profiling to batch testing of final pharmaceuticals, SYNAPT HDMS is allowing scientists to glean new information and accelerate research studies. In October, I mentioned that HDMS was driving a revolution in mass spectrometry. The demand and interest that we saw in the fourth quarter is consistent with that view and we are optimistic about our growth prospects for this technology in 2008. Looking at our recurring revenue from chemical products and services, in the fourth quarter, we again saw sales at a double-digit rate as we continued to benefit from the strong uptick of the ACQUITY columns by our expanding base of ACQUITY UPLC customers. TA Instruments finished the year with yet another strong double-digit sales growth quarter. With TA, the growth was geographically balanced with exceptional product line growth from the division’s new Q Series thermal analysis line. From a market segment view, business was strong from electronics manufacturers and from life sciences researches microcalorimetry techniques. Before passing on to John, I’d like to comment on our overall performance in 2007. The year stands out as one of Waters’ strongest in terms of sales growth and successful implementations of strategic system-based initiatives. We began the year with a more conservative outlook for revenue growth as there were concerns regarding the health of our pharmaceutical accounts, and we recognized that quarterly comparisons with 2006 will become more difficult as we moved into the second half of 2007. However, as we reported our results through the first three quarters of the year, we became increasingly confident that the success of our new products, along with the health of our key markets could allow us to exceed our initial projections, all suggesting that 2007 would be another double-digit sales growth year for Waters. Coming into the fourth quarter, we were very optimistic about our prospects for ACQUITY, SYNAPT, and our TA Instruments Group. In fact, our assumptions were correct, as each of these business groups grew an excessive 20%. Despite these successes our fourth quarter projections came up a little short as weaker than expected businesses in Japan and to a lesser extent Europe resulted in organic sales growth about 2 points lower than we had anticipated. I think it’s worth mentioning, however, that the fourth quarter of 2007 was by far the strongest sales quarter in Waters history and complete the year of strong double digit sales in our earnings growth for the Company. But more than looking at only the financial results, 2007 was a year that Waters continued to transform the analytical industry by establishing ACQUITY UPLC as a mainstream separation technology with applications across all market segments and successful installations all over the world. In 2007, we also established a new market segment in research mass spectrometry HDMS or High Definition Mass Spectrometry. This advanced instrument has brought a new dimension into the field of mass spec. The ability to analyze and identify based upon molecular shape. We are confident that HDMS will continue to expand the application reach of mass spectrometry. ACQUITY UPLC and SYNAPT HDMS are examples of the future system solution that Waters will develop and commercialize in 2008 and beyond. Our goal is to offer our customers technologically advanced solutions to their most difficult scientific problems. Solutions that seamlessly and creatively integrate the technologies that our customers associate with Waters and TA Instruments. Based on the combination of our strong product position, the continued expansion of our sales into the developing world, and the sustainability of demands for our more established markets, we anticipate double digit topline growth in 2008 and the ability to leverage this group to higher earnings per share and stronger free cash flow. Our commitments to continuously reduce the manufacturing cost of ACQUITY drive consumable sales and actively transfer a more production to lower cost site will allow us to improve our trade margins. At the same time, conservative expansion of SG&A in R&D expenses will help improve our overall profitability. Our free cash flow in 2007 is $327 million, and that was an increase of more than 35% over 2006. Generating this level of cash provides us with a flexibility to continuously seek opportunities to invest in our business and is indicative of the fundamental strength of the Waters franchise. In 2008, we plant to deploy this cash on our share buyback program, while continuing to look for acquisition opportunities that are synergistic with our business operations. In closing, I would like to assure you that I am confident that 2008 will be a successful year for Waters. We are well positioned to benefit from a series of exciting new products that appeal to large segments of the markets that we serve. And as we start the year, it appears to us that most of the underlying business conditions that allowed us to perform well in 2007 remain intact. We will continue to do what we are best at doing, offering our customers technically differentiated systems offerings, and a strong portfolio of consumable products and services. At the same time, we will work toward offering our shareholders an investment that offers superior sales growth, industry leading profitability, and strong free cash flow. Thank you and here’s John with a more detailed financial update.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Doug and good morning. Fourth quarter results delivered 13% sales growth and 17% growth in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share. Earnings per share were $0.98 this quarter compared to earnings of $0.84 last year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings were $0.96 this quarter compared to $0.78 last year, a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in our press release issued this morning. Sales grew by 13% this quarter with currency providing 5 percentage points of growth and acquisitions providing about 1 percentage point. Looking at corporate sales growth regionally and before foreign change effects, our results were positive in most of our major geographies, with continuation of trends that we have seen at the end of September. Sales in the U.S. continued their double digit growth and this quarter were up 12%. Sales within Europe were a bit slower in the fourth quarter and were up 5% before it covers the effects. Sales in Japan were softer than expected and were down by 12% in Q4. However, outside of Japan, Asian sales remained strong and grew by 18%. Turning to the product front, within the Waters Division, Instrument Systems grew by 3% versus a difficult base of comparison. Our service business grew by 7% and chemistry had 20% growth, which was aided by acquisitions and growth of ACQUITY after market column sales. Without acquisitions, our chemistry business grew by 11%. And our TA Instruments division had another strong quarter with sales up 19% versus prior year resulting from strong new product sales. M&A activity contributed 2% to this result as well. Now I would like to comment on non-GAAP margins and expenses, excluding adjustments noted in this morning’s press release. Gross margin came in a little lower than expected at 58.4% this quarter. Versus prior year, margins expanded this quarter, and were up by 40 basis points. Versus our expectations however, margins were lower than our October forecast due largely to less favorable manufacturing variances resulting from lower than anticipated instrument production. SG&A and R&D expenses grew by 7% this quarter compare to prior year. Our operational tax rate this quarter was 20.7% bringing our full year operational rate to 18%. This rate was well above our expectation and is largely a result of a couple of factors. First, during the quarter, our production levels at our tax favored Ireland and Singapore manufacturing facilities were lower than expected for select instrument systems due to shifts in customer demand and inventory reductions. At the same time, production volumes at our UK, US manufacturing sites were in aggregate over plan as ACQUITY, SYNAPT, and TA Instrument product sales were strong. These variances in manufacturing volume resulted in an additional tax expense of about $2 million. And secondly, at the end of each year, during our closing process, we review our legal entity results and make necessary adjustments to our inter-company pricing to comply with our transfer pricing policies. These adjustments are the result of variances in expected volumes, within sales subsidiaries, actual versus estimated legal entity costs, and adjustments to estimated charges for support services, all of which impacted profitability at many of our 40 legal entities. Historically, each year-end adjustments have netted a smaller amounts and were generally offset by favorable production volumes in Ireland and Singapore. This year, however, these adjustments resulted in an additional tax expense of about $3 million. We understand the issues which gave rise to this additional tax expense and are implementing changes to our internal processes to address them. On the stock buyback front, we continue to purchase our shares in the open market, and during the fourth quarter, we purchased 250,000 of common stock for $19.9 million. Fully diluted share count was 102.8 million shares for the quarter, up 1 million shares from Q3. This increase is the result of higher option exercises than expected this quarter and the impact of a much higher share price than under the treasury stock method of accounting for diluted shares, increased share count and reduced our earnings this quarter by about $0.01 versus our October expectations. On the balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments totaled $693 million, bringing us to a net debt position of about $191 million. We are well positioned to fund our future working capital needs and acquisition opportunities. We measure free cash flow as cash from operations plus capital expenditures plus any non-cash tax benefits from FAS 123R accounting. For the quarter, free cash flow was $86 million after funding $15 million of CapEx. Comparable free cash flow in Q4 last year was $54 million. Full year free cash flow is $327 million after funding $60 million of CapEx and adding back $17 million of FAS 123R tax benefit. 2006 comparable free cash flow, without unusual payments was $242 million. Accounts receivable day sales outstanding stood at 66 days this quarter, up 2 days versus Q4 last year with currency effects comprising one day of the increase year-over-year. Inventories decreased $15 million this quarter and ended the year up a modest $7.5 million, largely attributable to currency translation. Turning now to full year 2007 performance. Sales grew by 15% versus last year, with currency adding 3% to sales growth and M&A adding about 1%. Gross margins declined by 80 basis points as a result of higher volumes of newly introduced products in our sales mix and foreign currency effects. SG&A grew by 9% and R&D was up only modestly, in spite of headcount additions made this year, due to a strong base of comparison in 2006, where large material costs for new products raised expenses that year. Operating margin as a percentage of sales was up 100 basis points and earnings per fully diluted share for the full year grew by 20%. Now, I would like to turn to our outlook for 2008. We believe our business fundamentals remain solid, but most end market and geographies and to our strong customer interest in our new products and technologies. Given this backdrop, we believe that a reasonable expectation for sales growth in 2008, would be somewhere in the range of 8% to 10% for organic sales growth for the full year. Currency at today’s levels would add about 2% to growth next year, bringing our overall growth rate to 10% to 12%. Moving down to P&L. We expect gross margins to improve by about 20 basis points as a result of improved production efficiencies on higher volumes of ACQUITY products and a favorable mass spec sales mix that contains more high-end mass spec system sales next year. Operating expenses are expected to grow at a rate slightly less than sales. As the year progresses, we will moderate our spending on additional resources to keep our expense growth aligned with actual sales volumes. We expect our tax rate to be about 18% for 2008. Of course, with the unexpected increase in our rate in 2007, we have taken a hard look at the factors that will influence our tax rate for 2008 and this reduced adjustment of rate of around 18% is sustainable, and we will continue to explore opportunities for movement of additional production volumes to our Singapore and Ireland. Net interest expense is expected to be in the neighborhood of $21 million. And our fully diluted outstanding share count is estimated to be about 103 million for the full year. Rolling all of this together, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings per fully diluted share to be about $3.20, where sales growth is between 10% and 12% and within a tolerance of plus and minus 5%. For Q1, we expect sales growth of 13% which includes 3 points of currency impact this quarter. Currency effects are expected to be more favorable earlier in the year in 2008, given easier bases of comparison in the first half. While we expect gross margins to improve for the full year, in the first quarter, we expect lower gross margins as a result of strong foreign currency early this year. And our product costs reductions are not expected to have a favorable impact until later in the year. Operating expenses are expected to grow a bit less than sales, and operating margins should be about comparable to Q1 2007 and result in earnings per fully diluted share of $0.63 for the quarter, plus or minus 5%. Doug.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, John. I think, operator, now we can open it up for Q&A. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Quintin Lai, Robert W. Baird.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Good morning. Turning to Japan, could you point out what percent of your sales are… come from Japan right now?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, about 10% of our overall sales are based in Japan.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: And then, with the forecast that you are putting in, what do you expecting for Japan in 2008?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Low single digit growth and that’s based on anniversarying some of this issue, obviously, as we go through the second half of the year, probably a little bit more of a difficult comparison early on in the year. But for the full year, a few points of growth out of that region.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: And then with the rest of the outlook for 2008, what are you expecting for Europe in terms of big pharma?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are pretty much expecting a continuation of current conditions in big pharma, which is a mix of some of those showing pretty good demand, some of them being slow. But pretty much, a year that’s a continuation of large pharma dynamics that we are seeing at the end of ’07.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Great. And then I will ask one more question, then I will back get in the queue. With respect to cash deployment, last year sounded like that your number one option was to do more M&A and then number two might have been share buyback. Any change in thought with current conditions now?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I get you, I think that first and foremost we would certainly like to continue the M&A opportunities, continue to address the smaller ones that exist. We continue to peruse what’s available in the marketplace. We’ve made a few smaller acquisitions over the last few years that I think are still somewhat indicative of what we might be likely to do as we move forward. To the extent that we can’t deploy cash there, then we will continue to deploy cash on the buyback effort, and we are budgeted to do that as we look at the cash we are going to generate in 2008.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I’d answer it by saying we were reasonably aggressive buyers of our stock at its peak. To the extent that our stock were below its peak, we would be more aggressive buyers of our stock.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: I guess, just for a point of clarification then, the guidance of a 103 million shares for 2008 does not assume significant share buyback?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It assumes about $200 million is deployed on buyback and it also assumes that the option exercises continue so that the net of those two is about a neutral situation. These are existing options that are in the market that we’re anticipating will be exercised.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Right.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: So I think that’s probably conservative but that’s where we are starting.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Alright, thanks.
Operator: Tycho Peterson, J.P. Morgan.
Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning. Maybe just starting off a little bit with some of your comments around the gross margins. I mean, you talked about less favorable manufacturing variances and lower than anticipated instrument production overseas. Can you give a little color as to how you are thinking about the ramp in Singapore and Ireland? I mean is there a chance you could get more aggressive over the course of the year or do you have to kind of maintain the timelines that you’ve previously laid out?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I would say that as we look at margins, we certainly do expect higher volumes of our SYNAPT product, as we continue through the year that will be favorable versus our prior year. We are looking at improving our costs on our ACQUITY products. We have some engineering cost reductions that we are working on that will improve the margins on that product by a few percentage points or more, as we go across the year. We are looking at moving additional production, a couple of detectors to our Singapore facility, really kind of mid-year. So there will be, I think, a significant increase in volume through that Singapore operation. All of that then will be offset by what we think will be a significant growth in ACQUITY that will put a little bit of downward pressure on all of these other factors that I’m describing. So, I think, in total, as we look at that we feel comfortable that for the full year, kind of that 20-basis point improvement that we target year-over-year, would appear to be conservative given our plan.
Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan: And I guess, along the same lines, in terms of the tax rate, is there an opportunity for some additional leverage there? I mean I know you laid out what your specifications are for the year, but given the same comments in terms of the offshore ramp.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I would say, certainly Singapore is expected to provide some downside pressure on the rate. However as we look at the volume coming out of the UK, the SYNAPT product is going to offset that to some extent. I think as we look to the future though, and as we look beyond movement of just these couple of detectors and the continued success of the facility that we have in Singapore, yes, there is more opportunities to move volume over multiple years and enjoy a tax rate there that perhaps will bring our overall rate down slightly in the future. I would just say for right now I am going to be a little, I think, cautious and suggest that starting at 18% starting point is probably prudent.
Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then finally on Japan, I appreciate you kind of quantifying the size of that business, can you give us a sense as to whether you are seeing anything different competitively, specifically from Sysmex in that market and whether you are seeing any changes just in terms of the level of competition.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I’d say just the opposite, Tycho. I believe in all of our core applications, we’re probably seeing, on balance, a little bit less competitive in a case by case example. ACQUITY has done very, very well in Japan. And there is really no practical competitor for it. So I do believe that this is… now in any one quarter something can, can blip, but in broad terms, I am pretty satisfied that we are more than holding our own in the Japanese market. The pharmaceutical market in Japan is probably the other thing that is much weaker even than it is in other areas of the world. So I think that’s the dynamic that we’re also seeing play out in Japan a little bit more than another area.
Tycho Peterson – J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ross Muken, Deutsche Bank.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, gentlemen. Can you talk a bit about sort of the trends you are seeing in mass spec. It’s obvious, given your commentary that SYNAPT continues to sort of gain transaction. I assume that’s sort of relative to market share gain versus the entire market sort of growing at that rate. Can you talk a bit about sort of that dynamic and where you are seeing most of the placement in terms of the end customer mix, and then talk about sort of on the lower end pricing trends in sort of the LCMS business, business?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I think in SYNAPT, we are seeing it pretty much where we expected in proteomics, in metabolized profiling application. We are seeing it in biopharma… kind of interestingly enough in biopharma, almost QC applications. In terms of these complicated biopharmaceutical products being better characterized upon release with the capabilities of SYNAPT. So, and that’s a relatively new application for us, I would say. So SYNAPT is very encouraging in kind of the spread although it is essentially large molecules. On the low end, our results were softer than we expected particularly in the, that core benchtop single quadrupole that has traditionally been a pharmaceutical marketplace for us. So, as pharmaceutical sales are tougher, that has had an impact on that single quadrupole marketplace. We have done very well as John noted with our new TQD benchtop triple quad instrument. As you know that aimed at more in the applied markets as opposed to that workhorse [ph] drug metabolism laboratory, where with a higher end triple quad is an area where we still don’t have the market share that we hoped to have someday.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: And, relative to the CRO market which continues to be strong for you, how should we think about that sort of going forward relative to the amount of outsourcing being done in pharma? I mean in some quarters, could we see increased weakness or is it sort of a longer term trend to see maybe pharma R&D growth be a bit lower because so much of it’s being outsourced to the CROs and we're seeing the growth there. So, we should think about that sort of on a cumulative basis or are we not sort of at the point yet where we see that significant migration out of the sort of internal pharma R&D labs?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think it’s an excellent point, Ross. We're clearly seeing some of it and I think you're seeing… the impact of direct outsourcing, so, where a large pharma is contracting to have the CRO do work that he used to do in-house, you're seeing much… as drug come off patent clearly, you're seeing work that was going on in an ethical pharmaceutical house, and all that business going to a generic and that generic could be in the U.S. or it could be in India. I think, what we're clearly seeing is CROs being more aggressive about adopting new technology. And it’s not totally clear to us whether that’s just a new development in the marketplace, whether it’s a new attitude, a new drive for efficiency. It perhaps signals a subtle degree of independence on the part of the CROs, where they’re driving more into that efficiency area and sponsor pharmas are perhaps given a little bit of a control there. So it definitely does kind of impact you when you say what’s big pharma doing versus what’s specialty pharmas or CROs, because the work being done is probably exactly the same work. And it may even being done for the same companies just down on a contract basis. I think, overall, the dynamic works in our favor because there are more CROs implementing new labs. So they’re not just driving more business into an existing instrument base. We’re clearly seeing that in Eastern Europe, in places like Poland and Czechoslovakia and in India that, where the generic and the CRO base is growing phenomenally fast.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: And quickly, lastly, on ACQUITY, obviously the uptake there continues to be strong. Were you surprised by the sort of multi-instrument placements you were getting in sort of single sites? It seemed like you sort of highlighted that in the commentary, and I didn’t know if this was a distinct change. I thought we were seeing some of that before, but maybe the degree to which we were seeing that this quarter I guess was maybe more evident than it was previously.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it’s notable… particularly in light of kind of continuing weakness in some big traditional pharmaceutical accounts. So in spite of that, we’re seeing ACQUITY make more progress, and we like to kind of continue to watch this progress in the more of the QC applications, where we’ll clearly get into the QC applications later, than the very strong uptake in the R&D and front-end applications. But we think we’re really beginning to see that. That of course has been influenced by tough conditions in big pharma with these big labs where they’ve been under very tough spending controls. So one, is clearly being affected by the overall conditions. But in spite of that we’re seeing these multiple orders for ACQUITY and I think that’s a very good long-term sign.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Derik deBruin, UBS.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Hi, good morning.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Eric.
Derik deBruin - UBS: When you look at the Japanese market, I guess, could you just talk about a little more about, you saw some shift in the drinking water regulations. I know nothing about that overall end market. I just was wondering if you could give me a little bit of a background on it.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Japan, specifically on the drinking water applications, Japan had very strong regulations concerning the number of samples. It began, probably in earnest about three years ago. And they continued to expand the analytical requirements and they continued to expand the number of samples that had to be run. So, labs had to keep adding capacity, not only in our gear but in a lot of analytical technologies in order to meet those requirements. And what happened last year is that the Japanese government substantially reduced the sampling requirements. And as a result, we saw a reduction in our business. We had a leading share in this marketplace, and we saw a reduction in both the consumable side of the business because of the samples as well as the instruments that were required to run it. I got to, I guess, take a little bit of the blame here. We probably should have seen this a little earlier, we knew that the slope wasn’t going to be as strong forever in these applications. But the downturn came much faster than we anticipated. So, the slope in the fourth quarter was a pretty significant one, and that’s what caught us by a little bit of a surprise.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Fair enough. When you look at your 2008 guidance, when you still think that… to put it in terms of instrument consumables and services… I guess when you look at the chemistries that are there... you still see that market… you see the chemistry business growing ten-ish percent or a little bit higher than that and how do you see instruments growing?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We think that our chemistry will continue to be strong. We think that the ramp that we’ve seen in the ACQUITY columns over the last couple of years that’s been very, very steep, will begin to impact growth, as we look at 2008. So, thinking of chemistry as a double-digit business, I don’t think is the least bit aggressive based on the trends and the history that we see there. On the service front, I think we are still looking at high single-digit growth, for the services, for the corporation and then instruments are going to modulate, depending on whether organic growth is going to be 8% or 10%. So we are looking for high single-digit growth out of the instrument business, obviously led by ACQUITY and the SYNAPT mass spec. And we have got some new offerings, likewise coming this year at both PECON [ph] and ASMS, that we think will aid that instrument growth too as we move through the back end of the year.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Great, that’s helpful. When you look at the gross margin number, about 20 basis points increase year-over-year, I guess, how much is FX being a headwind on your gross margin number and I guess, can you just give us a little bit more color in terms of what is going to be your forecast in that?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean FX, if you look across the year, obviously we end the year at about the rates are at today. We begin the year with FX being more of an impact if you will. So I would say early in the process you are more likely to see FX be a depressant of our overall margins by maybe 20 basis points, 30 basis points, and by the end of the year becoming closer to neutral. So, I think overall, we are looking at a slight impact of FX, should rates stay above where they are today.
Derik deBruin - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: John Groberg, Merrill Lynch.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Congratulations on an overall great 2007. Just on the Japan number you gave, John, you said minus 12%. Was that excluding currency or including? Somebody said excluding, and somebody didn’t clarify.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: That was excluding currency. That was before currency impact.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, so that was…
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, the Yen was not nearly as variable as the Euro and some other currencies. So I think the Yen, on average for the quarter 1.12, something like that, 1.11.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: And then, if you look at that and Japan, I mean, would you categorize that minus 12% almost entirely due to this reduced number of required tests for water quality or are there other things going on in Japan?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The most significant effect was the water testing. We saw a little bit of a fall off in the food testing business also. So, the regulated applications for food testing and water testing are probably the two most significant factors.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It was down 8% at actual currency rates, John.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then you mentioned… maybe to follow on that… a number of times in your call you mentioned most drivers remain intact. And that most end markets and geographies remained stable. I mean, excluding Japan, and maybe we’ve talked about, what else are you seeing out there that made you say, most, as opposed to a little bit more bullish commentary a quarter or two ago?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure…
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: And what specifically… sorry… and what specifically… it’s probably questionable, people will question that the markets that you saw in the fourth quarter of ’07, given what we’re seeing happened, kind of in the macro environment will stay as they are. So if maybe you can just address that as well.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. That’s a fair question. You remember, at this time last year, probably the single biggest question that we had was how is the US going to be, because the US is clearly our largest territory, and we have had like one quarter of decent performance in the US coming out of ’06. The very clear story for us in ’07 was good strong double-digit growth in the United States. And partly in the US, it’s the fact that they’ve been under pressure in the large accounts, and we have looked to expand our business outside of those key large pharma accounts that we owned for so many years. But as we came under pressure there, we certainly have done a better job at expanding our business in smaller accounts. And we have seen that keep up throughout 2008. We’ve also continued… I think in the US, we have seen this very clearly, these systems are very clear, high productivity systems. So even in challenging economic times, we are finding in many accounts the ability to make a very strong case for investing in these high productivity systems. And that seems to be playing itself out in the US very well. If you look at our high growth areas of Asia, India, China, Korea, Taiwan, those very high double digit growth rates, we have seen no slackening of the interest, and the early demand signs from those territories as we go into 2008. As a matter of fact, in some cases we are even seeing stronger signs of growth. So, our traditional of the last couple of years, high end growth vectors are, we believe, continuing into ’08. Japan, we think the fourth quarter was a little bit of an anomaly, not a total anomaly, but the slope is not going to be as severe as we go into 2008. So you… and then, so Western Europe is the other large territory, geography. We saw a little bit of slow down versus our expectations in Europe in the fourth quarter, but it wasn’t huge. So we are looking at Europe carefully. Europe is a whole bunch of little markets rather than kind of one big one. And we are, we have leavened our expectations, but we don’t think it’s dramatically different from what we have seen in the fourth quarter. So, you add to that a healthy dollop of new products coming in and the ramp up on things like ACQUITY and SYNAPT continue to be very strong. So that leads you to an ’08 that’s kind of as John outlined it. It’s probably… it’s a little bit conservative versus what we saw on average in ’07. But the key geographies and the key customer sets are not all that different.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just as a point of clarification, ending ’07 what was your mix of say life science and all the CROs, pharma, all those clients and more industrial or applied markets, and if you are kind of broadening out there?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If you look at the overall, we talked about our overall mix of life science sales versus industrial… John, you have it right at your fingertips.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We look at about 70% of our business in that range being broadly defined life sciences, with about 50% of that being university, government, the rest being for-profit and then 30% being really defined other. I mean there is a lot of different categories in there, as you know, that’s food and beverage, that’s environmental, that’s the pure chemical industries, the Dow, the DuPont. So there is a pretty diverse set of customers in that other 30%.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: And academic and government is 15… 1-5?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Well, 15%. And that is worldwide, so there is not quite as much exposure there to the US, as you may think.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: And what would that have looked like into ‘06 if you have that number, just to see if there was kind of a broadening out.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, about the same, because as you know our businesses, the TA have done very, very well. A lot of the life sciences businesses have done well. A lot of the food safety applications have also done very well, so that, on average we really haven’t seen a dramatic shift in that proportion of our business over the last couple of years.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: The biggest dynamic would obviously be large pharma that has been a little bit of an anchor to our performance. But that’s been offset, as we’ve talked about by improvements in the generic CRO and Biotech areas.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then last question, you also made a comment that the budget flush this, in the fourth quarter was maybe a little less than hoped for and maybe not so far out of your expectations, but then hoped for in this. And just, maybe, have you talked to people in the field and got a census to maybe why that was the case?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would say we saw probably as much as we had expected in the US, it was probably a little bit softer in Europe. And I think in general, we have seen big pharma in Europe be a little more problematical than big pharma in the US. Now you know that a lot of those accounts have the same names in Western Europe as in US. But we do, I think, see where the traditional European pharmas are perhaps outsourcing into Eastern Europe and into India a little faster than the traditional American big pharmas. So, I think that’s one of the things that we keep monitoring, as we look at our European business. We have seen some very clear anecdotes of that. I don’t have any absolutely rolled up numbers to prove that but, that’s what I think has happened a little bit more in Europe, as we got into the end of the year.
John Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: John Sullivan, Leerink Swann.
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: Good morning.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, John. How are you?
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: A couple of quick ones here. John, when you were talking earlier about ACQUITY margins, having a chance to grow by a few hundred basis points over 2008, is that instrument manufacturing improvement alone or does that also include perhaps some benefit of mix shift away from instruments and toward columns?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: No. I‘m talking about truly engineering reductions of cost with those products along with higher volumes alone for a bit more favorable production variances and purchasing leverage as well on all of that. I think we're just that alone, we're talking about being able to improve margins by 3% or so as we go across the year.
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: Okay, great. And then relatedly, to the ACQUITY related columns carry higher margins than the instrument itself at this stage of the game?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Higher, yes. But they’ll be comparable to the margins that we get on HPLC columns. So the margins as we've said are definitely higher than the instrument margins and comparable to HPLC.
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: Okay. And then lastly, what portion of the company’s revenues are coming from recurring sources today?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Little over 40% that come from recurring sources. 40% to 45%.
John Sullivan - Leerink Swann: Thanks very much.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: Derik De Bruin, UBS.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Hi. Just a couple of follow-ups. So, what… when you look at 2008, what’s your depreciation and amortization and CapEx reduction?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: The CapEx would be comparable to this year, so a number of around the $60 million range. And I don’t have the depreciation and amortization with me, but it would be, it’d probably be about 5% to 8% higher than this year approximately.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: That’s helpful. Thank you. And you did say during… you don’t break out the specific product lines anymore, but you did say that there was growth of 20% in most of the major product lines. Is that… did I catch you correctly on that one?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. We were specifically talking about ACQUITY…
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Okay.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: …SYNAPT and TA instruments.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Okay.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: …Being the things that we had focused on in recent communications.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Okay.
John A. Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: … And they in fact continued with their momentum in the fourth quarter.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: That’s double-digit growth in the other two lines, the other three lines?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Derik De Bruin - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:
Quintin Lai, Robert W. Baird:
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up. I think that one of the general concerns, I think that is going to come out of this report is your exposure to cyclical markets. So, can you kind of just review for us in terms what do you view as some of your products that might be historically exposed to cyclical markets? And then as a follow up to that, talking about TA which has been putting out some really good numbers, your expectations for the TA business?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I mean I suppose it’s all in how you define a cyclical market. For years and years the pharmaceutical industry wasn’t cyclical. And now depending on how you define it, it’s cycling in a different direction. We used to… in those days think of the industrial chemical market as being the most cyclical, with companies like Dow and DuPont, Shell Chemicals as being the ones that would have three years on and two years off. I think you really have to look underneath those broad terms of what these customers are to think about cyclicality. I still think if you look broadly at the pharmaceutical marketplace that we are talking about, including generics and CROs and bio-pharm, we still look at industries that are investing and going to continue to try to find new products to improve their bottom line and improve health. It may be business that’s done more in China and India, one quarter than is done in Europe or the United states. But overall you are still looking at growth applications. And we certainly saw that in 2006 and we saw it in 2007. So, I don’t think overall if you look at that 70% of our business, that it is not growth. It still is, but it is moving around and moving around different accounts, different applications, different customers. So, I think overall there is still no reason to believe that the sum total of that, given the developing countries, the developed countries and the regulatory spending that that doesn’t support what I would call a growth industry. I also think in these applied markets, the food safety, water testing, overall, more of that’s going to be done tomorrow than it’s done today. More of it is going to get done in the U.S., more of it is going to be done in the exporting countries. So, in any individual quarter, maybe you have a blip. We honestly had one in Japan, but overall those environmental and regulatory applications are high growth areas. So I don’t, I don’t think we are in cyclical business. I think it’s sometimes tough to call from quarter to quarter. But overall, it’s not all that variable; it continues to exhibit a pretty good underlying fundamental increases in demand.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: And on the TA front you had asked growth there, we are expecting about 8% organic growth out of TA and another couple of points of growth through the acquisition on the microcalorimetry front. And we see some pretty interesting opportunities still on that front of incorporating our products into the TA line. And TA has a new regulometer [ph] coming out next year too that looks pretty exciting. So I think their new product pipeline continues to be strong. So it wouldn’t surprise me that you saw a continued double digit top line for TA Instruments as we look at 2008.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: Great. Thank you for taking my follow up. It’s tough that right off the bat you are one of the first tools companies to go off and so right now, a lot of people are going to be looking at your experience of what’s going on in Japan for… is that something, just a blip or is that one quarter or is it something just overall market but from the sounds of it, it sounds like just a lot of that weakness was related to that water reg change. And then just going into the visibility for 2008, I guess you feel okay about the Japanese market getting more solid…
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think we feel okay is probably the best term. We are not expecting it to become double digit. But we are not expecting the steep drop that we saw in our fourth quarter to continue.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: All right, thanks.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: And if you look at the base of comparison there, if you look at last year you saw mid-teens growth in that market. So it was a difficult base of comparison as well.
Quintin Lai - Robert W. Baird: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Tycho Peterson, J.P. Morgan.
Tycho Peterson - J. P. Morgan: Thanks for taking the follow up. Doug, following up in your comments from a moment ago about just some of these, these other markets that are more driven by regulation, food testing, environmental testing, things like that. Can you give us a sense as to whether there are any kind of regulatory developments that you are looking at or monitoring over that could impact the business one way or another over the next six months or so?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer: Six months may be a little early, Tycho. I think we are going to see a bigger, longer term effect as in the US, particularly with food and safety testing. There is definitely a lot of discussions going on in Washington concerning the regulatory environment. There is definitely concern on the part of our Asian customers concerned with how are they going to have to change their procedures to satisfy what they perceive as likely incremental regulations coming out of Washington. So I feel pretty confident that that’s likely to happen in the long term and spur investment on both sides of the ocean. But I don’t sense that happening in the six month time frame.
Tycho Peterson - J. P. Morgan: Okay. And then from a portfolio standpoint and kind of the sales standpoint, you feel comfortable serving those markets with what you currently have or is there a need for further portfolio evolution to kind of cater to some of these emerging market opportunities.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we have got a very strong portfolio to serve them now. There is always some tweaking that’s going on, kind of in the ease of use area. Because oftentimes, you are dealing with technicians, who are running the instruments and you need to concern with instruments that are very easy to use. But, in terms of the technical capabilities, I think we have all of the capabilities that are needed to serve that marketplace.
Tycho Peterson - J. P. Morgan: Okay. And then just finally, can you comment on the neonatal business, how that’s been doing and your outlook there.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Neonatal business is part of our clinical operations. We are happy… as most of you know, we access the neonatal business through a partnership. And the neonatal business is still a good business. We tend to get boluses of orders. It tends to be a lumpy business on the instruments side. But if you look at it in full year terms, we think that application continues to be a growth opportunity for us. Inside the US, and as various states get up to speed, as well as major opportunities in places like Asia.
Tycho Peterson - J. P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Alright operator. Well thank you all, we appreciate you taking the time this morning. And we plan to talk to you again in another quarter. Thanks again.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and CEO John Ornell - VP, Finance and Administration and CFO
Analysts: Quintin Lai - Baird Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank Derik deBruin - UBS Warburg (US) Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities John L. Sullivan - Leerink Swann & Company
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. The conference is being recorded; if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Douglas Berthiaume, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Waters Corporation. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. And good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter financial results conference call. With me on today's call as usual, is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. And as is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's highlights and then John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with an outlook for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2007. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language. John?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the Company; this time for Q4, 2007. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events, results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, in Part I under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the Company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for January 2008. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached in the Company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of restructuring, purchased intangible amortization and retirement plan transition charges.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. Well, the third quarter results largely indicate a continuation of positive trends that we saw through the first half 2007. And among these trends are improved spending for our global accounts, the expansion of our businesses in Asia and generally healthy industrial demand. In addition, our global business with government and university entities continued to do very well. In all, from a product line, customer segment and geographical point of view, there were no significant surprises with all these segments reporting solid results. So I turn first to our larger accounts. I would describe their spending as improved but not totally robust. Our overall pharmaceutical demand was strong in the quarter, driven again by generic CRO and specialty pharmaceutical customers. Among the large ethical houses we saw the majority improving considerably over last year's sales levels. However, uncertainties in a couple of large firms weighed down on the Group as a whole this quarter. As we come into the fourth quarter, we are more optimistic that year-end spending specifically on our two technology systems will result in a sales pick up for this large customer segment. Geographically, our largest market, the United States continued to perform well with strong double-digit growth. Contributing to the U.S. performance was accelerated demand from pharmaceutical and university customers. Outside the Unites States, the only really major market where we saw some softness in demand was in Japan. We think this weakness appeared related to a general economic condition and we are confident that our competitive position in Japan remains strong and that our sales there are likely to pick up as general spending conditions improve. If you look at our businesses in Asia outside of Japan; China and India are continuing to drive our growth with each of those territory showing strong year-over-year performance. Our recent business reviews in China and India suggests that current growth rate appears sustainable as these countries continue to modernize and build scientific infrastructure, and we continue to invest in people and infrastructure right along with them. Elsewhere, demand in Europe was strong for the quarter led by continued growth in our business in government, environmental and food testing laboratories. As you look at our major product lines, our instrumentation systems growth in the Waters Division continues to be driven by the up tick in ACQUITY UPLC and ACQUITY LCMS systems. Customer feedback on the performance, reliability and broad applicability of ACQUITY UPLC continues to be very favorable and the advantages of combining UPLC technology with mass spec characterization appear well established in the marketplace. Mass spectrometry related system sales grew nicely in the quarter, led by our high resolution Synapt and Q-Tof line and our quadrupole-based detective systems. Synapt HTMS technology seems to be driving a revolution in mass spectrometry as customers exploit new and exciting ways to utilize the technology and applications that range from protein structure and function studies to high sensitivity impurity profiling for biopharmaceuticals. New capabilities that we introduced for Synapt at this year's ASMS, were well received especially the MALDI source option that enables broader application reach for the system. So the first nine months of this year, its clear to us that there is healthy momentum in spending for mass spectrometry technology, and that we are increasingly well positioned with our recent exciting product margins to gain share in this market. We are optimistic that these trends in MS-related demand will continue through the fourth quarter of '07 and we also feel that the exciting new product launches that we have planned for 2008 will further strengthen our market position. As many of you know, we are more than a supplier of advanced instrumentation and that we offer a broad line of chromatography consumables and advanced instrument services. In fact, these sources of profitable recurring revenues are approaching almost half of our sales revenue. In the third quarter, we grew our recurring revenues at a double-digit rate as we benefited from the strong up tick of ACQUITY columns by our expanding base of ACQUITY UPLC customers. This strength that we have developed in designing and selling advanced consumables and services is surely a key to Waters competitive advantage. There is no better example of this than the success of ACQUITY UPLC, where with the advances in the packing material chemistry, they really resulted in a new category of instrumentation that is transforming and invigorating this marketplace. If you look at our TA Instruments business, we are very pleased with the third quarter results, as this division continues to capture larger shares of the thermal analysis and rheology markets. You may recall that TA represents about 10% of our corporate sales. However, their continuous ability to positively and profitably contribute to the Corporation's overall growth has been very impressive, particularly recently. During the quarter, we added another business to the TA portfolio, Calorimetry Sciences Corporation, which is a manufacturer of microcalorimetry instruments that have capabilities to compliment on line of analytical systems that we introduced last year following the acquisition of thermal metrics. Before passing you on to John to review the financials, I'd like to say that 2007 has shaped up as a very successful year for Waters in just about every perspective. Our products are performing well in the marketplace and appear to be driving gains and share. And our financial results relying principally on organic sales growth continued to set the pace for the industry. I would like to briefly review with you a couple of principles today that have and will continue to drive our success. Importantly, we focus on the most relevant and attractive segments of the analytical business. And at time when some companies try for breadth of product offerings and benefits from economies of scale, I think we have demonstrated the advantages of continuously working to be the best in delivering advanced system based solutions, systems that uniquely merge technologies to deliver superior information content and efficiency. I believe that over the past couple of years, we have evolved in the eyes of our customers to become a premier solutions provider and technology partner, the only company to advance unique offerings such as ACQUITY UPLC and Synapt HDMS. On the acquisition front, we stayed close to our comfort zone and look for companies and technologies that are synergistic with our current operations and quickly accretive to both our top line and profitability. Financially, we carefully evaluates the near and long-term implications of our investments and work hard to deliver superior gross margins, operating margins, earnings growth and free cash flow, results that we can deliver today while working towards future improvements. Now look at cash flow, and I feel it's one of the clearest and most objective measures of a company's performance, and when you come down to it, it is what all companies strive for in the long run and its what Waters is delivering at an outstanding level today. This year, we expect our free cash flow will be over 20% of sales. This level of operational efficiency gives us flexibility to invest in our future while providing our investors with unmatched levels of confidence and our ability to leverage investments, acquisition, share repurchases or internal development programs. As an investor whether you are considering investing in the analytical market or more broadly in public equities, I feel there are few companies that offer the top line growth, earnings growth and strong cash flow than we have consistently provided and plan to deliver in the years ahead. Now with that, I would like to turn it over to John for more detailed financial affairs.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Okay thank you, Doug and good morning every one. We are pleased to report another strong quarter of financial performance with third quarter results delivering 17% growth in sales and 24% growth in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share. Earnings per share was $0.62 this quarter compared to earnings of $0.50 last year. On a GAAP basis, our results this quarter include $12.2 million charge related to the U.S. transition from a defined benefit pension plan to a 401(k) plan as described in our 8-K filing last month. After tax, this charge amounts to $0.08 per fully diluted share. Our GAAP earnings were $0.52 this quarter compared to $0.49 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is included in the press release issued this morning. Sales grew 17% this quarter with currency providing 3 percentage points of growth and acquisitions providing about 2 points. Examining corporate sales regionally before foreign exchange effects, our sales results were positive in our major geographies, with continued strength in Asia where we saw a 12% increase this quarter versus a difficult base of comparison. Sales within Europe were also up 12%, and in the U.S. sales continued to be very strong and grew by 18%. Sales to most of our large pharmaceutical accounts continue to be a positive momentum and global sales to smaller pharma and biotech customers remain robust. Turning to the product front, the Waters Division had another strong quarter with instrument systems growth of 12%. Our service business grew by 7% and chemistry had 19% growth, which was aided by acquisitions. Without acquisitions, our chemistry business grew by 10%. And our TA instruments division had another strong quarter, with sales up 37% versus prior year resulting from strong new product sales as well as the favorable base of comparison. M&A activity contributed above 5% to this result. Now, I would like to comment on non-GAAP margins and expenses excluding items noted in this morning's press release. Gross margins came in as expected at 57.1% this quarter. Margins were up sequentially this quarter, but down from last year due primarily to continuing foreign exchange cost pressure on European-sourced products. SG&A expenses grew at a rate less than sales, and were up 12% this quarter compared to prior year. Foreign exchange translation and acquisitions accounted for about 5% of this growth. R&D spending was up modestly this quarter. Our effective tax rate this quarter was 14.8% on a GAAP basis. However, on a pro forma basis, our effective tax rate was 18.6% this quarter. This quarter's rate reflects the impact of a year-to-date catch-up of an increase in the full year projected tax rate moving from 15 to 16.2%, as well as a couple of smaller discreet items booked within the third quarter. The rate increase is the result of improved profitability in our higher tax rate geographies. On the stock buyback front, we continue to purchase our shares in the open market and during the third quarter, we purchased 402,000 shares of our common stock for $24 million. On the balance sheet, cash and short term investments totaled $626 million, bringing us to a net debt position of about $284 million. We believe we remain well positioned to fund our future working capital needs and acquisition opportunities. We measure free cash flow as cash from operations less capital expenditures plus any non-tax... non-cash tax benefit from FAS 123R accounting. For the quarter, free cash flow was $72 million after funding $18 million of CapEx and adding back $9 million of FAS 123R tax benefits. Comparable free cash flow last year was $50 million. Year-to-date, free cash flow has exceeded full year 2006. Year-to-date, free cash was $241 million after funding 45 million of CapEx and adding back $19 million of FAS 123R tax benefits. 2006 full year free cash flow was $229 million. Accounts receivable, days sales outstanding stood at 70 days this quarter, up 2 days versus Q3 last year, all due to currency effects year-over-year. Inventories increased $13 million with currency representing about $3 million of the increase. Now I would like to turn to our updated outlook for 2007. Our business prospects remain strong with our end markets and geographies enjoying strong customer demand. Our expectations for the fourth quarter are essentially unchanged from our July guidance. We expect sales growth of 12% for the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, we expect a combination of improved gross margins and operating expense leverage to provide for operating margin of around 30%. Net interest expense is expected to be around $6.5 million for the quarter and we expect our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter to be 15.9%. And the fully diluted outstanding shares are likely to be comparable to Q3 balances. Rolling all this together, we currently expect non-GAAP earnings of $1.06 for fully diluted share for the quarter with normal tolerance of $0.01 to $0.02 for the quarter. For full year 2007 then, we expect non-GAAP earnings of $2.84 per fully diluted share with the normal tolerance of $0.01 to $0.02 for the fourth quarter. This represents 24% earnings growth over last year. Doug?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. I think operator, at this point we can open up for Q&A. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. At this time we are ready for the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question, Quintin Lai, Robert W. Baird; your line is open.
Quintin Lai - Baird: Good morning, congratulations on a nice quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Quintin.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Quintin Lai - Baird: Diving into your large accounts and your outlook for the fourth quarter, what gives you that optimism for the sales pick up especially from, I guess, those two accounts that were a little sluggish. Was it a summer seasonal thing or are you running some kind of backlog number that you are kind of going into Q4 with?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Couple of reasons... there are couple of reasons why we are reasonably optimistic about what we are looking for in the fourth quarter. The magic of quarterly performance Quintin is that the third quarter of '06 for those couple of large accounts were disproportionately large in the base. So, in the fourth quarter you don't have such a big hurdle to come over with those accounts. And secondarily, if you look at the procurement pattern this year versus what they tell us is coming in the fourth quarter and specific programs that we are working with them on, we have a reasonably higher level of expectation that those quotes are going to result in real orders in the fourth quarter. Now, we're short of absolutely guaranteeing that but, we feel pretty good about our ability to make a forecast in that matter.
Quintin Lai - Baird: And then with respect to just the overall trends that you are seeing, it looks like that all your product lines are showing really good growth. Can you parse out what you think that the underlying market dynamics are and whether you are growing in line with that or do you have any dynamics of market share gains in special like in mass spec?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a very good question and I guess, the short answer is, we think we are gaining share and specifically in a couple of areas. It seems little doubt that the result of our ACQUITY UPLC strategy and technology introduction has gained overall market share, I mean its still to the point where we don't think that there is really good meaningful competition for that product and that's what our customers continue to tell us. And I think if you look at an another big segment of our marketplace, which is the mass spectrometry product lines, I don't think that there is any doubt in overall Synapt and our overall high-end mass spectrometry is gaining market share today and I think that the market is growing as fast as we are. If you look at areas like Asia, well, I think we are very much holding our own and doing very well. I think the overall markets in China and India are growing pretty fast, so wouldn't surprise me that others in the market are growing fast also. But you roll all that together, it seems to me that its high to add up everybody's numbers as you know in this market and absolutely on a quarter-by-quarter, get market share. But I don't have a lot of doubt that overall the net result of those dynamics is that we are a little further ahead than [Technical difficulty]
Quintin Lai - Baird: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Ross Muken of Deutsche Bank; your line is open.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. So could you just talk a bit about the sustainability that you mentioned relative to some of the emerging markets and so talk about the mix there? Is it the same sort of customers that are ordering in China and India that were ordering 6 or 12 months ago? Have we seen sort of a broadening out of demand across industry segments, both being pharma and industrial?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I think if you look at the current areas of the world that are growing the most quickly and I shouldn't hasten to say that one of our fastest growing areas in the world right now is United States. So it's interesting that we see so much strength in the U.S. and I do think that that's sustainable in the U.S. over the next 12 months. But if you look at the very fast growing areas of China, India, Eastern Europe and particularly also the Middle East, places like Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Israel, as the dynamics that are going that is specifically of India and China, we don't see any real near term likelihood that this business stops growing at the rates that we are experiencing. As I said, we have... we spent a lot of time with the senior management group at Waters on India and China in particular recently. We see that it is possible that those areas might accelerate rather than decelerate. The amount of projects that are being laid out in front of us in terms of the need for instrumentation and if you look at India, you're talking particularly about the pharmaceutical industry, weighted towards generic drugs. And these are programs that are on the drawing board and are already under construction, so its not things its pie in the sky. If you look at China, it's a little bit different case. In China, our business is not heavily weighted towards generic drugs or pharmaceutical in total. It's a... it's a much different mix of environmental, food safety, governmental laboratories and pharmaceutical and once again, if you look at the projects just going on in the broadly described food safety and environmental areas in China, those projects look very hard to cancel or to slow down, so I'd say our near end optimism I think is very well grounded in these areas that are growing the fastest, not saying that you can't have a hiccup here or there, but I'd say that we're pretty confident that the underlying factors are pretty sustainable.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: And just quickly as a follow up, I think your comment you made regarding the U.S. was pretty interesting. It's sort of the flip flop of what you would have expected given the weak dollar and every thing that we hear about sort of U.S. industrial demand and across many industries being a bit slower now than it was two quarters ago. Can you just give a little bit of granularity on sort of what's the key components of that, especially with the comments around sort of a mixed bag from pharma. Should we just assume then that it's European pharma that's weak or what is really sort of behind that extremely strong and impressive U.S. growth?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I think again it's a good question. The... I believe that our U.S. performance to what's driving it is more Waters-centric than market centric, it's not a necessarily a broad-based dynamic. I think it's the investments in this whole evolution that I talked about of Waters as a system supplier with advanced technology that focuses on solutions. We, to some I'm sure that sounds like marketing slogan, it's real. We have spent an enormous amount of time, we always have but it seems like in the past year or so even more talking to the senior managers of our key customers and this... and I think ACQUITY UPLC had a lot to do with it where the ability of that technology to make a significant difference in a lot of the work flows of our customers has really been driven home. And we've talked about the fact that this is getting penetration, that it's changing the way customers think and feel and I think you are seeing that and you are seeing across big pharma in the U.S. and you're seeing it across CROs and smaller specialty pharmaceuticals. Also seeing penetration of this in our mass spec technology, particularly in the U.S. into the university marketplace, where a lot of advanced research is going on and they are looking for that improved sensitivity and improved efficiency of those technologies to drive their cutting edge research. So, I think that's what's going in the U.S. market and you would expect kind of that to the early adopter marketplace. It's not that we are not seeing that in areas of Europe, but I am secured saying we are seeing the front edge, the front part of that wave in the U.S.
Ross Muken - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Derik deBruin of UBS; your line is open.
Derik deBruin - UBS Warburg (US): Thank you. Good morning.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Derik.
Derik deBruin - UBS Warburg (US): Hey. When you talk about the 12% growth in the fourth quarter for the top line, is that all in or just the organic number?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: That's all in. That would represent probably a couple of points of foreign exchange and may be about a point of acquisition impact.
Derik deBruin - UBS Warburg (US): Okay, great. When... you talked about some new products in 2008, any color you want to give us?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I was afraid I was going to get that question, Derik. I think what I am comfortable about saying is we are really feeling good about what's on our plate in the mass spectrometry area. You saw us introduce last year the TQD and this is the year one down of Synapt and you are seeing the rewards of that come through in our mass spec area. We clearly feel like we've got good strong momentum in that area, clearly takes advantage of the ACQUITY UPLC as the front part of that system and we are driving that through our R&D programs right now and I'd say that's what I am most comfortable about saying. Watch for ASMS and even at PITTCON next year to see some significant mass spectrometry come into the play.
Derik deBruin - UBS Warburg (US): Great, although I don't know if I am ready to start thinking about PITTCON yet. So when you... can you give us a little bit of color in terms of how big an impact are you seeing from some of the issues on food and consumer product safety? In particularly, I am curious is this been more companies that are buying stuff because they are worried about protecting the brand or is it... is it being government regulations driven right now?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say its an interesting mix of the applications that we are seeing across the world in food safety. A lot of our current business in Asia is I would say regulatory-driven and that's largely driven by European regs, as those producers in Asia have to meet the vigorous European requirements for food imports. We are also seeing a fair amount of food and beverage business that is probably not so much safety related as it is QC and competitive information related, so that's under that broad heading of food and agricultural and that's quite sustainable and unrelated to any safety concerns. I'd say the most current attention on the safety... on the food safety issues is increased visibility in the United States. I wouldn't say that we have seen the big bowls of actual investment in that area, I think that's probably the biggest area of opportunity in the next couple of years because that will focus probably on an increased regulation on requirements for imported food. But I wouldn't say that we're actually seeing that in our order rate, I would say most of our business is coming out of the QA/QC, a part of the food and beverage business, as well as established laboratories there are just meeting increased demands largely in the Asia theater.
Derik deBruin - UBS Warburg (US): Okay. And I guess one final question, as you start to accumulate cash, it doesn't sound like you are going to be particular aggressive in your buyback strategies. I guess you pay down debt or is there the potential for a larger M&A move on the horizon?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say... we never say there is not a potential for a larger M&A, we... but our fundamental strategy is to continue to add to our portfolio with things that are digestible and that add to our overall strategic product portfolio. We are not looking for a major defining acquisition frankly, we think this business can continue to grow at good double-digit rates and produce share holder returns that are amongst the best in industry. We continue to think that our stock is a good buy, we are continuing to buy. We will evaluate that as the stock approaches triple-digits, but I would say right now we are... we think what we've been doing continues to have a high degree of attractiveness for us.
Derik deBruin - UBS Warburg (US): Right. Thank you.
Operator: Jon Groberg of Merrill Lynch; your line is open.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Congratulations on a great quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jon.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Just a few fairly quick questions. I mean, last quarter you mentioned that UPLC demand would approach that of HPLC, I think was your word. I just wonder where we were with that and maybe get some context what percent of LCs sold this quarter with UPLC versus HPLC.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well Jon, we are not currently providing that kind of competitive information, but what I'm comfortable... I think the line that I've used in the past is that UPLC was growing north of 25% and less than a 100%. I'll be wiling to say now narrowing that range a bit growing more than 30%, less than a 100%. It's continuing to do very, very well. It's not showing any signs of coming of, it's very fast growth trajectory. And interestingly enough, HPLC while not growing anywhere near that rate, continues to grow. So, there is no question that if we're right, those curves are going to cross at some point in the next couple of years but...
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: But we're not there yet.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not there yet.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that's just despite very fast growth in UPLC.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: And just a follow-up on that. As it grows as quickly, you've mentioned before a very high attach rates primarily because these are being used in R&D. And are they still mainly going into R&D and sort of the attach rate for the new columns still kind of 90%ish or is that coming off some, as they move into different applications?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, the consumables rate on the new systems is very high with per system. You are seeing that in the ACUITY column growth that is very close to 100% annually. So we are very happy about how the customers are responding to the consumables with the UPLC technology.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then...
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Does that answer your question?
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Yes, yes. And then on the financials, a quick question. Gross margins came in line with what we were expecting, you obviously got very good leverage out of SG&A into growth and R&D. I am just wondering about the sustainability of the SG&A and R&D kind of levels or trajectories relative to the revenue growth that you are seeing. I mean is this the type of leverage that you expect kind of as we go out into '08 or do you see a need to may be as you're looking back over the years and the level that you are reaching always in the third quarter of SG&A as a percentage of sales are getting low? And just maybe you can mention qualitatively if you think you are going to need to invest more in SG&A and R&D as we look out into '08?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Yes I think, if we look at our traditional model, we generally look at ourselves as being about a 10% top line company, top line growth company. Certainly, we are beyond that this year and we have invested in SG&A at a higher rate than we would historically to support that growth. But as we look to next year, we would... at this stage, we are expecting double-digit top line growth again. And I would submit that early on we should still be able to create a couple of points gap between the growth in SG&A and growth in sales for the next year, right in the middle of the budget process, but I would feel comfortable saying that that type of a GAAP ought to be created as we look at the needs for investment in SG&A going forward. I think on the R&D front however, you are looking at a year this year, even our investing in headcount that isn't obvious as you look at the financial results and R&D is growing somewhat anemically this year, but its really due to a phase of comparison where last year there were significant investments made like in three large mass spec problems that were going through the pipeline. So I would say that you are looking at a kind of a point off the line this year and rather small growth in R&D and our expectation going forward would be to grow R&D about equal to sales as we look at some of the projects that were on tap for 2008.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And, then last two quick questions. One, just if you can give any update, I know the Flextronics Solectron merger was completed in the beginning of October and that was one thing you were kind of waiting just to see how that shook out before you made your plans grow more to Singapore. I was wondering if you could comment on that. And then the second quick one on buy backs, Derik alluded to, any particular reason given the cash that you generated, I think you bought back around 70 million last quarter and about 20 million or so this quarter, just any reason for that decline?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There's no reason, no principle reason for the decline. It doesn't signal any fundamental change in our buy back.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: And, I think on that front we have talked about may be a couple hundred million dollars this year of buyback and reserving may be a 100 millionish for M&A. We front end loaded that given where the stock price was let's say, for a full year basis we're principally on target for December for what we said we are going to do.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And, on the Flextronics front, we've had further discussions in terms of our strategic positioning in Asia. I'd say right now we are reasonably secure in planning to pursue and proceed with that overall plan and think that over the next couple of years, you'll see us build up our Asia position, much the way we had intended to do with Solectron.
Jonathan Groberg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks guys.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: Tycho Peterson of JP Morgan; your line is open.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Good morning.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Michael.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Wondering if you can comment at a little bit may be on pricing trends here, it sounds like a lot of commentary generally has been about growth overseas and then may be in areas such as generics and then obviously in the applied markets like food testing and... how do we think about the pricing dynamics there? You've a very good job refreshing the portfolio, at that kind of high end. But how do we think about what the pricing dynamics are like as your customer base evolves?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think there has always been a level of price competition in our industry particularly if you look at our chromatography marketplace. There have always been players who choose to compete based on a cheaper system, and some of these surprisingly larger competitors sometimes adopt that strategy. We have never really utilized a low price strategy even to gain share, I think we've been remarkably consistent really certainly for the last 20 years if... in following a differentiation approach to our marketplace. And if you look at our gross margins, and you look at our financial performance, you can see that there is very little in the way of price erosion and I think that's still true and it's a strategy, it's a result of our strategy as opposed to anything else. And I don't see a dynamic evolving that's really challenging that. Our UPLC products, our HPLC products are holding very firmly in the marketplace, yes, this forever some moaning from our field about customers that are giving away their products etcetera, but no level of noise that's any different from what we hear in an average quarter. If you look at the emerging areas of the world, the prices have held consistently and yes, there is competition there, but we hone to our fundamental strategy of bringing a system solution to the customer and it's a remarkably effective strategy regardless of where we go, whether its India, China or New Jersey, its been very effective and in well conditioned, so I don't see its changing.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. And I think in your comments, you do mentioned, you are talking a lot more to senior managers and moving up the value chain within your respective customers. Is this naturally driving a lot more bundling and then second follow up to that is, is there an increased need then to expand the service offering and kind of propound on your broader portfolio?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think so. I mean I think it's... certainly ACUITY UPLC has a lot to do with it. And not say this also, if you at these large accounts, there is a growing appreciation that they need to do things differently and they are under enormous pressure from generics and from regulators. They need to do better in terms of the data needs and tying together all there operations, they need to drive productivity and efficiency. And it's a remarkable thing about it or may be not so remarkable is that in that environment, why a cheaper instrument has remarkably little selling power to them. They are looking for ways of how they can substantially change the way they are doing R&D and when you talk to them about what ACQUITY UPLC or Synapt can do for them, that resonates as opposed to, I'll sell your five cheaper UPLCs. So it's absolutely clear that the level of customer who is taking that into account was looking at changing how they are doing things fundamental in their operations, whether its clinical... clinical trials, the front end of R&D or QA, QC. That degree of discussion on those accounts is noticeably higher today than it was say 5 or 6 years ago and I think that's what's driving things and the recognition that... UPLC, HPLC and mass spectrometry is at the heart of what these companies do. And I'm not talking about GC or spectrophotometers, it's just they have to focus with the heart of their R&D and development activities are and are frankly I think, we offer the breadth in those technologies with consumables, with the instruments, with the data, with the information services that it's hard for others to compete with us. So, it doesn't surprise me that they are turning to us for this and I think you are seeing it in the kind of business that we are driving through these accounts.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. And on ACQUITY, I think it's been about a year and half since you opened it up to competitive systems in terms of integrating it. What's been kind of the net effect looking back there, I mean, have people been putting in ACQUITY on a thermal and ABI system or ...
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, unquestionably, our penetration as a UPLC in the mass spectrometry systems is unqualifiedly successful in that area. So, its not just a grudging position, I would say its almost a universal position that ACQUITY UPLC has, if not the leading position what I would quite easily forecast to be the leading position at the front end of competitive mass specs in the not too distant future.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. And then finally just on Synapt, can you give us a sense of where we are in the adoption cycle right now, both maybe in terms of customer base, are we rapidly moving beyond the earlier adopters here and then are there new application areas that are merging that weren't obvious 6 months ago?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say the... it's still early in the curve, but the growth rate is very high. I would say the current purchases in these systems are still heavily weighted into the protein structure marketplace. We are seeing a great deal of interest in metabolite ID and other areas, but early on let's say its the high end academic research centers that are very interested in the technology, but I'd say the amount of enthusiasm and quote level that we have out on Synapt are and across these applications is very, very high.
Tycho Peterson - J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: John Sullivan of Leerink Swann; your line is open.
John L. Sullivan - Leerink Swann & Company: Hey guys, good morning. Just a couple of very quick ones... and congratulations. The... can we just talk about the pharma; the global pharma customer group for one more second? You've had very good success for a few quarters in a row now with this customer group, with success in driving business. Does it change the way you think about the fourth quarter potential for these customers and specifically, these customers' traditional buying pattern where a lot of the business comes through in the fourth quarter? How does the first three quarters' strength change the way if at all, that you look at the fourth quarter potential of these customers?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd say, discreetly we think that our opportunity in the fourth quarter is good with large pharma. As I said, that's two things; it's the level of understanding and quote activity and looking at the specific programs that we have going on with the 15 or 20 largest accounts. It's the fact that the only... I mean it's the really largest pharmaceutical account that are the most troubling right now, and we understand that particular account pretty well and we think we understand what's likely to come in the near-term and that's better than what we've seen in the past quarter. In effect that... just the magic of how quarterly business fell last year, the challenge in the fourth quarter for those large accounts is not nearly as high as it was in the quarter that we just passed. So, that's not necessarily a statement about the next two or three years, but in the near-term it doesn't cause us a great deal of concern.
John L. Sullivan - Leerink Swann & Company: Great, I appreciate that. And then lastly, you talk about Synapt and a particular application you outlined was high sensitivity impurity profiling. Is that in the manufacturing processing, is it in biopharmaceuticals or in pills as well and is it actually occurring in the manufacturing process or is it occurring in drug development?
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Its principally today in existing biopharmaceutical manufacture, John. I'd say is where the great deal of interest is amongst the people who are trying to characterize their biopharmaceuticals and as you know that analytical challenge is pretty significant and I think we now see the Synapt as a tool that better than anything else is in the ability, both the ability to characterize things that they couldn't see before as well as having to do with it to avoid risk. And so that's what we're talking about in terms of impurity identification, and that's essentially with people who are in the market today.
John L. Sullivan - Leerink Swann & Company: That's very helpful. Thanks and congrats again.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Quintin Lai of Robert W. Baird; your line is open. Mr. Quintin Lai, your line is open.
Quintin Lai - Baird: Hi thanks for taking the follow up. With respect to tax rate, you said that there was a true up to get it to 16.2%, but then in the fourth quarter now you're saying 15.9%. So I guess why isn't fourth quarter just a 16.2 and then that kind of going forward John, do you think that 16% is kind of a good rate?
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer:
.:
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What an excellent question because that's the question that the CEO has asked 3 times in the wrap up of this quarter.
John Ornell - Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer: Welcome to the world of FIN 48, unfortunately. When you... within the quarter we had a couple of adjustments associated with estimates of liabilities for the U.S. return in the mass tax return from '06, the combination of which resulted in the fact that we had to true up those estimates all within the third quarter, nothing gets smoothed across the entire year's rate. So those couple of amounts, when you include them in kind of the run rate pro forma of tax rate comes to 16.2% for the full year, but on a run rate basis, when you exclude those couple of items, you're back down to 15.9%, which would be kind of a starting point for looking at what the tax rate might be going forward. So again it's taking that full impact all within the third quarter and not smoothing it across the full year rates.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Quintin, the way I think is easiest way to understand it is it's almost $1 million of tax provision in the third quarter, its kind of a one-time item that unfortunately the tax laws require. The accountants require you to put that through your provision all in the third quarter and then it goes away in the fourth quarter. So, confusing, but that's the way require to do it.
Quintin Lai - Baird: Well, thank you very much for the clarity. I much appreciate it.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Douglas A. Berthiaume - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, thank you all for participating and we'll all look forward to meeting again after the fourth quarter. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's call. All lines may disconnect. Once again that concludes today's call, all lines may disconnect.
